===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company’s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all lines are in listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Tuesday, April 22, 2025. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Walsh, Senior Director Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Walsh: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Genuine Parts Company's first quarter 2025 earnings call. Joining us on the call today are Will Stengel, President and Chief Executive Officer and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Today's call is being webcast, and a replay will also be made available on the company's website after the call. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for questions, the responses to which will reflect management's views as of today, April 22, 2025. If we're unable to get to your questions, please contact our Investor Relations Department. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, let me turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2025 earnings call. Before we get into the details of our results I always want to start by thanking our over 63,000 GPC teammates around the globe. Your dedication and commitment to serving our customers remain the core of our success. I'm so proud of the team's continued focus and hard work. We had a solid quarter in line with our expectations, but we're obviously working in a dynamic external environment. Tariffs, trade, and geopolitics are impacting the operating landscape for all companies. These factors, combined with inflation and interest rates, are adding to an already cautious demand backdrop. Despite this, we remain focused on what we can control, providing excellent customer service and executing on our strategic initiatives to make the business smarter, faster, and better. The teams have navigated multiple market environments over the past five years, and we've used those moments to drive positive change across our company and advance our strategic priorities. We're committed to this approach as we navigate the current environment and are confident that we have the relevant playbooks to remain agile. I experienced our focus on serving our customers first-hand last week at the NAPA National Ownership Workshop event where we celebrated NAPA’s 100-year anniversary. The event highlighted NAPA’s status as a global leader and pioneer of the automotive aftermarket industry. Joined by 1,000s of our repair shop customers, independent owners, and field teammates, we reflected on this significant milestone and reinforced our commitment to delivering outstanding customer service together for the next 100 years. Not only was this event an opportunity to celebrate our history, it was also a chance to detail the in-flight work that's shaping our future. Our working sessions showcased details around talent and culture, sales effectiveness, operational excellence, and technology initiatives all designed to enhance our customer experience. As an example, we highlighted the recent rollout of our modernized e-commerce platform, NAPA ProLink, built specifically for our commercial customers. Developed in partnership with Google, this platform features proprietary search capabilities that are faster and more reliable. The platform offers improved functionality with 10% more product coverage and leverages a more comprehensive and accurate catalog. In 2025, NAPA B2B e-sales are growing mid-single-digits and capturing new business. The customer feedback on the modernized platform is overwhelmingly positive and we're excited about the benefits this will deliver to the NAPA business and our customers as we move forward. Now, turning to our business results, I'll walk you through highlights of our first quarter performance, which were in line with our expectations. Following my remarks, Bert will provide some additional color on our financial results and touch on our 2025 outlook, which we're maintaining today despite the evolving trade policies. A few highlights from the first quarter include total GPC sales of $5.9 billion, up 1.4% versus the same period in the prior year. Our sales growth was primarily driven by acquisitions and improving sales in our industrial business, which was partially offset by one less selling day, impacting sales growth in the quarter by 110 basis points. Gross margin expansion of 120 basis points versus the same period last year, reflecting the benefits from acquisitions and our strategic pricing and sourcing initiatives. And solid progress with our productivity initiatives to manage and optimize expenses. Turning to our results by business segment. During the first quarter, total sales for global industrial were $2.2 billion, approximately flat versus the same period in the prior year, with comparable sales decreasing less than 1%. The one less selling day negatively impacted global industrial sales by 150 basis points. While we continue to navigate sluggish market conditions, we saw sequential improvement from the fourth quarter driven by increased customer activity and motions defined sales initiatives. From a cadence perspective, average daily sales were positive in all three months of the first quarter. Looking at the performance across our 14 end markets, we saw growth in pulp and paper, aggregate and cement, and DC and logistics, while iron and steel, automotive and oil and gas remained pressured. During the quarter, nine of our 14 end markets saw sequential improvement from the fourth quarter. Our performance by customer type saw continued outperformance with our national account customers. We also saw sequential improvement in our local MRO accounts and value-add services, compared to 2024. Sales from value-added services like automation solutions and fluid power were flat to slightly down, which represents a notable improvement relative to last year. Switching to industrial profit during the first quarter, segment EBITDA was approximately $279 million and 12.7% of sales, representing the 10 basis point increase from the same period last year. Overall the motion team continues to make progress on its profitable growth, category management, and supply chain productivity initiatives. The team is managing the business with discipline to deliver profitability, despite a persistent soft market environment. While industrial activity metrics like PMI and industrial production have been depressed for the longest period in over three decades, we were encouraged to see PMI start the year with some momentum, with two consecutive months above 50, before slipping back to 49 in March. Motion size and scale, diverse end markets, and strong customer value proposition position us well in a highly fragmented industry and across all market environments. Turning to global automotive segment, sales in the first quarter increased 2.5% with comparable sales decreasing 0.8% in line with our expectations. The first quarter included one less selling day, compared to last year, which negatively impacted sales and comparable sales growth by an estimated 90 basis points. Global Automotive segment EBITDA in the first quarter was $285 million, which was 7.8% of sales, representing a 110 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Our first quarter results for the global automotive segment reflect ongoing pressure from softer organic sales in the U.S. and Europe and the one less selling day. Now, let's turn to our automotive business performance by geography. Starting in the U.S., total sales for the first quarter were up approximately 4%, while comparable sales declined approximately 3%. During the quarter, the one less selling day negatively impacted sales and comparable sales growth by approximately 160 basis points. Looking at average daily sales across the business, sales in the quarter were positive in all three months, with March being the strongest. Comparable sales for our company-owned stores were up low-single-digits, while independent purchases were down low-single-digits. By customer type, total sales to our commercial customers were up low-single-digits with all four customer segments being positive in the quarter, while sales to our retail customers decreased mid-single-digits. Our performance by category is consistent with the prior two quarters, with non-discretionary repair categories up low-single-digits and maintenance and service categories flat in the first quarter. The pressure remains in our discretionary categories, which represent approximately 15% of sales, and we're down mid-single-digits. Additionally, we acquired 44 stores from independent owners and competitors, further strengthening our footprint in our priority markets. The integration of our recent acquisitions, including MPEC and Walker acquired in mid-2024, are progressing well and remain on plan. Both acquisitions are positively contributing to NAPA's EBITDA margin. Turning to Canada, total sales increased approximately 5% in local currency versus the same period last year, with comparable sales increasing approximately 4%. These results are a testament to the exceptional work of our Canadian team, who delivered strong results despite a softer macroeconomic environment. In Europe, total sales increased approximately 3% in local currency, with comparable sales essentially flat. The team in Europe continues its expansion of the NAPA brand and its wins with key accounts. Underlying market demand remains soft across our geographies driven by macro challenges. Despite these headwinds our ongoing strategic initiatives including upgrades to our supply chain infrastructure, are expected to improve productivity efficiencies and support future profitable growth in our geographies. Rounding out automotive, our team in Asia Pac delivered another quarter of double-digit growth in local currency, driven by both organic initiatives and contributions from recent acquisitions. Total sales increased approximately 12% with comparable sales growth of approximately 3%. Continued strength from our retail business is notable in the market. This sustained performance underscores the strength of our team in the region and their ability to execute effectively in the market. As we look ahead to the second quarter and the rest of the year, we remain focused on what we can control. We believe our diversified global geographies and business mix creates differentiation as we leverage our global relationships to navigate the market. Our scale creates an advantage relative to many other small players in our industries. We've got a battle-tested team in place with required expertise to navigate uncertain markets. We've invested in the business over the recent past to provide tools to help us analyze the business with more granularity. We have a long-standing history of financial strength characterized by attractive cash generation. Importantly, we also have a team culture defined by an action bias, agility, and a passion for serving customers in every market environment. I want to conclude by thanking our shareholders, customers, and suppliers for their trust and continued support. Most of all, thanks again to our GPC teammates for your dedication and hard work. I'll now turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Will and thanks to everyone for joining the call. Our first quarter performance was in line with our expectations, despite a dynamic external backdrop, which is a reflection of the resiliency and agility of our teams as we continue to navigate through challenging conditions. Our discussion today of our first quarter performance and our outlook will focus primarily on adjusted results, which exclude the non-recurring costs related to our global restructuring program and costs related to the acquisition of MPEC and Walker. During the first quarter, these costs totaled $69 million of pre-tax adjustments or $49 million after tax. As expected, earnings were down in the first quarter, as our profitability was negatively impacted by one less selling day, lower pension income, higher depreciation and interest expense, and foreign currency headwinds, which cumulatively totaled a $0.48 negative impact. As we shared in February, we expected these factors to drive first quarter earnings down by 20% to 30% and we finished the quarter with adjusted EPS of $1.75, down 21% to prior year. While certain new tariffs took effect during the quarter, the financial impact of GPC for Q1 was immaterial. Let's turn to the details of the quarter starting with sales. Total GPC sales increased 1.4% in the first quarter, which included a benefit from acquisitions of 300 basis points. These items were partially offset by foreign currency headwinds and an 80 basis point decrease in comparable sales as our businesses continue to operate in soft market conditions. Both total sales and comp sales were negatively impacted by 110 basis points from one less selling day. Our gross margin was 37.1% in the first quarter, an increase of 120 basis points from last year, relatively in line with our expectations. The improvement in our gross margin was driven by acquisitions, along with some favorability and vendor rebates. Recall that we will begin to cycle these acquisitions through 2025 and as a result would expect the rate of gross margin expansion in subsequent quarters in 2025 to be below what we reported in the first quarter. Our adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales for the first quarter was 28.9%, up 170 basis points year-over-year, sequentially improving from the fourth quarter. On an as-adjusted basis, our SG&A grew in absolute dollars by $120 million year-over-year, including approximately $80 million from acquired businesses. The SG&A impact of acquired businesses will diminish over time as we anniversary the acquisitions and continue to realize the anticipated synergies from the integration of these businesses. Our core SG&A grew $40 million, or 2.5% in the quarter, as we curbed the rate of growth of core SG&A significantly on a sequential basis from the fourth quarter of 2024, when we experienced core SG&A growth of approximately 4%. We continue to do the hard work to improve our cost structure, aligning to market realities, and ultimately getting to our expectation for leverage in SG&A. Within our core SG&A, we experienced an increase of approximately $45 million, related to salaries and merit adjustments and rent expense due to lease renewals occurring in a higher rate environment. Over the past year, we've taken extensive actions to adjust our cost structure and our efforts remain in flight and on track. In the first quarter, we incurred restructuring costs of $55 million and realized approximately $27 million of cost savings for a benefit of $0.14 per share. For the quarter, total adjusted EBITDA margin was 8.1%, down 80 basis points year-over-year. The decrease was driven by the impact of one less selling day and deleverage from lower organic sales growth and cost inflation, partially offset by benefits from our acquisitions and restructuring efforts. Turning to our cash flows. For the quarter, cash from operations was down $41 million, and free cash flow was down approximately $160 million. While we continue to benefit from favorable terms within payables, our investments in inventory, including our MPEC and Walker acquisitions, created timing headwinds in working capital in the first quarter, which is typically our lowest cash generation quarter of the year. During the first quarter, we invested approximately $120 million back into the business in the form of capital expenditures as we continued our investment in our supply chain and IT systems. In addition, we invested approximately $75 million in the form of strategic acquisitions. And finally, during the quarter, we returned approximately $135 million to our shareholders through our dividends. Now turning to our outlook. As we detailed in our press release this morning, we are reaffirming our outlook for 2025. For the full-year, we continue to expect diluted earnings per share, which includes the expenses related to our restructuring efforts, to be in a range of $6.95 to $7.45, and adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.75 to $8.25. As further detailed in our earnings release, our outlook excludes the previously announced one-time non-cash charge we expect to record when our U.S. pension plan termination settles, expected for late 2025 or early 2026. On slide 11 of our earnings presentation, we've included an illustration of the key business drivers impacting our 2025 outlook. Recall that our outlook includes an expected headwind from a loss of pension income, higher depreciation and interest expense, as well as a headwind from foreign exchange conversion. Collectively, these headwinds produced approximately $1 of EPS headwind in 2025 when compared to 2024. Our current outlook assumes foreign currency rates at current levels. While we have reaffirmed our outlook for the full-year, the fluid external backdrop makes visibility into the rest of the year, particularly in the second-half more complex. We believe we can meet our expectations for the year. However, it is important to share the assumptions embedded in our outlook given the lack of clarity in the current external landscape. First, consistent with February, our outlook does not include any impact from tariffs in 2025. The potential implications of the U.S. administration's shifting policies on tariffs is unclear and the tariffs could impact us across multiple prisms. As we evaluate the implications of the tariffs on our business, we will be considering the following factors. Impact to our revenue, including the pace and timing of potential same SKU price adjustments, overall market conditions and fluctuations in underlying demand for parts and services; increases in product costs as we engage with our supplier partners; adjustments to our supply chains, including operational impacts with inventory availability and suitable substitutes, as well as higher freight costs associated with movement of goods. Inflationary cost increases in SG&A as the tariffs have the potential to drive higher salaries, wages, and rent and volatility and interest rates and foreign currency rates, which could have negative impacts. Given the shifting environment, the recent 90-day pause to delay the effective date of the announced tariffs for many countries, and the complexity of applying the tariffs I just outlined, we believe it is prudent to exclude any impact of potential tariffs from our outlook as we await greater clarity from the U.S. administration on the path forward. While we don't guide to the quarter, I would like to provide some additional color regarding expectations for the second quarter, where we believe we have the most visibility into our forecast, given the recent delay in the effective date for the proposed tariffs on many countries. Our trends in April have held consistent with March, and while market conditions remain soft, we've seen no appreciable downturn over the past two weeks, despite the tariff environment. With first quarter earnings falling in line with our expectations, we continue to expect first-half earnings to be down 15% to 20% and second-half earnings to be up 15% to 20%, consistent with the view we shared with you in February. For the second quarter, we expect adjusted earnings to be down 15% to 20% from the prior year, primarily driven by lower pension income, higher depreciation and interest expense, and the negative impact of foreign currency. As we look more broadly beyond the tariffs, recall that our outlook for 2025 is based on softer market conditions improving as we move throughout the year, with a pace and timing of the recovery in both of our segments leading to a more robust second-half growth environment. However, many companies have limited information at this point as to what the full-year will bring and we are modeling multiple scenarios, many of which are incomplete given the lack of data. Despite the lack of clarity, for context, we can see at least two downside scenarios, which I'd like to share with you. The first scenario would be that the next 90-days brings clarity around the tariff environment, but the current uncertainty produces a more prolonged softness and lack of recovery and trading conditions beyond our current expectations, extending into the early stages of the second-half of the year. In this case, we would expect to conclude 2025 in the lower end of our guidance range. In the second downside scenario, the tariff environment could persist for an extended period beyond the next 90-days and well into the balance of 2025. And in this case, our assumptions around a second-half recovery may not materialize, which would make our current guidance difficult to achieve. Given the incomplete nature of the second downside scenario, we are not able to re-forecast the year, but we will pivot based on the backdrop and provide additional updates as needed. With that, our current guidance assumes total sales growth in the range of 2% to 4% for 2025. Our outlook assumes that market growth will be roughly flat and that the benefit from inflation will be approximately 1%. It also assumes a benefit from M&A carryover and about a point of growth from our strategic initiatives. These benefits are partially offset by the one less selling day in the first quarter and about a point of headwind from foreign exchange. For gross margin, we continue to expect 40 to 60 basis points of full-year gross margin expansion driven by our continuous focus on our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives, as well as a benefit from the independent store acquisitions in U.S. Automotive. Our outlook assumes that SG&A will de-leverage between 20 and 40 basis points. Our SG&A outlook is driven by continued cost inflation pressures and the impact of incremental SG&A from acquisitions in the U.S. Automotive business. These impacts are partially offset by the expected benefits from our global restructuring activities. For 2025, we expect to incur restructuring expenses in the range of $150 million to $180 million associated with these activities with an expected benefit of $100 million to $125 million. When fully annualized in 2026, we expect our 2024 and 2025 restructuring efforts and cost actions will deliver approximately $200 million of cost savings. By business segment, we are guiding to the following. 2% to 4% total sales growth for the automotive segment with comparable sales growth in the flat to up 2% range. We expect the automotive segment EBITDA margin to be flat to up 10 basis points from last year. And for the industrial segment, we expect total sales growth of 2% to 4% with comparable sales growth in the 1% to 3% range. We expect global industrial segment EBITDA margin to expand by approximately 20 to 40 basis points year-over-year. Turning to a few other items of interest, we expect to generate cash from operations in a range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion and free cash flow of $800 million to $1 billion. The strength of our balance sheet continues to give us the confidence in our ability to execute in the face of the ongoing uncertainty of the external landscape. As detailed in our earnings release, our outlook for CapEx and M&A remain in line with the expectations we shared with you in February. In closing, the external environment has become increasingly complex with the tariff landscape driving heightened uncertainty across many prisms. As we look ahead to the remainder of the year, we remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our businesses and the strategic investments we're making to improve our position for the long-term. Our near-term focus remains on operating with agility and discipline, while we continue to serve our customers around the world. Thank you and we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bret Jordan with Jeffreys. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Will Stengel: Good morning Bret.
Bret Jordan: Did you talk a little bit about what you saw for inflation in the first quarter in a both motion and the automotive business? Obviously, we're not going to address the tariff potential?
Will Stengel: Yes, sure look for inflation really came in line with what we thought about just a little bit less than a point across both businesses. So on the top line getting a little bit of benefit, but not a ton really right in line with our expectations. I would tell you on the inflation side, we're really still feeling it more on SG&A. So a little bit upside down when you compare the point or so on the top line to somewhere in the 2% range on SG&A costs, really in salaries and wages, and a little bit in rent as well. Now that's declining, which is nice. So we're seeing the monetary policy across the world have its intended effect of pulling it back and landing in a place that's a little bit more normalized than we've seen in the last two years. But something that's still a little bit stubborn in the cost side of the P&L and something we're still working on pretty hard, particularly when you think about our global restructuring.
Bret Jordan: Okay and then a question on Europe automotive. Extra day you would have been you were comping up a bit but you described the market as soft. Are you seeing share gain over there? Is this you know leverage of the private label program? I guess how do you see your performance relative to the underlying market there?
Will Stengel: Yes, Bret, we're really pleased with the performance over in Europe. We're seeing really nice outside growth in our NAPA branded products over there. Our share is, in our estimation, kind of in line with the market to slightly better. We're doing a lot of work around the cost structure over there as well under the prism of harmonizing and optimizing all of the different geographies in Europe working together to get benefits. So there's a lot to like over there that NAPA branded product especially in a tough market has been a differentiator. It's about 15% of our revenue with a big runway. So obviously it's a margin good guy for us. So we're going to continue to push on that as an important strategic initiative as we move forward.
Bret Jordan: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregory Melich with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Gregory Melich: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to follow-up on just level set us on where we are with the North American auto, you bought in more independence. I know you have a strategy to get to, I guess, half, just sort of where are we on that? And anything on initiatives to reaccelerate the share there and turn the comps for the overall business?
Will Stengel: Yes, Greg, I'll take that one. You know, as we said in the script, we continued our momentum with adding to our store count about 40, 45 stores through the quarter. Last year obviously was a big effort with the acquisition of MPEC and Walker, which added materially to our footprint. We're going to continue to pursue that strategy. It's important to note that the independent owner model will always be an important part of who we are. The owners as I saw first-hand in my time in Vegas, you know, they're really important powerful player in these local rural markets with a great service proposition. And so we're going to continue to lean into that and make sure that they're positioned for success. As we look forward to 2025, our acquisition of new stores will slow and moderate. Obviously, 2024 was an unusually high amount of stores that we acquired. And we're turning our attention to really running great stores, which goes to your second point. And pleased with the progress, we've talked a lot over the last couple years about the areas of emphasis as it relates to winning and earning share by delivering great service. It starts with store operations, sales excellence. We're doing some things out in the field to make sure that our sales organization is aligned and focused on taking care of customers and our store operations, professionals are working on making sure that the parts are getting out of the stores quickly and efficiently. So we're doing inventory work. We're doing all the right work and we're making slow and steady progress. Pleased with the progress, but never satisfied.
Gregory Melich: Got it. And then I'd love to pivot and follow-up on tariffs a little bit. Not specifically understand on the -- not changing the guidance for it, but you gave us a couple scenarios that could make things worse. Is there a scenario that could make things better, particularly given the nature of the product and the potential to pass through pricing?
Will Stengel: Yes, Greg, that's an interesting question and we've had a lot of conversations in the last few weeks around what are the downsides. We have had a few conversations on the upside. Look, I think when you think about how this could be better or maybe we'll just say how could things return to what feels a little bit more normal. And that's why I think we kept our guide where we saw it. The guidance range is wide enough to give us some latitude to see an upside case. And that would be, I think, in the sense that things get resolved here in short order. This current period of dislocation and disruption doesn't blunt what we would see as a more robust second-half. And in that environment with a little bit of price is probably not baked into what we're thinking. You could see some upsides. But I would just tell you that for right now, we're kind of sitting here in a wait and see mode. We had a good first quarter in terms of our expectations. They were in line with what we thought. We've had a decent start to April. And that gives us a view that with so many moving pieces and no new information, and I think we're all in the same camp of trying to understand what's happening, we have a lot of data points that would just point us to, let's stay in the wait and see and hold it. And hopefully we can get past this 90-day period with a lot of good outcomes. And in that case, I think everyone, not just GPC, but everyone will feel better about the rest of the year.
Bert Nappier: Greg, I would just add a couple other thoughts. One is these industries are rational markets, and we've had history prove to us that in inflationary periods we're able to pass through price as we're delivering a service proposition to our customers. And so to the extent that, that is steady measured and under control consistently through, you know, the forward coming quarters, that's a good guy. The other thing I would tell you is we've seen sequential improvement in the industrial business over the last couple quarters as we had hoped as we came out of this contraction cycle that's been the longest in history. As we saw in the first quarter, we saw sequential improvement as we moved through January, February, March, and cautiously optimistic that in an upside scenario, we continue on that trajectory and it turns into the second-half recovery that we had planned at the beginning of the year. So lots of moving pieces, lots to consider, and as I think we said pretty clearly in our scripts, we're going to be very agile and make sure that we're reacting accordingly to seize the moment.
Gregory Melich: That's great. Congrats and good luck.
Will Stengel: Thanks.
Bert Nappier: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Christian Carlino: Hi. Good morning. It's Christian Carlino on for Chris. Excluding some of the calendar noise, you saw a real step up in comps for motions. So could you talk a bit more about what drove that and what you're hearing from those customers. Are they pausing that 20% of demand that is bigger capital projects given the uncertainty or the accelerating projects they'd already started? And to what degree do you think you maybe saw any pull forward of demand given the tariffs that might have benefited the first quarter? Thanks.
Will Stengel: Christian, thanks for the question. I'll take it. You know, we were very encouraged as we started the year at motion. The performance was in line or slightly better than what we had planned internally. And we were encouraged by seeing the activity with customers on some of these capital-related projects, which was an area of softness as we've gone through the last couple of years, so that's a really positive indicator. We can continue to see good strength with our corporate account business, our smaller local MRO business strengthened through the quarter. And I think you put all those pieces together and it's a function of the industrial economy feeling like we were getting to a 2025 where rates were going lower. You had election certainty in the fall of 2024 and people were energized to do work. There's been a lot of de-stocking happening in the industrial complex over the last couple years and eventually our customers need to make sure that they've got the right parts and solutions to move forward with a healthy economy. So, as I said in my previous answer, we're hoping that the upside scenario that continues to progress as we move through 2025 and motion's really well positioned to take advantage of it as it turns.
Christian Carlino: Got it. That's really helpful. And then on the U.S. NAPA business, are you seeing a difference in trends in markets where one of your competitors are closing stores versus the balance of the country? And then on the independents, is that slower trends there due to simply the markets that the independents tend to be in, more rural markets growing more slowly? Or are the independent owners de-stocking just given the rate backdrop and the degree of uncertainty? We've heard about them buying lower for maybe some time now, so maybe could you give us a sense of what cumulative -- the cumulative impact like channel inventory levels and what that looks like given, you know, you can only de-stock for so long without impacting share?
Will Stengel: Yes, let me try and tackle that one. On the first one in terms of the kind of micro market dynamics for markets where there's competitive changes, it depends. We have seen some strength. Each market has its own dynamics. We consider all of the local dynamics as we evaluate what's happening. I would tell you that our Midwest, Mid-Atlantic region showed strength outside strength relative to the balance of the country, largely driven by the great work that's happening with our recent acquisitions. The West where we had the most customer disruption, we saw good strength, but not anything outsized. So I think we're attacking the right opportunities and being thoughtful about the business that we're taking on to make sure that we can take care of our customers. As it relates to the independent owners relative to company-owned stores, I would tell you, and I saw this first-hand during my time last week with all the owners, we saw sequential improvement with the owners through the fourth quarter of last year. That kind of got choppy to start the year driven by lots of different things, weather, et cetera., new backdrop. And we saw really nice strength coming into the end of the quarter in March with continued strength into the first part of April. So, company-owned stores are performing a little bit better. That's probably a function of the continued dynamic environment that the owners are working in, but I'm really proud of the work that the teams are doing to work with the owners to make sure that they're well positioned to capture the market. So lots of noise in the quarter, but feel good about the fundamentals as we move forward.
Christian Carlino: Got it. Thank you very much. Best of luck.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Christian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS Securities. Your line is now open.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question.
Bert Nappier: Hi, Micheal.
Michael Lasser: Understanding that there's -- good morning. Understanding that there's a lot of uncertainty in the tariff situation. But if you put aside both the potential top line impact, as well as your mitigation efforts, you simply size the cost impact to your cost of goods? If the current tariff regime were to remain in place for the rest of the year, this way the market and shareholders can come up with their own assumptions about the other factors, and at least those impacts could be priced into the model? Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Michael, that's a good question and a tough one. I think we tried to give you guys some downside scenarios at the broadest context, but get to the more specific of your question. I think maybe a little bit of context is the actual application of a tariff to a single good. And we've been studying this quite closely over the last few weeks as this landscape has evolved. And to give you some color on that, we looked at one SKU the other day that has the potential to have nine different tariff permutations applied against it. And so that's just one particular SKU coming in from one country of origin that would have nine possible cost adders as you move through the clearance process. The net result of that particular application of that tariff is about 30%, which I think is consistent with what a lot of folks are looking at in the wind of the blended tariff rate is somewhere in the mid-20s to high-30s and at highs from the 1,900s. So if that were your only data point, then that hopefully is a little bit of color. Now that is an unmitigated strategy of just letting the tide wash over us and letting that be the case. Obviously we would be doing things to mitigate that and doing mitigation strategies against it. It also would not consider any other elements of the P&L for which there might be other changes. It also wouldn't consider, as you said, you were looking at gross margin or cost of goods sold in isolation, pricing actions we may take or may have the ability to take. So that's really why we viewed trying to quantify the most draconian scenario as an incomplete homework assignment at this point. We're all calling balls and strikes on what's happening, but when you really think about this and the impact of GPC and that's why I outlined it in my prepared remarks, we are going to be looking at same SKU price inflation price adjustments. We will be looking at cost of goods sold. We'll be looking at demand impacts. So there could be fluctuations in demand as well. Operating costs could be in the form of higher salaries and wages. We could have more freight costs as we think about the movement of goods. And the other thing that doesn't get really considered in this is all of us, not just GPC, all of us have in-flight capital projects for which the capital input costs of a DC that's currently being constructed is going to have a different profile. So the complexity of the landscape is quite high and the degree of forecasting difficulty is also quite high. But hopefully that gives you a bit of color on just the application of one particular tariff on one particular good and we would have to do that on tens of thousands of SKUs. And so that's the work we're looking at. That's why we seek more clarity over the next 90-days and I think everyone is seeking more clarity. And as we get more of that, I'll be able to give you guys a more precise view.
Will Stengel: Michael, I would just add, I would just add just as a reminder for everybody, about 70% of Genuine Parts Company’s purchases globally are either in the U.S. or Europe. So we articulated about 14% from China, which, you know, if you do all of the math, you know, our NAPA business is really the outsized exposure with China, Mexico, Canada, 20% to 15% to 5%, respectively. So we think the diversification of the business is an advantage. Having said that, it doesn't, the diversification adds to the complexity, because we've got trade partners around the world and while they might not be tariff impacted, it just adds to the complexity of how all of our geographies interact with their manufacturing base.
Michael Lasser: Thank you, Will. And that's very helpful. Now, just to clarify, would it be appropriate for us to apply an average of 30% to 14% of your cost of goods? Or would that 30% be applied more broadly? Because while only a portion of the goods that you're selling, for example, in the United States, are going to be brought in from across the border, there will be some indirect impact to those goods from raw materials or other non-finished goods that could play into this tariff situation?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Michael, I don't think you can use it as a rule of thumb to just apply 30% to the 14%. It's way more complex than that and that's why I tried to give you a little color just on one SKU. We would have to do that on tens of thousands of SKUs based on country of origin. And the one I was thinking of and the one I was quoting to you, the country of origin was China. But that's not our only exposure point. So I don't think I can give you a rule of thumb that is that simple. I wish I could, because actually if I could, I might be able to give you a more precise view on forecasting on some of the downside scenarios we shared this morning. But I think we just have to try to really think about this as a wait and see mentality. We've given you some color around what we think downsides could be. We had a nice question earlier on what the upsides could be. Look, the bottom line here is what will the resiliency of the underlying demand for two businesses that are break fix be in a tariff world? And how long will the tariff world continue to persist? And so the landscape shifted on us in the last 90-days with us talking about China, Mexico and Canada in February. Now we're talking about China at a much more elevated level and we're talking about rest of world and we'll just give you some color on the rest of the world. So look, we're going to continue to be transparent, we're going to continue to give you the right color to be able to understand how you can model this business. We're trying to model the business as well through multiple scenarios, as I'm sure you can appreciate. And look like many, I think we're in a wait and see mode. And relying on our teams, and we have a lot of confidence in our teams to go execute in this environment, given our past practice in this space and some of the lessons learned from COVID.
Michael Lasser: Understood, and your analogy about unfinished homework was very appropriate given my moniker in high school was unfinished homework. So I totally get it. Thank you very much for that, Bert. With that being said, my last question is, what are you hearing from your independents on how they're navigating through this environment? Is there any evidence that they are trying to buy as much inventory as possible at the current time in order to get ahead of what could be some cost increases down the road? And once they, what if and when the tariffs do start to show up in the form of higher prices, how do you expect them to react on the independent side? Thank you.
Will Stengel: Michael, I think it depends. It depends on the owner and it depends on the owner's situation. And so I had a mixed series of discussions with owners over the last week about how they were thinking about the tariff world. I would say we have not seen a pull forward rush to put in product associated in the aggregate across the ownership group associated with tariffs. We are always working with our owners to make sure that they're appropriately inventory. We're helping them with the analytics to understand parts and products that they should have relative to the market. So I would say we haven't seen anything materially different in that strategy over the recent 90-days. How will they operate in a tariff world? I think it depends. Look, I think we're all small businesses are trying to navigate the environment. Big corporations that are publicly traded are trying to navigate the environment. And I think we owe it to our owners to work with them like we've worked with them for many decades to make sure that they're successful and navigate the market as an important partner to us to take care of our customers.
Michael Lasser: Understood. Thank you very much and good luck.
Will Stengel: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Dankert with Loop Capital. Your line is now open.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I fully appreciate the uncertainty. I guess, just to beat a dead horse on pricing and tariffs I understand there's the pause, there's the major tariffs that are we're all kind of sitting, you know waiting about, but we've seen tariffs go into effect. We've seen price increase announcements from multiple vendors to deal with the earlier March tariffs. If we just look at that smaller subset that is in effect today that have already announced actual price increases, not some kind of contingent plan, is there any way to decide what that impact is from a sequential 1Q to 2Q basis here? Or if we're waiting, what's the risk to gross margin from waiting, because those increases have been announced?
Will Stengel: Yes, Chris, It's a good question. And so I would give you a couple thoughts. One is, you know, in every year at this time of year, we have ongoing discussions with our suppliers about how prices are going up or down into the market. Usually they're going up. And that's the ordinary course process. You get a letter or have a discussion with a vendor. It starts a 90-day discussion back and forth about the logic and the facts behind the rationale why prices are going up and then that kind of gets put into the market so to speak. That process happened like it does every single year and you know those discussions flow in different weeks and different months as the discussions get resolved. And so we've seen that activity happen. We've also seen an elevated number of those discussions just based on the world in which we're operating in. And so, you know, over the next 90-days or so, there will be resulting actions that are taken as a result of those discussions. So to your point, has there been activity already put into the market? The answer is yes. Is it driven specifically by a tariff world? Unclear. But we're not waiting to see what happens in the world to manage the business, make sure that we're doing the right thing for gross margin rate, gross profit dollars, and same SKU inflation. So we're actively working on it. I think to your point, you know, there's more news to unfold as we go, but we're not watching the clock, waiting to see what's happening before we're going to manage the business.
Bert Nappier: And, Chris, I'd just add to Will's point that it did have an impact in the first quarter. We stated on our preparatory marks that it was immaterial. So not only are things happening and we've had an impact, the impact was largely immaterial in the first quarter. And we factored the current set of circumstances into our updated outlook, which we've reaffirmed. And so I would tell you that the only thing that we're waiting on when I say wait and see is what we do with the full picture of the tariffs as they move beyond what we've already experienced. So I just want to be very clear about that. We're not sitting on our back foot on the current environment. We're sitting and waiting and seeing around re-forecasting a year as a few more data points unfold over the next 90-days.
Chris Dankert: Understood, Thanks for the color, guys. And I guessed, similar question, but more in terms of inventory positioning for Genuine Parts here, I guess. I assume we're trying to bring some stuff across the border more quickly. What does that mean maybe for use of cash versus cash generation in the second quarter? I know you don't normally talk about cash generation on that smaller basis, but maybe given the circumstances, it's worth any kind of color we can get there?
Bert Nappier: Look, I would just tell you that I think we had a decline in cash flow in the first quarter and the headwind that we faced was investment in inventory. So I think the simple way to say it is that the first quarter reflected an inventory use of cash. Some of that's related to the acquisition of MPEC and Walker coming into the calculation on a year-over-year basis. But the other is investments we've made in inventory to make sure that we're in the right place and on the right front foot as markets rebound. So if we move past this period of uncertainty and particularly on the industrial side our customers need inventory, we're well positioned and motion is very well positioned to be effective in that environment. And as Will's already shared we've done a lot of great work with our independent owners to ensure they're well stocked and positioned as we move into the spring. We've also had a product launch at NAPA with the new [Carlyle] (ph) tool program. And so I would tell you that, you know, our use of cash in the first quarter really had a lot to do with inventory. We got some offsetting benefit on the payable side and a little bit of a timing fluctuation from a typically seasonally slower sales period. But I wouldn't tell you that, that has impacted the second quarter to any big degree. So I don't think there's another big use of cash coming in the second quarter related to inventory. I think we've done a lot of that work already. And I would just add that we reiterated and reaffirmed our full-year outlook for cashflow, both for operating cashflow and free cashflow. So we feel good about the cash generation of the business over the course of the year. And I think we've done some nice work to be in a great place as we move to the rest of the three quarters of 2025.
Chris Dankert: Very helpful. Well, thanks so much, and best of luck, guys.
Bert Nappier: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Carolina Jolly with Gabelli. Your line is now open.
Carolina Jolly: Great, Thanks for taking my questions. Just to -- sorry to ask another tariff question, but if you could remind us how much of your automotive business is outside of the U.S. and if you would find that relatively immune to the kind of tariff volatility that we're talking about today?
Will Stengel: So the non-US, Carolina I think you cut out a couple times, but I think your question was how much of our automotive business is outside of the U.S.? Is that right?
Carolina Jolly: Yes, yes.
Will Stengel: Yes, so the APAC automotive business is about 10%, Europe's about 15%. So when you think about the base of revenue, then that's what the portion is that's outside of the United States. I would also tell you, when we think about those two regions, those trading partners for the APAC business, if they're trading with China, the current U.S. administration impact on that trading lane is not a direct impact. Could there be other indirect impacts? Sure, but we don't see the APAC business directly impacted by the tariff situation. Same goes for Europe. Europe's trading partners for us are also some China-based. And that trading lane also doesn't really have an impact from the direct announcement of tariffs in the U.S. So I think anything that might come there is indirect. I would just tell you that those businesses are well positioned to continue to be successful. The Asia-Pac business had an excellent quarter. We've talked about the European business already this morning. They continue to do well as well. And the diversification of the supplier base is a strength. And so not only do we benefit from size and scale globally, but we benefit from size and scale in both of those regions. So I wouldn't tell you there's an outsized exposure point when we think about our offshore businesses and the automotive space.
Carolina Jolly: Okay perfect, Thanks for the clarification. And then just another question specific to your U.S. auto business. Are you able to kind of differentiate what's kind of market driven and what was driven by some of the initiatives you've taken over the last year?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Carolina, we do look at it that way. I mean, the market has been kind of flattish to down slightly, in our opinion. And so we usually target a point or so of share gains and we've been tracking around that plus or minus for the last few quarters. So obviously working to get that number higher, but that's what -- that's our calculus.
Carolina Jolly: Great. Thank you again.
Bert Nappier: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Will Stengel for closing remarks.
Will Stengel: Thanks again, everybody, for your interest in Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to giving everybody a good update on our call in July. Have a great day. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please connect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Tuesday, February 18, 2025. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Walsh, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Walsh: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Genuine Parts Company's fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining us on the call today are Will Stengel, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Today's call is being webcast, and a replay will also be made available on the company's website after the call. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for questions. The responses to which will reflect management's views as of today, February 18, 2025. If we're unable to get to your questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now I'll turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Tim, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. Before we get into the details of our results, I want to take a moment to express my gratitude to our over 63,000 GPC teammates around the world. Your hard work, dedication and unwavering commitment to serving our customers are the foundation of our success. Our people are at the heart of everything we do, and we have a culture of service, performance, integrity and teamwork. In 2024, we made meaningful strides in strengthening our teams by making focused investments in talent across the globe at all levels. These people investments are helping build a stronger organization. As evidence of the strength of our culture, we're proud to share that in our most recent Global Engagement Survey, a record 81% of our teammates reported being highly engaged with our company, up three points from the survey a couple of years ago. Reflecting on 2024, our end markets did not perform at the levels we planned at the start of the year, but I'm proud the team stayed focused on what we could control as we advanced our strategic initiatives to improve the business and effectively manage our operations against the backdrop of challenging macroeconomic conditions. Our strategic investments continue to enhance the customer experience, improve productivity and drive profitable growth as we leverage our global scale and teamwork to prioritize opportunities that make GPC smarter, faster and better. Technology and data underpin our investment priorities with an emphasis on talent, sales and supply chain. We're confident that our investments and actions continue to strengthen the business and create long-term value. We complement our core investments with disciplined bolt-on acquisitions. In 2024, we acquired over 100 companies that added talent, geographic coverage, new capabilities and value to GPC. I'd like to take a few moments to highlight some of our key accomplishments from 2024, and Bert will share more details on the fourth quarter and our 2025 outlook in a few moments. A few financial highlights for 2024 include total GPC sales were $23.5 billion, an increase of approximately $400 million or 1.7% compared to 2023. Included in our sales growth was a benefit of 260 basis points from strategic acquisitions, which offset weak market conditions, particularly in our industrial segment. Adjusted gross margin increased 70 basis points, driven by acquisitions and our strategic pricing and sourcing initiatives. We generated strong cash flows with $1.3 billion of operating cash flow and we executed a global restructuring to proactively offset softer market conditions, which led to $45 million in cost savings in 2024 with more to be realized in 2025. In addition to our investment in the business, we returned over $700 million or nearly 60% of our operating cash flow to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. As a sign of confidence in the long-term outlook for GPC this morning, our Board approved a 3% increase to our dividend, marking the 69th consecutive year we've increased the GPC dividend. Turning to our results by business segment. In 2024, total sales for Global Industrial were $8.7 billion, a decrease of 1.4% compared to last year with comparable sales down 2% as weak market conditions resulted in reduced customer demand for the full year. Within Motion's business in 2024, our core MRO and maintenance business which accounts for approximately 80% of Motion's sales was essentially flat with the prior year. Our corporate account customers, which account for approximately 45% of Motion sales saw low single-digit growth. Looking at our diverse collection of industries served, we saw growth across four of our 14 end markets, with strength in pulp and paper, mining and DC and logistics. This growth was offset by softer demand in markets like equipment and machinery, automotive and metals. The remaining 20% of Motion sales originates from more capital-intensive projects including our value-added service offering. This business was down mid- to high single digits for the year. While we've seen customers delay certain capital-intensive projects given the environment, we remain bullish on the long-term opportunities in this portion of the business as customer spending rebound. For the full year, Global Industrial segment EBITDA was $1.1 billion, which was 12.6% of sales, a decrease of 20 basis points versus the prior year. While profitability continues to be impacted by sales deleverage and inflationary cost pressures, we're confident that our strategic initiatives and cost actions will drive margin expansion as market conditions improve. Despite the tough market in 2024, a Motion North America improved gross margin and delivered EBITDA margin of approximately 13%, down only approximately 10 basis points versus prior year. Over the last five years, Motion has expanded its profit margin by over 300 basis points. While the industry faces temporary headwinds, we're energized about how Motion is positioned in the market and the opportunities available to us. We operate in a large and highly fragmented market and despite being the number one player in the industry, we still hold less than 10% market share, which reinforces the significant runway we have for continued profitable growth. During 2024, we executed a disciplined succession plan at Motion by promoting James Howe as President. James has a 35-year track record in the industry and started in the business as a Motion field sales rep. The Motion senior leadership team has 200 years of experience at Motion and 270 cumulative years of experience in the industry. Most importantly, we go to market with an unmatched team of local, highly technical account and product specialists that know our customers' operations and the equipment they utilize as they create tailored solutions to keep their businesses running smoothly. Recall, in many instances, our Motion associates are physically located in customers' facilities. Motion leads the industry with its scaled technical capabilities, value-added solutions and local support offering, complemented by our national network of both branches and distribution centers as well as unparalleled investment in inventory, we believe Motion offers the best value proposition regardless of customer size, type or location. In 2024, we further expanded our depth of inventory by over 60,000 SKUs while simultaneously improving inventory efficiency. Our network enables the right inventory strategically located in the right markets to ensure we're at our customers' facility promptly to get them back up and running. In addition to the traditional MRO and maintenance solutions, Motion also serves its customers with a robust value-add service offering, where we help our customers improve their operations, drive productivity and create value. This includes designing and delivering solutions such as fluid power systems, electrical and automation systems and conveyor systems to solve specific customer applications. Additionally, Motion offers its customers predictive and preventative maintenance solutions to help minimize the risk of an unexpected part failure. We've installed thousands of sensors into our customers' facilities that give them critical insights into the cycle times and the health of their operations. These solutions are designed to improve throughput and productivity, helping our customers optimize their operations. Motion extends its competitive advantage with its repair and service offering including our new state-of-the-art facility in Houston. This team works hand-in-hand with customers to diagnose the root cause of machinery problems, perform repairs and train their teams on proper installation and maintenance of equipment. Key end markets where we provide these services include mining, steel, cement and paper mills. In 2024, we realigned our value-add solutions team with our core distribution leadership to ensure a seamless and coordinated customer experience. This differentiated approach improves our ability to deliver our full Motion offering to each customer. While industrial market conditions remain challenged, we're confident in Motion's ability to navigate the near-term headwinds and continue to drive value for our customers. Our leadership position, unmatched technical expertise and broad portfolio of scaled solutions position us well to capitalize on growth opportunities as industrial activity recovers. This, coupled with opportunities with advancing trends around nearshoring, have us excited about what's ahead for Motion. We're cautiously optimistic to see three months of sequential improvement in PMI with January at 50.9%. However, we believe it's prudent to be cautious with our enthusiasm until additional evidence of a sustained market recovery is clear. Turning to the Global Automotive segment. Total sales in 2024 were $14.8 billion, an increase of approximately 4% compared to last year. Automotive sales growth was comprised of a benefit of 370 basis points from acquisitions, largely in the U.S. and flat comparable sales growth. The moderation in the sales benefit from inflation continued to be a factor in our year-over-year comparisons. As expected, Global Automotive sales inflation remained below 1% throughout 2024. For the full year, Global Automotive segment EBITDA was $1.3 billion, which was 8.7% of sales, a decrease of 70 basis points versus 2023. Our results for Global Automotive reflect ongoing pressures from a soft market environment and cost pressures, particularly in Europe and the U.S. Now let's turn to our automotive business performance by geography. Starting in the U.S., total sales were up approximately 3% in 2024 with roughly flat comparable sales growth. During the year, sales out to our commercial customers were flat while sales out to do-it-yourself customers were down low single digits. Within commercial, we saw low single-digit growth in our NAPA AutoCare and other wholesale customer segments, while fleet and government was flat. Major account sales were down low single digits, but showed sequential improvement through the back half of the year. Looking at our comparable store sales, both sales out from company-owned stores and comparable sales into independent stores performed relatively in line with each other, approximately flat for the year. Turning to our product category performance for the year. We continue to see relative strength from our nondiscretionary repair categories, which accounts for approximately 50% of NAPA's business, up low single digits in 2024. We General maintenance and service categories like braking, filters and chemicals, which represents about approximately 35% of our business, were also up low single digits versus the prior year. And lastly, we continue to see softer demand in discretionary categories, which represent approximately 15% of the business, down mid-single digits from last year. While 2024 market growth proved to be softer than expected, we were encouraged by the progress we've made to improve NAPA's capabilities, service and position in the market. Our back-to-basics mindset has driven material improvement in our internal metrics around inventory stocking levels, customer service and on-time delivery. As an example, we're making notable progress improving the operations inside our current DCs, our internal metric for service levels from our DCs to stores improved almost 800 basis points in 2024, and our safety metrics improved by approximately 20%. And we did all of this while investing in inventory and flowing more product through our facilities to ensure we have the right part in the right place at the right time. While much of the focus at NAPA in 2024 was ensuring we are executing the key aspects of the customer experience at a high level, we continue to make investments in the business to position us for long-term success. We're investing in the supply chain at NAPA and completed the expansion of our Indianapolis distribution center, increasing capacity to support growing customer demand and improve delivery speed across key markets. This facility includes a significant technology and automation upgrade, which will drive cost efficiencies and inventory productivity. In addition, in 2025, we're leveraging our global scale to launch a professional hand in service tool and equipment offering that will allow us to further capitalize on a large and growing industry opportunity. Our acquisition of MPEC and Walker are on track relative to operational plans and financial targets. In total, we've integrated approximately 55% of the stores into NAPA technology platforms which enables consistent control of local operations. In 2024, the transactions delivered sales, gross margin and operating profit margin benefit as expected. We've been pleased with the progress to date, and we'll continue to execute our post-close integration strategies. While the broader consumer continues to feel pressure from macro headwinds like high interest rates and persistent cost inflation, the automotive aftermarket industry fundamentals remain supportive of long-term growth, including increasing miles driven and aging car parc and high new and used vehicle pricing. In addition, we view commercial customers as the growth engine of the industry as the complexity of vehicles continues to increase. With this backdrop, NAPA operates from a position of strength with 80% of our business concentrated in commercial, supported by our network of more than 6,000 store locations and approaching 20,000 AutoCare centers. In 2025, NAPA will celebrate 100 years of history, a truly remarkable accomplishment. We're thrilled to celebrate this milestone, but we're even more excited for what the next 100 years is going to bring. As we look at our results outside the U.S. In Europe, throughout 2024, we navigated a weak economic backdrop, which resulted in a lack of market growth for the aftermarket. In 2024, total sales were up 6% in local currency, with flat comparable sales growth. These results reflect ongoing execution of our initiatives, including key account wins, expanding the NAPA brand and strategic bolt-on acquisitions. In 2024, we grew NAPA branded sales 16% versus 2023 to €500 million, a remarkable accomplishment since its launch five years ago and a testament to the power of the NAPA brand. The rollout of NAPA across Europe has been a competitive differentiator, especially in a challenging market and has far exceeded our expectations. NAPA branded sales now represent approximately 15% of our sales in Europe and we can see a path of this penetration climbing to over 20% over the next four to five years. In our other international geographies, Asia Pacific and Canada, we continue to enjoy leading market positions despite challenging market conditions. In Asia Pacific, sales in 2024 increased 6% in local currency with comparable sales growth up approximately 4%. Our Asia Pacific team continues to execute at a high level delivering their fifth consecutive year of double-digit profit growth. Their ability to drive market share gains, deliver strong operating leverage and strategically and consistently invest for the future has been instrumental in their success. In Canada, total sales in 2024 increased approximately 1% in local currency, with comparable sales growth down approximately 2%. Our Canadian team continues to execute well despite a softer macroeconomic backdrop and a more cautious consumer. As I mentioned, our accomplishments and results around the world are bolstered by investment in technology and complemented by strategic acquisitions. Acquisitions have been a hallmark of GPC and 2024 was no different. During the year, we made progress on our initiative to own more of our NAPA stores here in the U.S., completing the acquisition of more than 500 stores, mostly from our independent owners. Our store footprint in the U.S. is now approximately 35% company-owned with the balance being our independently owned stores. Over time, we see a path to bring our network closer to a 50-50 mix. With our independent owners always continuing to play a critical role in our network, particularly in smaller and more rural markets. In addition, Motion acquired four bolt-on acquisitions in 2024 to build upon its technical and value-added solutions capabilities, and we've remained active to start 2025. Going forward, we believe M&A will continue to play an important part of our growth profile in both our automotive and industrial business. We play in two large and fragmented markets and enjoy the flexibility of a strong balance sheet. Beyond M&A, our global investments in technology are advancing well. This year, we're focused on improving catalog and search capabilities using Google Cloud. Enabling us to deliver a more seamless experience, particularly for our commercial customers. As examples, within our automotive catalog, we've made material enhancements that help our commercial customers find what they need, leading to lower order cancellations and returns. And we're now leveraging machine learning and automation to help our catalog continuously improve itself without the need for manual data entry. Within search, we used Google Cloud to build an automotive specific search experience, focused on our commercial customers. Our search results are now 4x faster, 2x more accurate all at half the cost. There are numerous other examples of progress within recent technology investments where we've leveraged our global scale to make us smarter, faster, better. For example, the recent completion of our global HR rollout with Workday to create a standardized company-wide platform that simplified 40 disparate HR platforms to one. In addition, we've ramped up our capabilities at our Poland tech center now comprised of nearly 300 engineers that lead global technology initiatives across pricing, inventory, catalog, search and cybersecurity. Not only has the tech center added capabilities and speed but also resulted in material cost savings. Less visible, but critically important, we've made material progress to simplify our core tech infrastructure as we've improved stability, performance and scalability. Looking ahead into 2025, we have opportunities to build on our momentum and drive organic growth by enhancing our customer value proposition, expanding market share and improving profitability through cost discipline. While we expect soft market conditions to persist into the first half of 2025, we anticipate gradual improvement as the year progresses. A key aspect of our outlook is the improvement in market conditions for both industrial and a rebound in the European landscape. Bert will walk you through the details of our assumptions in a few minutes. Our continued investments in strategic initiatives reflect our commitment to driving growth and improving efficiency. We're confident these actions will support sustainable growth and long-term value creation. While committed to our long-term strategic investments, we're also balancing the current environment with prudent and urgent cost actions. Our global restructuring efforts announced last year have progressed ahead of plan, delivering cost savings at the high end of expectations. Today, we announced that we're targeting an additional $100 million to $125 million of savings in 2025. These efforts continue our focus to simplify our operations and improve productivity. Collectively, our actions across 2024 and 2025 will position us for approximately $200 million in annualized cost savings beginning in 2026. In summary, while our full year financial results were impacted by challenging market conditions, we're encouraged by the operational progress we've made across our business. GPC's legacy of operational excellence, exceptional customer service and financial discipline continue to guide us. Our market-leading automotive and industrial businesses are well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities, driven by supportive long-term industry fundamentals while leveraging our size, global scale and expertise as a competitive advantage. We remain focused on creating value through a balanced capital allocation strategy, including reinvesting in our business, pursuing disciplined and accretive M&A and returning capital to shareholders through our long-standing dividend. In closing, I want to thank our GPC teammates for their continued hard work and dedication to serving our customers and to our shareholders for their continued trust and support. We look forward to building on our momentum in 2025 and well beyond. And now I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining the call. My remarks this morning will focus on two key areas: our fourth quarter performance, which was at the high end of our expectations and our outlook for 2025. Our fourth quarter results reflect revenue growth from the benefits of acquired businesses, which more than offset the negative impact of weak market conditions. As expected, despite the revenue growth and gross margin expansion we realized, earnings were down in the fourth quarter due to headwinds from planned investments in the business and cost inflation, although further cost actions and better results from our global restructuring allowed us to finish 2024 modestly ahead of our expectations when we began the quarter. Our discussion will focus primarily on adjusted results, which exclude the nonrecurring costs related to our global restructuring program, costs related to the acquisition of MPEC and Walker, and a charge to write down inventory related to a global rebranding and relaunch of a key product category. During the fourth quarter, these costs totaled $125 million of pretax adjustments, or $91 million after tax, with $62 million attributable to the inventory write-down. Starting with sales. Total GPC sales increased 3.3% in the fourth quarter, including a benefit from acquisitions of 320 basis points and the benefit of an additional selling day in the U.S. totaling 110 basis points. These items were partially offset by slightly negative comparable sales growth as weak market conditions and lower customer demand, particularly in industrial and Europe, impacted our sales performance. Looking at the quarterly sales by business unit. Starting with our Global Industrial segment, sales in the fourth quarter decreased approximately 1% compared to prior year, with comparable sales down 2%. During the quarter, we had one extra selling day compared to the fourth quarter of last year, which positively impacted sales growth by approximately 150 basis points. Average daily sales were down low single digits in October and November, and down mid-single digits in December. As expected, our December results were impacted by the timing of the holiday and extended customer idling during the last two weeks of the year given the weaker demand environment. As we look at Global Automotive, total sales in the fourth quarter increased approximately 6% compared to the prior year with comparable sales up slightly. In addition to the benefits from acquired businesses, during the fourth quarter, we had one extra selling day in the U.S., which positively impacted Global Automotive sales growth by approximately 90 basis points. By geography, starting in the U.S., total sales were up approximately 7% in the fourth quarter, aided by acquisitions with comparable sales flat. The extra day versus prior year positively impacted sales growth by approximately 170 basis points. Our average daily sales cadence through the quarter was positive in all three months. And within our DIY and DIFM customer segments, the trends in the fourth quarter were generally consistent with the full year commentary that Will shared. In our international markets, sales in Europe during the fourth quarter increased 3% in local currency with comparable sales down 1% as a result of weak macroeconomic conditions. In Asia Pacific, sales in the fourth quarter increased 14% in local currency, with comparable sales up approximately 6%. Both commercial and retail segments delivered solid growth with notable strength in retail. And finally, in Canada, total sales in the fourth quarter increased 1% in local currency, with comparable sales down approximately 1%, driven by challenging economic conditions. As we turn back to our consolidated results with respect to gross margin, after adjusting for the $62 million charge to write down inventory related to our global product rebranding, our adjusted gross margin was 36.9% in the fourth quarter, an increase of 50 basis points from last year. As expected, the improvement in gross margin was driven by acquisitions, primarily at U.S. automotive. Our adjusted SG&A as a percentage of sales for the fourth quarter was 29.4% up 210 basis points year-over-year and in line with our expectations. This deleverage can be attributed to the following factors. First, approximately 80 basis points from cost inflation, primarily in salaries and wages as well as rent and freight expense. Second, approximately 60 basis points from acquired businesses, which represents the isolated impact of the SG&A of these acquisitions. When taken together with the improved gross margin, the net operating profit benefit from acquisitions to GPC is positive. Further, as we capture the synergies we expect from these acquisitions, the SG&A impact will abate over time. Third, we experienced approximately 60 basis points of deleverage related to a reserve adjustment for product liability claims. This deleverage was partially offset by approximately 35 basis points related to our global restructuring efforts. Notably, the 60 basis point impact from the adjustment to our product liability reserve masked the sequential improvement in the deleverage in SG&A. As our cost actions and discipline in spending are having the intended effect of curbing the rate of increase. For the quarter, total adjusted EBITDA margin was 7.5% and down 180 basis points year-over-year. The decrease was primarily driven by the continued lower sales growth environment and higher cost inflation in wages, rent and freight. Partially offset by margin expansion driven by our acquisitions and a benefit from our restructuring efforts. Total adjusted EBITDA margin for 2024 was 8.5%, down 80 basis points from 2023. Our fourth quarter adjusted net income, which excludes nonrecurring expenses of $91 million after tax or $0.65 per diluted share was $224 million or $1.61 per diluted share. Our full year adjusted net income was $1.1 billion or $8.16 per diluted share. In 2024, we took actions to better align our costs with the current environment and made significant progress on our global restructuring. We incurred restructuring costs of $220 million and through our team's hard work we realized approximately $45 million of cost savings in 2024 or a benefit of $0.24 per share. Turning to our cash flows. For the year, we generated $1.3 billion in cash from operations and $684 million in free cash flow. In 2024, we invested approximately $570 million back into the business in the form of capital expenditures as we continued investment in our supply chain and IT systems. In addition, we invested $1.1 billion in the form of strategic acquisitions, including the acquisition of our two largest NAPA independent owners, MPEC and Walker. Now let's turn to our outlook for 2025. We expect diluted earnings per share, which includes the expenses related to our restructuring efforts to be in the range of $6.95 to $7.45. And our adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.75 to $8.25. Our 2025 outlook does not assume any changes in tariffs from the new administration and assumes current FX rates. Our outlook for 2025 has been developed based on current weak market conditions and lower customer demand levels as well as our expectations around the pace and timing of an improvement in market conditions. While the industries where we compete continue to enjoy supportive fundamentals, the near-term market conditions remain muted as our customers navigate cost inflation, high interest rates, a dynamic foreign currency market, and the emerging potential for impacts from tariffs. In addition, as further detailed in our earnings release, our 2025 outlook excludes the previously announced onetime noncash charge, we expect to record when our U.S. pension plan termination settles expected for late 2025 or early 2026, which we intend to treat as a non-GAAP adjustment. We've excluded the impact of this charge from our 2025 guidance given the uncertainty of when the plan termination will settle which is dependent upon several regulatory steps and approvals. We will provide additional updates regarding the expected timing of completing the pension plan termination as we move through 2025. On slide 12 of our earnings presentation, we've included an illustration of the key business drivers impacting our 2025 outlook. Let me take a moment and walk through the details of these components which collectively produce approximately $1 of EPS headwind in 2025 when compared to 2024. First, as I just mentioned, we have begun the process to transition our U.S. pension plan to a third-party insurance company, which we expect to complete in late 2025 or early 2026. In 2024, we recognized approximately $67 million of income from our U.S. pension plan. In connection with the transition, the plan's assets have been reallocated and as such, our pension income in 2025 will be significantly lower with an impact of an estimated $0.28 per share when compared to 2024. Second, through the fourth quarter, we have seen notable moves in the foreign currency markets, which have put downward pressure on the euro, Canadian dollar and Australian dollar. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar on a relative basis against these currencies is expected to have a negative impact of $0.15 per share year-over-year. Finally, our planned investments in the business will result in higher depreciation and interest expense. On a year-over-year basis, we expect these two items will negatively impact 2025 earnings per share by approximately $0.60. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, I do want to share our views on the earnings cadence for 2025 and our expectations for the first half. Our sales outlook for 2025 is predicated on a steady improvement through the course of the year with weak market growth continuing into the first half of 2025 before improving in the second half. The pace and timing of the recovery of activity in both segments is a key element of our outlook. Given our views on the sales backdrop for 2025 within the EPS guidance range we provided for the year, we expect earnings to be down in the first and second quarters, rebounding with earnings growth in the third and fourth quarters, with results improving sequentially across each quarter. Based on our current expectations, we would expect first half earnings to be down 15% to 20% and second half earnings to be up 15% to 20%. For the first quarter, we expect earnings to be down in the range of 20% to 30% from prior year, driven by several factors: one less selling day, lower pension income, higher depreciation and interest expense, the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, and a weaker industrial market when compared to the first quarter of 2024. For the second quarter, we expect earnings to be down and pressured by the negative impact of depreciation, foreign currency and interest as well as lower pension income. As we look to the specific elements of our outlook, we expect total sales growth to be in the range of 2% to 4%. Our outlook assumes that market growth will be roughly flat and that the benefit from inflation will be approximately 1%. It also assumes the benefit from M&A carryover and about one point of growth from our strategic initiatives. These benefits are partially offset by the one less day in the first quarter and about one point of headwind from foreign exchange. For gross margin, we expect 40 to 60 basis points of full year gross margin expansion, driven by our continuous focus on our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives as well as a benefit from the independent store acquisitions in U.S. automotive. Our outlook assumes that SG&A will deleverage between 20 and 40 basis points. Our SG&A outlook is driven by continued cost inflation pressures and the impact of incremental SG&A from acquisitions in the U.S. automotive business. These impacts are partially offset by the expected benefits from our global restructuring activities. For 2025, we are expanding upon our restructuring initiatives and taking further cost actions. We expect to incur additional restructuring expenses in 2025 in the range of $150 million to $180 million associated with these activities with an expected benefit of $100 million to $125 million. When fully annualized in 2026, we expect our 2024 and 2025 restructuring efforts and cost actions to deliver approximately $200 million in cost savings. By business segment, we are guiding to the following: 2% to 4% total sales growth for the automotive segment with comparable sales growth in the flat to up 2% range. The expectation for automotive segment EBITDA margin is to be flat to up 10 basis points from last year. For the industrial segment, we expect total sales growth of 2% to 4% with comparable sales growth in the 1% to 3% range. We expect Global Industrial segment EBITDA margin to expand by approximately 20 to 40 basis points year-over-year. Turning to a few other items of interest. We expect to generate cash flow from operations in a range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion and free cash flow of $800 million to $1 billion. For CapEx, we expect approximately $400 million to $450 million or approximately 2% of revenue in 2025 at the high end of the range, moderated from 2024 as we drive further rigor and prioritization into capital allocation in light of the market conditions. As we look at M&A, our global pipeline remains robust and we will continue to remain disciplined in pursuing opportunities that create value. We expect our M&A capital deployment to moderate as well in 2025 to a range of $300 million to $350 million as our investment in U.S. automotive returns to a more normalized level of activity. As we start 2025, we continue to operate in challenging market conditions and are taking actions including advancing our global restructuring activities to improve the profitability of the business. We believe the backdrop of lower sales growth is market driven not specific to our business, and we stand well positioned once the cycle turns more favorable. We remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business, and we'll continue to invest in the business with a long-term focus. Thank you, and we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Your line is now open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Guys, thanks. You guys have made a lot of investments. Imagine changes on the auto side, but North American comp growth has slowed further, and it is lagging a bunch of the other industry leaders. Can you help us reconcile operational improvements, for some of this underperformance, and when would you expect to see your operational improvements start to show through, on relative sales or market share?
Will Stengel: [technical difficulty] Great. Some of these are quick wins, some of these are longer efforts. And so in the aggregate, I think we feel good about the body of work, and as we're working with our independent owners more actively, to make sure that they're energized and motivated, to compete and sell in the market with us, making really good progress on our company-owned stores, and feel really good about the team that we've got on the field. So long winded way of saying, we're proud of the work that we're doing, pleased with the progress, but not satisfied and look forward to continuing to progress, as we move forward.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. I'm sorry, I might have missed the very beginning of that. Can you just help reconcile kind of the underperformance versus some of the others? Obviously you've made a lot of improvements internally. I think the operator might have lost us for a second.
Will Stengel: Yes, Scot, I think what I described is, we're proud of the progress that we're making. We're putting the right work into the business. We're seeing strength in parts of our commercial business as a result of our targeted work. And as we described, we're realizing some of the softness in some of the discretionary business. But pleased with the non-discretionary and doing the right work, to advance us moving forward. So each and every month we're getting better, and we're excited about the progress as we look forward.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. I'll take the rest offline. Thanks guys.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning guys. My first question is, can you give us some guidance on how you think about the progression of the comps over the year? You gave good discussion around the earnings forecast, but how are you expecting the ramping comps in Motion in the U.S. NAPA business in particular? And related to that and Scot's question, the U.S. business didn't really get any benefit from what turned out, to be a pretty good winter in the month of December. So can you talk about what happened there as well?
Bert Nappier: Hi Chris, it's Bert. I'll give you a little bit more color on the cadence of 2025. I think at the highest level, just think about our sales outlook in terms of, we exited the year with pretty weak conditions across the board. And as I think we've talked about, really one of the first times in GPC history, where all five of our business units are feeling the downward cycle in the same way. We're going to start the year in that position. So we have expectations that this weak environment, will persist through the first half. We don't really get into giving individual sales guidance, by business unit. But I will say that we're looking for the second half to be better, to improve and we're looking for sequential improvement across the year. As I kind of outlined in my prepared remarks, with the cadence of earnings and with that backdrop. Obviously, we would have the expectation that sales and comp sales would progress, through the course of the year, to support that improvement in earnings. So I think we'll be looking to the second half. There are a lot of moving pieces out there right now in, which I think the market is reacting to some pretty muted conditions. Whether it's high interest rates, inflation, foreign currency, the emerging potential for tariff impacts, which we obviously did not include in our guide. There's some things to be very optimistic about, but cautiously optimistic and being prudent about sequential improvement in PMI and IP, which we've seen over the last three months. So that would be a benefit for Motion that, has a lag to it, about a two to three months' lag. And so if those things continue, then that would put us right in the middle of the year in, which we might see some improvement. And that would come alongside hopefully, some improvement in the customer side of the house, on the automotive business. But look, there's still things to watch. We're watching that industrial business, and we're watching Europe to a certain degree as well.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. I guess on the - two questions, one follow-up on the weather benefit in U.S. NAPA, but were you surprised not to see any improvement there? And second, on the Motion side of the business, obviously the elections behind us, you saw the PMI pick up, but tariffs have gotten full front and center in the news. What are you hearing from your customers? Do you think the tariff is something that could remain an overhang, until it fully goes away, such that that pushes out that Motion recovery in the PMI recovery?
Will Stengel: Hi Chris, I'll take the weather point and just say, look, don't forget the fourth quarter started with some pretty significant disruption from the hurricanes. So as we started October, we were still feeling the impact in both segments of the hurricane that persisted really through the month of October, and perhaps into the first week of November, where we got back on our feet. You top and tail that with some better weather in December, from an automotive perspective in terms of winter weather, and driving sales. And I would say that weather, which is why we really didn't call it out for the quarter, was a push. When you take those two factors together. And I'll let Will give you some color on the tariff question, around industrial.
Will Stengel: Yes look, I think it's a wait and see, Chris. Honestly, I would say that the tone of the discussions are biased, more positive as we've started the year, but I think everybody is cautious and staying agile. Obviously, as we think about the implications for Motion associated with a stronger North American manufacturing base, that's a huge tailwind. If you think about our tariff exposure at Genuine Parts Company. I would tell you that it's definitely a fluid situation, but we've been prepared for this moment. Our merchandising teams around the world have done really good work, to make sure that we've got a diversified global supply chain. And in fact, even in the course of the fourth quarter, we analyzed the country of origin across 800,000 SKUs, to make sure that we were exceptionally precise about, how to manage the business. And if you look at the key takeaways from that analysis, for GPC overall as a global company, our tariff exposure as a percent of purchases, is about 7% in China, and less than 5% in Mexico and Canada. Motion has almost 90% to 95% of its exposure in the U.S. the area of the business that has exposure to China, Mexico, Canada as a percentage of total GPC is NAPA. Where roughly 20% of purchases are China, 15% are Mexico and less than 5% in Canada. So we've got a good handle on the facts. The discussions with the vendors right now, I would describe similarly to the way that I describe customers, which is everybody's trying to make sense of, which way the wind's blowing. And the good news, is the team's prepared to react accordingly, as we did a couple of years ago, where we operate in rational markets that are structured where we have the ability, to deliver service to the customer, but also pass through price.
Chris Horvers: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Melich: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to double click on two things. One, is that sales progression you talked about. Obviously we exited last year week. It sounds like we started this year, below the sales growth range that you're expecting for the year. Is that fair to say that it's below maybe, perhaps positive, but below the 2% to 4% range?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Greg, that's fair. I mean, we're looking at 2% to 4% for the full year, with some fat cap weighting to that as I described in my prepared remarks, particularly when you think about the shape of the earnings. So we would start in a little lower position, and end in a little higher position. And that'll get you to the math of the 2% to 4%.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then maybe Will double click on tariffs. Remind us your business proposition around tariffs. And if you look to protect gross margin dollars, or protect gross margin rate, depending on how tariffs play out by country and product line?
Will Stengel: Yes, Greg, I would say it depends. Honestly, we talk a lot about category management, and managing the assortment and the category at a pretty granular level. So there might be situations, where you're thinking about gross margin dollars, or profit dollars and there might be situations, where you're talking gross profit rate. So it's a balancing act. Obviously, gross margin rate is important to the financial expression of our business. And so all else equal, that's something that we consider.
Greg Melich: Got it. And if I could, I just want to make sure on interest expense, a housekeeping item still $150 million this year. Does that include basically the lack of the pension income since that being divested?
Bert Nappier: No, Greg, not in the interest expense number we gave you. Pension income is a headwind, as I described in our prepared remarks. It's down from the year-over-year $0.28 estimated headwind for the year. But that's not a part of the interest expense book that in…
Greg Melich: That's totally separate from that. And that'll show up as soon as it's actually divested, or before that?
Bert Nappier: Yes, it's actually before that. We had to reallocate and rebalance the portfolio of assets in connection with the transfer, which is why we have the headwind. The actual settlement is subject to numerous regulatory and approval steps, which is why the timing we expect to be in the fourth quarter, could slip into the first quarter of next year. We wanted to be clear about when that timing might occur, because we go through that regulatory process. But to prepare the plan assets for the transition, we rebalance the portfolio much less equity weighted. And so in that respect, the income will be down significantly year-over-year. And you can think about that $0.20, $0.28 sorry. Pretty radically across the year.
Greg Melich: Perfect. Thank you and good luck.
Bert Nappier: Yes. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is now open.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. One of the key debates on the Genuine Parts investment case, is this idea of market share, and why has the company's North American business, not only in the automotive business, but also seemingly on the industrial side, been losing market share? Is it service, is it availability, or some other factors? So A, could you give us some more detail on how the investments, are going to close, some of these factors that may be driving underperformance. And B, is the expectation that you will see a progression over the course of the year, predicated on an acceleration in market share, or the industry accelerating? Thank you very much. And I have a follow-up.
Will Stengel: Michael, let me take that one and make a few points. First of all, you referenced North America automotive. And for us, our Canadian operations continue to perform very well and in line with the market. So that's a great business up there. It's got a leadership position, and continues to extend its lead. I would respectfully disagree with your observation about Motion North America, not competing effectively or losing market share. Our closest competitor has a slightly different mix of business. Regardless of that, I think if you look at our performance relative to anybody in the market is as good or better, and we're excited to continue to prove that quarter-after-quarter throughout '25 and well beyond. On the U.S. automotive side of our business, I think we've been pretty clear about the areas where we're investing, to take care of our customers and win market share. It starts with inventory. It starts with supply chain. It starts with talent. It starts with sales intensity running great stores. As we have a different operating model. So 35% of our stores, our company-owned, which is up 10 percentage points versus not that long ago. So we're evolving our mix. We can control those operations and compete effectively in the market. W partner on the balance of our stores, with our independent owners. And as everybody knows, it's been a challenging couple of years in a higher interest rate environment. And we partner with those independent owners as small businesses, to make sure they've got the right inventory, make sure they have the right resources and make sure that they're attacking the market effectively. And so, whether you look at our MPEC and Walker acquisition to change the mix. Whether you look at some of the investments we're putting in supply chain technology, we're doing all the right work, and there's no team more motivated than our NAPA U.S. team to compete effectively, and win market share. Overlay with what we hope will be an improving fundamental market backdrop as we move through 2025. So to answer the last part of your question, it's both earning our fair share by taking care of our customers. And then enjoying the fundamentals that we hope improve, as we move forward through 2025.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much for that. My follow-up question is, if the industry doesn't accelerate to the degree that you're expecting, or some of the market share trends become more challenging, how should we model or think about the sensitivity of the earnings, for GPC to the top line? Are there other elements of the P&L that you could manage in the event that sales falls short through the course of the year? Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Michael. Look, I mean, I think one of the things that we've been very thoughtful about, is the expansion of our cost actions and restructuring in light of what we see as soft conditions starting the year. We've given a good estimate of what we think we'll do this year on the expansion of restructuring, and additional cost actions. And we're doing that, because we believe it's prudent to balance the long-term and the short-term right now. We do have an ability to lean further into those should we need to. Some of the things we're being very mindful of right now, as we think about restructuring and cost actions, is continuing to protect customer-facing roles, protect customer service and protect the customer experience. And so, we've got an ability to lean in a little bit further, if we want, particularly if we see things not changing. One of our key learnings from 2024 has been around this sense of urgency, and moving faster. And so, we're going to be much tighter on watching how things develop. Being transparent with all of you, on how we see things developing. And if we need to accelerate more restructuring, we will. We do feel like we've found a sweet spot for 2025 as we bring in the rollover of 2024 actions. Which give us a little bit more incremental benefit in '25, and then the new actions really spilt between things you would expect, us to do on restructuring, a little heavier lift now, though, some more facility actions and leaning into streamlining our back office. We're also doing that with some cost actions. Where we're simplifying our operations, and giving us the ability to be a little bit more nimble. So it's all about smarter, better, faster. And to the extent we need to, we can expand those activities, and react to the market accordingly.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much and good luck.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Michael.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Just with regards to the automotive comments about same-store sales. What is driving EBITDA margins flat to up? Is it the cost savings? And our second question is, is there a target in cadence of buying back independent's in 2025? And what kind of lift have you seen in same-store sales comp, as you've taken those businesses over?
Bert Nappier: Kate, I'll take the margin question, and then I'll let Will give you some color on the independent owners. But when we think about flat to up 10 bps on automotive for the guide for the year, we kind of think about that through the prism of several things. One, we are going to see continued expansion in gross margin. So that will be a lift for sure. I think it sales backdrop will be a bit better. Giving us a little bit better ability, to navigate the entirety of the P&L and make some better choices with that respect. And then also, these cost actions and restructuring, we'll see those benefit both segments. So it's not just unique to automotive, both sides of the house are being disciplined and tightening the belt. And so when we take all that collectively. A better sales environment, gross margin expansion, a normalized level of inflation in SG&A, we think we're returning to in 2025 and the cost actions. We believe that's the right backdrop, to expand margin on the automotive side. And I'll let Will give you a little bit of color, on the independent owner and cadence there.
Will Stengel: Yes, Kate, it's a good question. So just as a reminder, the MPEC and Walker those two transactions in 2024 were, at the time, our largest two independent owner groups. If you look at the Pareto of our independent owners at this moment in time, of which there's roughly 2,000, our largest owner is somewhere in the 50 to 60 store range. We have a handful of folks in the 30 to 40 range. And then the vast majority of our owners operate five, or fewer stores. And so, as we look forward from an M&A standpoint in U.S. automotive, there will be less of a material impact to our financial statements associated with that activity. What we've seen in the performance post close, is what we would have expected to see, which is it gives us an opportunity to influence sales in the local market. It gives us the opportunity to harmonize and optimize cost and everything in between. So it's the right operational strategy. It's the right financial strategy, it's hard work. It takes time. You noticed in my comments, where 55% of stores are integrated. You have to put the systems into the independent owner stores, so that we can operate them effectively. And those activities are not technically in our comp sales growth yet given the recent nature of the acquisitions.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. Will, in response to Michael Lasser's question, you noted the challenges for independent NAPA customers. But in your prepared remarks, you noted that the company-owned stores and independent stores, aren't relatively in line. Can you just give us a little bit more color on whether, or not you think that the company-owned stores are facing any additional challenges that, might be leading to less strong performance than peers?
Will Stengel: No, Seth, I don't think there's anything uniquely different about our company-owned stores that disadvantage us relative the market. Again as I said, we've been very focused on executing the basics, and working with our independent owners to that regard, meaning having the right inventory, having the right talent in the stores, having the right operational processes. And if you look at our company-owned stores, we're highly energized, because we've got a great number of stores that operate very effectively. And the opportunity set available to us, is to quartile up the performance of the bottom quartile of our stores. So it's a very tangible body of work. There's nothing wrong with our company-owned stores. We've got some independent owners that have excellent stores in many instances, better stores than us. And so, we're constantly learning from each other, and we can see the opportunities in front of us and each and every day, we've got to go to work. And make sure that we're running great field operations and taking care of our customers, and that's what we're focused on.
Seth Basham: Got it. And then my follow-up question, is with one large competitor exiting the West Coast, do you see any opportunity to gain market share out there?
Will Stengel: We do, Seth. Any time I think you have changes in the competitive landscape, it presents opportunities. The thing that we can focus on, as I've said a few times today is making sure that we're running a good business, to capture those opportunities. So the fundamental execution, is really important to seize the moments. We do have a big national account business. We are a national scaled partner. And so that presents opportunities to us. We obviously have a dedicated network of AutoCare facilities and repair shops, which creates opportunities for us, and we also have independent owners. And so, if you look at all the opportunities that are available, when we execute well locally in the markets, we're excited about what it could be.
Seth Basham: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning, guys.
Will Stengel: Hi, Bret.
Bret Jordan: In the prepared remarks, you talked about internal metrics that you were working on the DCs that, had picked up 800 basis points. Could you talk about what were those and on what basis were you having fill rate issues that you were dealing with? Or I guess, sort of what's happening at the DC level?
Will Stengel: Yes, the DCs are performing as well as they ever have been, as we've talked about over the last couple of years. We've made changes to the way in, which we've organized our operations teams, and made it more of a centralized function that's enabled us, to put more consistent processes into the network. And I think, what you're seeing in the recent quarters, is the result of basically really, really good, disciplined hard work from our supply chain, and operations teams around the country. We've got a great leader in that part of our business, and we have opportunities, to continue to get better. So we're excited.
Bret Jordan: That 800 basis point increase is not off of a low base. It sort of seems like a dramatic step up, and it was in the prepared remarks. So I was, wondering if there was something that needed fixing?
Will Stengel: It really wasn't. It wasn't, Bret. I think, quite frankly, some of these metrics that we put into in a more standardized way, are new to the buildings. Not every building was using the same metrics. And so, one of the nice things about having consistent processes, as you can level up everybody across the network. So nothing really to read into the improvement.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then I think also in the prepared remarks, you talked about a tool offering. Is there any more color we could get on that? Is that a new category for '25?
Will Stengel: It's not a new category. It's a super important category. So if you look at the tools and equipment industry, we estimate it to be 10 plus billion market opportunity. We played in that market space forever. And as we looked at and listen to the feedback from our customers, we took that input to reimagine a more effective assortment strategy. And so, we've got a brand today. We're making it better. It's targeting particularly the professional repair shop - so as the commercial leader, it's important to have this offering. It's about a 8% category T&E for us as part of our NAPA business. And this specific offering is a much smaller portion of that, but we think it's critically important to take care of that professional repair technician.
Bret Jordan: You're not adding SKUs, you're just emphasizing more of what you already have?
Bert Nappier: We're simplifying and streamlining the assortment from think of it as a good, better, best to a more focused two-tier brand strategy.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Tuesday, October 22, 2024. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Walsh, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Walsh: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Genuine Parts Company's third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining us on the call today are Will Stengel, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company's website. Today's call is being webcast, and a replay will also be made available on the company's website after the call. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for questions, the responses to which will reflect management's views as of today, October 22, 2024. If we're unable to get to your questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results, as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the companies and its businesses, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. With that, let me turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2024 earnings call. As always, I'd like to start by thanking our global teammates for their hard work serving our customers. And I'd also like to acknowledge all those who were negatively impacted by the devastating hurricanes in the U.S. I'm proud of our teams as they rally together to take care of each other and our customers. Our culture shines through with our teammates going above and beyond to navigate the challenge. Taking care of our communities is a pillar of our mission at GPC and we'll continue to support impacted communities through our partners at the American Red Cross. Let me also welcome Jenn Hulett to GPC. Jenn joined GPC in August as our new Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer, responsible for advancing the company's global talent and culture initiatives. This is a critical area of focus as we continuously strive to be an employer of choice. We look forward to Jenn's many contributions. Before I get into the results for the quarter, I'd like to take a few moments to provide an update on the business and share my perspective after nearly six months in the role as CEO. GPC has a great legacy. NAPA will celebrate its 100th anniversary next year. Motion is a market-leading value-added industrial solutions business founded in 1946 and our international automotive businesses in Europe, Asia Pacific and Canada have similar long proud histories. Together, GPC is a differentiated business with compelling opportunities individually and collectively as one GPC team in each of the global markets we serve. As we leverage the size, scale and strength of our company in our fragmented industries, we're intensely focused on evolving the business and leaning into the initiatives around talent and culture, technology, supply chain and sales effectiveness that we shared at our last Investor Day. Transformation and investment across all industries is critical as customers' needs and markets continue to evolve at increasing speeds. I'm confident that we're doing the right hard work for GPC's long-term benefit as we look to not only extend our existing competitive advantages, but also create new ones. Most importantly, our legacy has created financial strength, both in terms of our cash flow and our balance sheet to thoughtfully pursue these actions through business cycles. Our capital allocation discipline is elevated as we work to methodically balance foundational, growth and innovative investments across the most attractive and strategic GPC opportunities. In parallel, we're committed to growing our long-standing dividend. We acknowledge that these strategic investments come with near-term trade-offs, including higher costs that are amplified by sluggish market conditions and an underlying inflationary cost environment, in turn pressuring results as seen in the third quarter. We're balancing the medium and long-term by offsetting current headwinds with a back-to-basics customer and operational excellence mindset, which is gaining traction as evidenced by improved internal operating metrics. We're also managing core operating costs through global restructuring activities, which are on track to deliver the intended impact. And we continuously pursue initiatives to simplify the business and further enhance our productivity. As we close out 2024 and look ahead to 2025, I want to highlight select examples of actions that reinforce our enthusiasm for GPC's future. At Motion, we continue to extend our value proposition with our customers with tools, technology and expertise to drive embedded solutions that create value and efficiency for our customers. Further, our investments in automation to address customers' productivity needs and mobilizing our technical sales expertise to capitalize on reshoring and nearshoring activity present meaningful new opportunities for us. At our U.S. automotive business, we've invested in inventory to drive better availability by broadening our assortment, while simultaneously improving operational productivity. These investments, combined with actions to improve our delivery times from stores have strengthened our daily value proposition. The quality of the NAPA brand is differentiated and our longstanding local relationships, geographic footprint and expertise position us to continue to lead in the do-it-for-me segment. The recently announced refinement to the U.S. automotive operating model will drive greater commercial opportunities in key markets across the U.S., improving revenue growth and profitability over time. Underpinning these activities are critical investments in technology, that include automation of DCs with next generation robotics, enhancements to the customer digital experience, including better search and catalog capabilities and modernization of our store systems. These investments will position us to deliver a better customer experience and capture growth moving forward. We're also leveraging 250 world-class engineers at our global tech center in Krakow, Poland to build software for global initiatives, including innovative products with emerging technology. And finally, by leaning into our One GPC operating philosophy, we're unlocking the synergies that exist between our automotive and industrial businesses globally, with meaningful value creation opportunities ahead as we implement as an example, our reenergized approach to IT collaboration across the globe to simplify and harmonize our operations. In total, our initiatives are designed to create a better customer experience and generate growth in excess of the market, reduce costs and deliver attractive returns. All our efforts are at different levels of maturity, but all have exciting runway. Our operating cadence as a global leadership team is designed to challenge ourselves and each other, each day to be faster, smarter and better. The decisions to pursue long-term investment are difficult in the face of near-term market headwinds. But we believe, that these investments will increase the intrinsic value of GPC over time. Our financial results were obviously below our expectations in the third quarter, driven by various market factors that we expect to be temporary in nature. But we are confident that we're doing the right body of work to make the company better. Now turning to the third quarter. Note that our results include the impacts of two major hurricanes, Beryl and Helene and the start of the fourth quarter has been affected by Hurricane Milton. For the third quarter, total GPC sales were approximately $6 billion, an increase of 2.5% year-over-year due to the benefits of an extra selling day in the U.S. and acquisitions, particularly in U.S. automotive. However, continued softness in market conditions across our global geographies negatively impacted our sales growth in the quarter relative to our expectations, with the most pronounced impacts in Europe and our global industrial business. The weaker demand environment continues to be impacted by interest rates, combined with persistent cost inflation and election and geopolitical uncertainty. These factors are impacting our customers, most notably with tightened budgets and reduced spending for capital projects in our industrial business and reduced spending in general maintenance and discretionary categories across our automotive segment. The weak sales environment along with cost pressure in wages and rent expense plus anticipated headwinds from depreciation and interest expense resulted in adjusted earnings being down year-over-year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share in the third quarter was $1.88, down from $2.49 last year. Our results for the third quarter missed our expectations. Our outlook in July, included anticipated improvements in market conditions in Europe and global industrial activity, neither of which materialized. Our original expectation for the third quarter included flat industrial sales growth. Actual reported results ended up down low-single-digits. In Europe, we expected low-single-digit organic growth, actual results ended up flat. The combination of these market headwinds contributed to over $140 million in lower sales in the quarter versus our expectations. Given our results to-date and our expectation that these weaker market conditions will likely persist for the balance of the year, we've adjusted our 2024 outlook accordingly. While many of these factors are outside of our control, we remain focused on controlling what we can and we're confident in eventual market tailwinds. Bert will provide a clear explanation of the impact of hurricanes, variation drivers versus prior year and our third quarter expectations, as well as our updated outlook in his prepared comments shortly. Looking at our results by business segment. During the third quarter, total sales for Global Industrial were $2.2 billion, a decrease of approximately 1% versus the same period last year and comparable sales were down 2%. During the quarter, we had one extra selling day, compared to the third quarter of last year, which positively impacted total sales growth by approximately 140 basis points. Looking at the cadence for the quarter, average daily sales were down mid-single-digits in July, relatively flat in August and down mid-single-digits in September. Lagging industrial production activity continues to be the main headwind for our industrial business, as we're now in the longest period of contraction for PMI in over 33-years. While this period of contraction has lasted longer than many expected, history does show us that we typically see a long period of attractive growth once the index inflects into expansion territory. During the third quarter, three of our 14 end-markets we track showed positive average daily sales growth year-over-year. We saw relative strength coming from pulp and paper and our distribution and logistics segment, which was offset by weakness in equipment and machinery, lumber and wood and iron and steel. Within industrial, our core MRO business has remained relatively flat year-over-year with continued strength across corporate accounts through the year. However, customer spending related to capital projects, which represents approximately 20% of sales has been down mid-single-digits versus prior year. We continue to hear from customers considering capital projects that they are pausing, not canceling these plans until they have better visibility into the interest rate environment and the outcome of the election in the U.S. As the market leader, Motion is well positioned to capitalize on the eventual improvement in the manufacturing economy, near and long-term to expand our customer base and profitably grow share of wallet in this highly fragmented market. As a testament to Motion's value proposition and customer service, Motion has already received Supplier of the Year awards from six of its largest 25 customers in 2024, surpassing the total it received in the previous four years combined. Industrial segment profit in the third quarter was $259 million, down approximately 8% versus prior year and 11.9% of sales, representing an approximate 100 basis point decrease from the same period last year, driven by sales deleverage combined with wage inflation and higher depreciation expense. Turning to the Global Automotive segment. Sales in the third quarter were $3.8 billion, an increase of approximately 5% with comparable store sales up slightly. During the quarter, we had one extra selling day in the U.S., compared to prior year, which positively impacted Global Automotive sales growth by approximately 90 basis points. Similar to the first half of the year, the Global Automotive sales benefit from inflation remained less than 1% in the third quarter and we expect the same in the fourth quarter. Global Automotive segment profit in the third quarter was $262 million, down approximately 19% versus prior year and 6.9% of sales, down from 8.9% of sales in the same period last year. Our third quarter results for Global Automotive segment reflect ongoing pressures from a soft sales environment and cost pressures, particularly in Europe and the U.S. Now let's turn to our Automotive business performance by geography. Starting in Europe, our team delivered total sales growth of approximately 6% in local currency with comparable sales flat. During the third quarter, overall market growth remained muted, down low-single-digits, which was consistent with the second quarter. The weak economic backdrop in Europe is being driven by an elevated level of deferred maintenance attributable to real wage declines, unemployment, higher interest rates and uncertain political and geopolitical situations. In addition, the benefit from same SKU inflation was less than 1%, while the prior year benefit was mid-single-digits. As we look at the economic backdrop in three key European markets; Germany, France and the U.K., higher interest rates continue to negatively impact consumer purchasing power across these three geographies. Furthermore, higher unemployment rates and real wage declines in France and Germany have contributed to softer spending at the consumer level. Collectively, these factors are driving weak consumer confidence across the three markets. Despite this challenging environment, our team continues to outpace the market growth and win share, driven in part by our initiatives with key accounts and the rollout of the NAPA brand, which is a competitive differentiator. In the Asia Pac Automotive business, sales in the third quarter increased approximately 7% in local currency with comparable sales growth of 4%. Sales for both commercial and retail increased in the third quarter with continued strength in retail, particularly in Australia. The macro environment is also challenging in the region with Australia experiencing the weakest economic growth in nearly three decades and New Zealand currently is in its second recession in 18-months. However, our teams are executing well, extending our industry-leading position and taking market share. In Canada, sales increased 1% in local currency during the third quarter with comparable sales decreasing 1%. Our Canadian team continues to perform despite ongoing pressure from a more cautious consumer and difficult macro environment. Sales in automotive and heavy vehicle performed similar in -- during the quarter, with both having positive growth. Lastly, in the U.S., Automotive sales increased 4% during the third quarter with comparable sales essentially flat. The extra day versus the same quarter last year positively impacted sales growth by approximately 160 basis points. Our growth was also driven by acquisitions, most notably the acquisition of MPEC that we completed in May. The sales results were broadly in line with our expectations as we believe we're benefiting from the actions that we've detailed over the last few quarters to improve our execution, and we're seeing a positive impact in the marketplace. Our average daily sales cadence through the quarter was positive in all three months with July being the softest month. Sales to our commercial customers increased low-single-digits in the quarter while sales to do-it-yourself customers was down mid-single digits. Within Commercial, fleet and government, auto care and other wholesale were all positive, while major accounts underperformed the Group, but improved sequentially as we remain focused on profitable growth within the major account segment. On a comparable basis, sales from company-owned stores were slightly positive, while comparable sales into our independent stores were down slightly. More broadly for U.S. Automotive, to provide additional perspective on the cautious consumer, on a year-to-date basis, our non-discretionary repair categories, which accounts for approximately 50% of NAPA's business were up low to mid-single-digits. Our general maintenance categories, which represents approximately 35% of our business, were flat year-over-year, driven by continued cautious end-consumer, who is deferring certain service and maintenance-related purchases. Discretionary categories, representing approximately 15% of the business, were down mid-single-digits. We continue to invest in our U.S. Automotive business for growth and build on significant improvements in service over the past year. During the quarter, we further invested in inventory, increasing the SKU coverage in our company-owned stores by approximately 10%, while driving further productivity in our DCs, which resulted in a more than 8% increase in our internal DC service metrics. We're encouraged with the continued progress and have seen a material improvement in our customer service and store delivery metrics. We will obviously, continue to stay focused on this important effort. Going forward, we see the commercial customer as the growth engine of our industry and we benefit from the fact that 80% of NAPA's business serves this segment. Our continuous improvement on inventory availability, service and product quality position us well to win in the markets that we serve. Following our successful acquisition of the MPEC business in the second quarter, we completed the acquisition of our next largest owner, Walker Automotive Supply in August, furthering our plan to own more of our stores in strategic priority markets. We added approximately 70 NAPA stores across North Carolina. Year-to-date, we've made strategic acquisitions of more than 450 NAPA stores from our independent owners, as well as competitive stores in key markets, including approximately 160 in the third quarter. Our store network in the U.S. is now comprised of over 6,000 stores, of which approximately 35% are company-owned, up from approximately 25% at the end of 2022. Over time, we see a path to bring our network closer to a 50-50 mix with our independent owners continuing to play a critical role in our network. While our quarterly financial results were below our expectations, we are confident that we are investing in the right areas to better position GPC and we're experiencing traction across numerous efforts. We believe, the current market softness is temporary and will eventually serve as a tailwind. The long-term fundamentals of our industries are attractive and our businesses are well-established with leadership positions. We're balancing near-term actions and medium and long-term investments. Disciplined and consistent investment in our business, particularly during temporary periods of broad weaker industry dynamics will strengthen our leadership positions and earn profitable market share and create value. In closing, thank you again to our global teams for the leadership and hard work. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. Our results for the quarter reflect the impact of several factors; weak market conditions, the cost impact of investments we are making in the business and disruptions from the CrowdStrike outage in July and two major hurricanes. The third quarter was challenging and in evaluating our financial results and to provide additional transparency, we reflected on three key themes, which I will address, along with an update on our cash flows and capital allocation. Those themes are, what drove our profitability down year-over-year, how did the quarter differ from our expectations and what is our outlook for the remainder of 2024. My comments this morning will focus primarily on adjusted results, which exclude the non-recurring costs related to our previously announced global restructuring program and costs related to the acquisition of MPEC and Walker. During the third quarter, we incurred a total of $45 million of pretax costs or $36 million after-tax related to the restructuring efforts and integration activities. Before I review our three key themes in detail, let me share some high level context for our results, starting with sales. Total sales were up 2.5% in the third quarter, which included a benefit from acquisitions of 320 basis points and the benefit of an additional selling day in the U.S. totaling 110 basis points. Sales in the third quarter were negatively impacted by disruptions from Hurricanes Helene and Beryl, as well as the CrowdStrike outage, totaling approximately 70 basis points. For the quarter, our gross margin was 36.8%, an increase of 60 basis points from last year. The improvement in our gross margin was driven by acquisitions, primarily at U.S. Automotive, which drove approximately 60 basis points of gross margin expansion. Turning to cost, our SG&A as a percentage of sales for the third quarter was 28.8%, up 220 basis points year-over-year. The impact of acquired businesses, investments in IT and cost pressures contributed to the year-over-year deleverage. More specifically, our MPEC and Walker acquisitions negatively impacted SG&A by approximately 50 basis points. The incremental SG&A from acquired businesses will abate over time as we execute on our integration plans and capture synergies. We are now five months and two months post close of our MPEC and Walker transactions respectively, and expect each respective integration to take approximately 24 months from start to finish. Our integration efforts are on track with respect to timing and synergy capture. Both acquisitions contributed positively to our EBITDA margin in the third quarter. Inflation-driven increases in rent expense and salaries and wages, including increased minimum wages in certain international markets, along with service improvement investments in freight expense resulted in approximately 120 basis points of SG&A deleverage versus the prior year. In addition, our planned investments in technology to modernize our business resulted in a 20 basis points headwind in SG&A in the third quarter. Our global restructuring initiative remains on track. Our restructuring efforts are a key element of our work to offset the headwinds of current market conditions and cost inflation across the business. Year-to-date, we've incurred approximately $160 million of costs related to our restructuring efforts, in-line with the top end of our range of $100 million to $200 million of costs. During the third quarter, we realized approximately $16 million in benefits from our restructuring efforts and expect to deliver a benefit of between $30 million to $40 million in 2024 and $45 million to $90 million on an annualized basis, in-line with our expectations. With that context, let's turn to the first theme. Our third quarter profitability. Our third quarter results were down year-over-year from an adjusted EPS of $2.49 to an adjusted EPS of $1.88, a decline of $0.61. As we look at the details, I will describe the major drivers of our year-over-year decline in terms of impact to EPS, and you can see these illustrated in our earnings presentation. First, as we expected, higher depreciation and interest expense, combined with IT costs I referenced in my SG&A comments drove approximately $0.25 of the year-over-year decline in earnings. Our initiatives come with cost headwinds, which we anticipated and planned for in 2024. These costs are in the form of higher depreciation expense as we depreciate new investments, higher SG&A as our efforts to modernize IT show up in operating expense and higher interest expense from borrowings to fund investments, particularly in this higher interest rate environment. As I mentioned, core cost inflation is negatively impacting salaries and wages along with rent expense and we are making investments to improve service that are contributing to higher freight expense. For the quarter, these higher costs combined with deleverage on lower sales reduced our year-over-year earnings by an estimated $0.38. These negative impacts were partially offset by benefits of our global restructuring actions totaling $0.08. Finally, the quarter was negatively impacted by lost revenues as a result of the impacts of disruptions from the hurricanes and the CrowdStrike outage, which translated into an estimated $0.06 reduction in earnings for the quarter. With respect to Hurricane Helene, we closed September with approximately 200 locations across NAPA and Motion impacted by power outages and storm damage. Many of these locations have come back online, but we continue to operate with closed stores and disrupted customers. With respect to the second theme related to our expectations, we underperformed, where we expected to be in the third quarter. As we shared in our second quarter earnings call, we expected weak market conditions and headwinds from depreciation, IT investments and interest to result in lower third quarter earnings, and we were targeting an adjusted EPS range of $2.20 to $2.25. Our adjusted results for the quarter with EPS of $1.88 came in below our expectations, driven by two key factors, weaker results in Europe and our industrial business and the impact of CrowdStrike and the hurricanes. When we gave guidance in July, our outlook assumes sequential improvement in market conditions in the second-half of 2024, and tailwinds from easing comparisons. More specifically, our original expectations for the third quarter included industrial sales growth coming in flat and low-single-digit organic European growth. Underlying European market conditions did not inflect in the quarter and remain negative on a sequential basis from the second quarter. For industrial, PMI closed June at 48.5%, nearly flat to May and then turned sharply negative in July at 46.8%, rebounding slightly to 47.2% in both August and September. Along with negative industrial production manufacturer readings in September, this backdrop resulted in our sales for industrial in the third quarter being down. As Will shared, the underperformance of our European and industrial businesses versus our expectations translated into $140 million in reduced sales or an estimated $0.30 of earnings. When combined with a $0.06 impact from CrowdStrike and the hurricanes, this led to an approximate $0.36 earnings shortfall versus our expectations. Our third quarter performance, which was largely driven by ongoing weak market conditions, led us to the third theme, our outlook for the remainder of 2024. Based on the trends we are seeing in our business, including our lower-than-expected third quarter performance, we are adjusting our 2024 outlook. With no sequential improvement in market conditions in the third quarter from the second quarter, our revised outlook reflects our view that the demand environment for the balance of the year will remain consistent with the third quarter. We now expect that diluted earnings per share, which includes the expenses related to our restructuring efforts, will be in the range of $6.60 to $6.80, compared to our previous outlook of $8.55 to $8.75. We now expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $8 to $8.20. This compares to our previous outlook of a range of $9.30 to $9.50. Our earnings presentation includes an illustration of the key business drivers impacting our revised outlook for 2024. Let me take a moment and walk you through the details of these components, starting with sales. We now expect total sales growth in a range of up 1% to 2% versus our previous outlook of up 1% to 3%, which includes the benefit of acquisitions we've made year-to-date. By business segment, we are now guiding to the following. 3% to 4% total sales growth for the automotive segment, which includes the benefit of acquisitions made year-to-date. We anticipate comparable sales growth to be approximately flat. And for the Industrial segment, we expect total sales growth to be down 1% to 2% with comparable sales growth also down 1% to 2%. Our reduced sales outlook for the year is driven by updated expectations around market conditions. For the balance of 2024, we do not expect any improvement in market conditions across our geographies. Our expectations are informed by third-party data, as well as the trends we experienced in the third quarter, which have persisted into the start of the fourth quarter. Further, the beginning of the quarter has been compounded by the impacts of hurricane Milton across Florida as well as the continuing effects of Hurricane Helene. While we've made good progress on restoring our operations, uncertainty remains around our customers and their ability to resume operations, which makes the ultimate impact on our business difficult to predict. Our updated guidance includes our estimated impact of these storms on our results for the remainder of the year. Within industrial, the weak industrial production activity remains a headwind for the business. As Will mentioned, we are now in the longest period of contraction for PMI in over 33-years. We now believe that improvement won't come in 2024 as we wait for PMI to inflect into expansionary territory and for the benefit of initial interest rate cuts to have a positive impact on our customers. In our International and U.S. Automotive businesses, market conditions continue to remain soft as consumers are impacted by a wide range of factors, including inflation, interest rates and geopolitical election uncertainty. In the U.S., while our independent owners continue to gain strength, high interest rates remain a headwind for these small and medium business owners. For gross margin, we continue to expect 40 basis points to 60 basis points of full year gross margin expansion, primarily driven by the acquisitions in U.S. Automotive and our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives. Our outlook assumes that SG&A will deleverage between 140 basis points and 150 basis points, which includes SG&A deleverage on our reduced sales outlook, ongoing cost inflation and the impact of incremental SG&A from acquisitions in the U.S. Automotive business. Our views include the expected benefits from our global restructuring activities. For Global Automotive segment margin, we now expect to be down approximately 90 basis points to 100 basis points versus last year, given the softer organic sales growth and corresponding pressure on SG&A. For 2024, we expect Global Industrial segment margin to be down approximately 40 basis points to 50 basis points year-over-year. For the first nine months of 2024, we generated $1.1 billion in cash from operations and $700 million in free cash flow. We are confident in the strength of our cash flows in 2024 and continue to expect cash from operations to be in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion with free cash flow of $800 million to $1 billion. Delivering consistent cash flows in all business cycles, combined with our liquidity, a strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation philosophy positions us to grow the business long-term. In 2024, we have invested approximately $386 million back into the business in the form of capital expenditures, including $126 million in the third quarter. With respect to capital expenditures, as we shared at our Investor Day in 2023, our historical investment rate in our business hovered at around 1% or less of revenue. Over the past two years to drive the needed transformation of our business, this has moved to 2% of our revenue and we continue to expect an investment rate of 2% of revenue or approximately $500 million in spending in 2024. The growth capital we are deploying, which represents approximately 55% of our total 2024 CapEx will drive modernization of our supply chain, including new DCs and automation, that when partnered with technology enhances our customer experience and positions us for long term growth. Further, disciplined M&A has been a key element of our growth as we take advantage of value creation opportunities in our fragmented markets globally. In 2024, our M&A strategy has evolved with respect to our operating model at NAPA and our new approach to having a more balanced mix of company owned and independently owned stores will improve our revenue growth and profitability over the long-term. We have invested $954 million globally year-to-date in the form of strategic acquisitions, including the acquisition of our now largest independent owner, Walker Automotive Supply. As we acquire these businesses, we have a disciplined integration playbook where we extract value through incremental sales opportunities, capture the full gross margin and optimize the SG&A of the acquired business. During the third quarter, we further strengthened our balance sheet by initiating the transition of our U.S. pension plan to a third-party insurance company, which we expect to complete in the fourth quarter of 2025. This is a continuation of our pension de-risking strategy that began in 2013, when the plan was frozen and does not impact the benefits of the planned participants. Our pension plan is well funded and we took this step to reduce balance sheet and income statement volatility and protect us from future potential cash flow contributions. We anticipate a one-time non-cash charge in the fourth quarter of 2025 and do not expect any impact to our 2024 financial results. Further, we do not expect any cash payments associated with the transfer of the plan to the third party insurance company in 2025. In closing, we continue to operate in challenging market conditions and are taking actions including advancing our global restructuring activities to ensure the long-term profitability of the business. We believe, the backdrop of lower growth is market driven, not specific to our business, and we stand well positioned for growth once the cycle turns more favorable. As we look ahead, we are encouraged by the recent reduction in interest rates in the U.S. and are optimistic that lower rates will create a more constructive market backdrop moving forward. Although, we recognize that this will take time to result in improved activity. We remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our businesses and we'll continue to invest in the business with a long-term focus. Thank you, and we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Thanks for all the detail on the call today. One area that we wanted to learn a little bit more was just the detail around the inventory increase you saw during the quarter. And if you could maybe drill down into some of the investments that you're making in freight?
Bert Nappier: Sure, Kate. Good morning. Look, on the inventory side, I think that goes back to really some of what Will touched on and positioning us in the marketplace on the NAPA side. We've made some great strides on getting inventory availability, where it needs to be. That's a year-over-year kind of effort. We started that this time last year, as you recall. And I think we've really made some nice moves to increase depth, increase SKU count and do the things that matter in the field. We know that inventory availability is the deciding factor in being successful, NAPA's great legacy, it's got a great brand, it's got a great footprint. And so when we put that inventory power behind it, I think it really positions us well in the marketplace. That's the biggest driver of the change there. We also have some acquired inventory from the acquisitions we've made. So that will show up in the balance sheet as well. In terms of investments at freight, some of those are a bit competitively sensitive. I would just leave it at the fact that we're really leaning into making sure that, we've got on the other side of the equation, that store excellence, making sure, we have the driver availability and consistency of experience that we want to make sure, we're meeting the needs of our customers.
Will Stengel: Kate, I might just add, as we look at all the internal operating metrics that we use to run the business, in particular in NAPA, we continue to be very bullish about the progress that we've made. So whether it's service levels from deliveries to stores, from DCs, from stores to customers, those are at all-time highs and getting better every day. As Bert said, the inventory strategy was all about making sure that we had the right vendor alignment with the right availability in the local markets and those have seen material improvement year-over-year. Safety is better in our DCs, inventory breadth and depth, as Bert alluded to, has never been better. So we've added deeper and wider inventory while using our existing supply chain. Voluntary turnover is down 30% plus year-over-year. And importantly, we're seeing about 100 basis point improvement in our customer metrics in terms of their satisfaction. So as we're running the business and putting these investments in, we feel good about the returns that are associated with them.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Kate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Your line is now open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Yes. So you did not call out U.S. auto as a primary source of profit disappointment in the quarter? Does that mean U.S. margins held up and the total margin decline was really due to the international business? Or does that mean you just had subdued expectations for U.S. auto? And then secondly, obviously, '24 is going to fall well below initial expectations. Without providing any specific guidance, can you give us a general feel for how you're thinking about '25, meaning the sequential trends continue to weaken, but your comparisons get easier, et cetera? Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Scot, it's Bert. Look, on the margin side for U.S. Automotive, we don't really get into the details by the individual regions. I will say that the pressure we felt at the consolidated level was consistent across all the markets. And so, we were disappointed in total with where we were. It came in underneath our expectations as we've outlined. But I wouldn't isolate the pressure in any one market regionally around the world versus the other. They're all feeling the same kind of pressure. Interest rate pressure in all of our markets on the automotive side, cost inflation are both present in all of those markets. And so, when we think about the factors that drove SG&A, that I outlined in my prepared comments, those would be true for each of the regions individually. In terms of how we're looking ahead, and as you said, we don't want to get too specific. But look, I mean, I think the bottom line on 2025, is that we're going to continue to watch all the same data that you all are. And at this point, as we exit the third quarter and start the fourth quarter and start to look into 2025, those conditions remain pretty stagnant quarter-over-quarter. And so, market conditions are going to be a big factor in how we look at things. The bottom line though, is we're very encouraged by the long-term fundamentals for both segments. And we're in great fixed industries. I think those are beneficial to us in the long-term. Our size and scale is a benefit there as well. We have leadership positions in fragmented markets around the globe, and we're bullish on the execution of our strategic initiatives as Will outlined. But the biggest wildcard moving ahead with that positive backdrop is the pace and timing of recovery of market conditions. And so we'll take the fourth quarter to see what we think the market will give us for next year, plus our own actions and the things that we think we're going to be able to do and we'll update that and share that with you in February.
Will Stengel: Scott, I might just add in the same way that we've articulated the higher interest rates have had the intended effect muting and slowing down overall growth, we are encouraged, obviously by the start of an easing scenario around the world. The U.K. has reduced rates once in the last, call it, six months, U.S. once, Eurozone 3 times, Canada 3 times. So obviously, there'll be a lag benefit to that, but we would hope as we move forward, those types of policy decisions provide a tailwind as opposed to a headwind.
Scot Ciccarelli: Great. Thanks, guys.
Bert Nappier: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is now open.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. Your SG&A dollars were up about $166 million in the quarter versus the same year ago. Can you outline a bit more what drove that increase? And should we expect the pace of increase to continue for the next several quarters given the investments that you're making?
Bert Nappier: Hey, Michael, good morning. Look, a big part of the dollar increase in SG&A is going to come from acquired businesses. So I think that's an isolated activity, particularly here as you look in the second half of 2024 with the acquisition of our two largest independent owners on the NAPA side of the house. So I kind of outlined that and detailed that in my prepared remarks. On that particular point, we would expect that SG&A to abate over time as we continue to integrate those businesses and capture synergies. The great news is we're on track on that front. We're seeing our synergy capture come in consistent with our business case. And as I shared, both of those acquisitions contributed positively to our third quarter. As we look ahead on some of those other elements, I think we'll continue to see pressure here in the near-term on the cost side of things with inflationary impacts on wages and rent. I don't expect those to abate in the fourth quarter. And likewise, we're going to continue to invest in IT, that's an important part of our transformation going forward. And there's some positive things there. Unfortunately, as we modernize systems, many of those are cloud-based platforms that transition expense out of capital into operating expense, which is why we're highlighting that for you. But we're also making some great investments in the business, in particular with our Global Technology center in Poland. We benefit from exceptional talent, high productivity and these teams are doing amazing work on some of our initiatives around catalog and search, which is clearly making a difference with our customers. So when we think about investment, that's an example of a thing I think you'll continue to see. But at the same time, we're also trying to be very thoughtful about offsetting some of this with our global restructuring, which remains on track. We saw a benefit in the quarter as we've discussed, and we're continuing to control headcount. The restructuring is helping with that. Most of that has come from voluntary retirements in the U.S. But if we look at our global headcount, we're down somewhere between 3% and 5% in 2024, excluding acquisitions. And we're continuing to do hard work across the network with engineering standards and engineering productivity and RDCs that's reducing over time and allowing us to be more thoughtful about headcount there as well.
Michael Lasser: Okay. My follow-up question is, your decision to make incremental investments in the decision -- in the business was inevitably prompted by something. You outlined your view that U.S. Auto business was down. Your business was flattish. So what is motivating the decision to make these investments? And how do you expect the return on these investments to play out in the next few quarters in terms of market share? Thank you.
Will Stengel: Yes. Look, Michael, I think it's super important for any business to be investing in itself. And so I think as the management team organized their strategic plan, in particular, dating back to our Investor Day in 2023, we had a lot of compelling opportunities to invest back in the business in a different way, which I think is a function of the market realities, the changing technology landscape, the competitive dynamic. And so all those things put together set the stage for putting capital to work around the world in an accelerated way.
Bert Nappier: And Michael, I'll just add that I believe, that if you looked prior to Investor Day in 2023, you would have seen the GPC business in totality spending about 1% of revenue in terms of investment in the business. And so that's across all of our business segments. And that quite frankly, I think is not the level of investment we needed to stay at pace and grow this business and keep it on its front foot going forward. We think the technology work that we're doing and leading with technology is going to be a differentiator. And we think investing in our supply chains, which will make a difference for our customers, and as we know, having that part and having it at the right place and the right time, both on the Automotive and the Industrial side is critical to being successful. And as we make these enhancements across DCs, which we've mentioned, we're doing that in the U.K. and France, here in the U.S., we have a new DC in Melbourne, we're doing this all over the world. And you combine that with the technology, I think that's going to position us for a much stronger growth, particularly as we come out of this weaker economic cycle.
Michael Lasser: Thank you very much.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning. So my first question is, I just want to be clear. So was there a decision to step up investments above the original plan for this year or is it really just the acquisitions? And as we think about moving forward, do the acquisitions that you made during this quarter -- during the third quarter take sort of the underlying dollar run-rate higher as we look at the fourth quarter, obviously, relative to revenues?
Bert Nappier: Yes. Chris, we haven't changed our view on investment level on CapEx for 2024. We're still going to come in right around that 2% level. And as I commented in my prepared remarks, that's going to be around $500 million of investment. So there's no step up on the CapEx side of the house. We really think the 2% number is the right proxy. We did that last year. We'll do that again this year and we'll be thoughtful about how we look ahead to 2025. In terms of run rate on acquisition, I think, I would tell you that we expect that to -- that was never going to be linear. I think it's the best way to say it when you think about the independent owner strategy. As you've seen this year, we've acquired the two largest. And from there, acquiring 180 plus stores in May, as we've announced with Walker 75 stores, the next levels of independent owners drop pretty significantly in terms of store count size. And so I think you'll see, while we continue to march to maybe a more 50-50 target, the pace and timing of that will slow. So I think we get the first two big ones, which were important to do in the Q first and then we'll move at pace, but the pace will decelerate from what you've seen here over the last two quarters.
Chris Horvers: Got it. And then as you think about just, what are we expecting, what are like implied same-store sales and organic growth in NAPA and Motion? And as you look out and you think about the industrial side of the business, does the election sort of like -- is that a clearing event or do we have to wait for these capital budgets to come through for your customers in 2025, such that this actually could prolong to perhaps the second quarter when that capital gets deployed?
Will Stengel: Chris, I would say the election is a clearing event with a lag. So by the time you turn the calendar year, the election flips and there's at least kind of clarity on the margin relative to where we stand today, especially with the backdrop of lower rates. And I think that helps.
Chris Horvers: In the implied comps for the fourth quarter.
Bert Nappier: Not for the fourth quarter. I would say, the lag is coming into 2025. I don't think the election clarity in November, creates a business impact immediately in November and December.
Will Stengel: And look, Chris, we don't give quarterly guidance. So the quarter comps we haven't provided. But I would just say, I'd go back to my thoughts in the prepared remarks, we really don't expect the fourth quarter thematically to look much different than the third quarter in terms of the underlying performance of the business given the market conditions.
Chris Horvers: Got it. And I just want to ask one clarification question. So I think you talked about a $0.30 EPS headwind on $140 million shortfall in sales, is that right? Because that's like a 40% operating margin, I guess, ask the other way. If you expected sales up 2.5% next year, you would expect that -- next year, you expect 40% flow through on that.
Bert Nappier: No, I wouldn't take it that way, Chris. I mean, I think we're trying to give you a reasonable proxy of what we felt like the sales loss was. I mean, given the gross margin rate impact of that and the lost sales in the quarter. So I wouldn't overread into that in terms of operating margin.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Melich with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I have a couple of questions. I wanted to start maybe, at a high level, given that I think Bert, you described the investments ramping up to 2% now versus 1%. When we think about the growth algo that you outlined at the Analyst Day in '23, should we be thinking about this year as a new base to build that off of or should we still go back to where we were a couple of years ago and have the growth off of that base.
Bert Nappier: I think this year is a tough year to use as a proxy, Greg, is my kind of initial response to that. We've had a lot of moving pieces. Market conditions have moved backwards. I think as you look historically, we've said that the growth algorithm is in that 3% to 4% top line range in the long, long term for the business in terms of top line and that we can lever off of that. This year with market conditions, particularly on the industrial side moving negative, it's not a year I would use as a proxy. So I don't think we're ready to move off of what we think are long-term algorithms, but obviously, we reserve the right to kind of update you as we get into 2025 and the 2025 guidance, particularly as we see with what the fourth quarter presents and how we think the beginning of 2025 will start. So let's not deviate from how we think about the health of this business on a long-term basis, as Will has said, I think we're very bullish on what the long-term can be and the investments we're making in the business. Those have stepped up from a 1% historical rate, but that 2% is the same level of investment we shared with you at Investor Day. So we think that does set a little bit of a new proxy there. But again, we'll come back to you with some more thoughtful outlook when we get to February.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then my follow-up was you mentioned how dis-inflation has brought inflation down in both industrial and auto to sub 1%. Can you remind us of how that cycles, if you think about the comparisons from a year ago. And should that -- should we expect that to normalize back at maybe the long-term 2% to 3%? Or do you think we're sort of stuck at this flattish position?
Bert Nappier: Look, again, I'll always reserve my right to update you when we build our models for 2025 and share those in February. But I think we're coming out of the period that we all expected. We saw this start last year in 2023 in the U.S., and we're seeing it now in Europe. We expected those high benefits of inflation in the top line to cool off, and they have. We're going through what I think is the unwinding of all that now. And again, if I go back to the first question about the long-term, if you think the long-term is a 3% to 4%, embedded in that long-term is a 0.5% to 1% range of price benefit. And we would expect in the long-term, absent something else coming to light that changes our view on the health of the markets fundamentally, that would be the case and we would vert to something more normalized as we move ahead.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then last, I would just say how would you look -- how would you describe your market share positioning right now in U.S. auto and Industrial. I mean, I know there's a lot of macro headwinds. Do you think you're gaining share, holding share still slipping a little bit?
Will Stengel: No, we feel really good about it. And we use on the NAPA side a third-party independent data that's got everybody's information in it and it's never been stronger, always opportunities. There's 120 categories that you have to look at to study SKU level share and we've made incredible progress there. So -- and then on the industrial side, we're right there or better than the market. There's some data points out there from peers and obviously, the PMI. So down a little bit in this market is at or better than market performance.
Greg Melich: That's great. Thanks and good luck, guys.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Melich.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. Just following up on Greg's last question, thinking about the U.S. market, your comps were flattish ex the extra day sequentially, and slowed materially onto your stack basis. Do you think that market conditions got worse or do you think that the competitive environment got more difficult this quarter relative to last?
Will Stengel: I think the markets got worse and the hurricane impacts put noise into the data. So a flattish market feels about right to us, a plus or minus a point.
Bert Nappier: And on the second part of that Seth, on the competitive set, I mean, I wouldn't say that the competitive sets changed much. We have great competitors. We compete day-to-day with a competitive landscape that, thankfully remains very rational on pricing. And so we're encouraged by NAPA's position in the market as I said earlier, with its great footprint, legacy availability and quality.
Seth Basham: And specific to the major account segment that you talked about getting a little bit better this quarter, what's driving that. Do you think it's the end markets. Do you think it's some of your initiatives? Any color there would be appreciated.
Will Stengel: Yes. So we were really pleased with the sequential improvement in major accounts. As I think, we've talked about publicly before, inside our major accounts, we have four or five different books of business and each have their own specific initiatives. And those initiatives are gaining traction, specifically around some of our priorities in our regional quote, unquote major accounts and our independent affiliates. So we're focused intentionally there to make sure that, we're doing business that makes sense for our customers and for us, and we'll continue to be very thoughtful there.
Seth Basham: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Will Stengel: Hey, Bret.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Bret.
Bret Jordan: A lot of it's been covered, but I guess ex the hurricanes, do you see any meaningful regional dispersion in U.S. NAPA?
Bert Nappier: We have -- we haven't seen any dispersion ex the hurricanes and then ex the M&A benefit, everybody was around the same level of performance, no material difference.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then I think in the prepared remarks, you talked about either nearshoring or reshoring some of your supply chain. Could you give us a little more color on that? And is there a margin impact one way or the other?
Will Stengel: Yes. Look, I think we had a great update with the Motion team a few weeks ago. We detailed this deeply and we've got a lot of great sales leads and traction for that matter around specific projects. I think on one of the calls, somebody asked us what that opportunity set is. And if you just look at the U.S. business by itself for Motion, we're tracking somewhere over 150 different projects between now and 2030, that represent about $2.5 billion of MRO spend for us. So, some small portion of that is a pretty attractive incremental headwind or a tailwind for us and we put some resources to it and seen some nice traction by vertical. That's what we refer to as our new sales verticals. So definitely, in focus. We see it in Canada, and we've got the same chart in Mexico, all with exciting opportunities.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Thank you.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Bret.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Tuesday, July 23rd, 2024. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Walsh, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Walsh: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Genuine Parts Company's second quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining us on the call today are Will Stengel, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company's website. Today's call is being webcast, and a replay will also be made available on the company's website after the call. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for questions, the responses to which will reflect management's views as of today, July 23rd, 2024. If we're unable to get to your questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results, as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the companies and its businesses, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, let me turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Before we turn to the results of the quarter, I'd like to share a few thoughts as part of my transition into the CEO role over the last 45 days. First and foremost, it's an honor and a privilege to serve as only the sixth CEO in Genuine Parts Company’s nearly 100-year history. GPC has a special culture which was founded on taking care of our people and offering solutions to our customers efficiently and consistently. This has served our business incredibly well over the years and will remain a core element of our foundation. As part of the transition over the last several months, I've spent time engaging with our teammates, customers, and suppliers around the world. I'll share a few key messages that have come out of those discussions and that are areas of emphasis as we move forward. First, leverage our culture as an advantage. We have a unique and differentiated culture. Our global engagement data shows the vast majority of our employees are incredibly proud to work for GPC. That's a fact of which we are proud and is a testament to our strong, consistent leadership over the years. We must nurture our culture to extend our unique advantage, but we must also continuously evolve with our customers and our markets. Second, build high-performing teams. Our talent strategies have been intentional as we continuously work to be an employer of choice. We have a capable group of leaders around the world that have aligned values and a clear understanding of our shared vision. But we amplify our impact when we relentlessly build high-performing teams throughout the organization, who are energized to work together, solve problems, and deliver results. Third, capture our exciting opportunities. We streamline GPC to focus on two core businesses with market-leading positions and significant exciting opportunities. We believe size and scale creates an advantage, and when we work together as we invest in capabilities and share best practices to solve common challenges, we act faster, we're more efficient, and we create value. Fourth, focus and execute our defined plans. We believe we have the right strategies and initiatives in place. We've worked together over the last three to four years as a global organization to understand our opportunities and prioritize the work that we're doing. We align globally around five key priorities, including talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain, and emerging technology, complemented by a disciplined acquisition strategy. This focused approach is not changing. We're intentional, we're disciplined, and we're leveraging expertise around the world to reduce complexity, improve the customer experience, deliver profitable growth, and increase productivity. And lastly, play to win and continuously improve. Thanks to the hard work of our teammates, we've made great progress as a company over recent years. But we're focused on continuous sequential improvement to build on our momentum. We can't be satisfied with good, instead striving to be great, always working to be better and faster in all that we do. Overall, it's fair to say I'm more energized than ever about the opportunities we have as a company and the future for Genuine Parts Company. I want to thank each of our over 60,000 global GPC teammates for their ongoing passion for serving our customers. In addition to serving our customers every day, our teams are executing and delivering on a broad set of initiatives while navigating a dynamic and challenging macro environment. Thank you to all, as always, for your good hard work. Now, let's turn to the specifics of our quarterly results. A few highlights for the second quarter include total GPC sales of $6 billion, which increased approximately 1% versus the same period in the prior year and included a tough start to the quarter with particularly weak sales month in April across both segments. Total company gross margin increased 50 basis points with continued execution of strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives. And in May, we announced the acquisition of Motor Parts and Equipment Corporation, our largest NAPA independent owner in the US with a network of 181 locations across Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin. It's a great example of our ongoing initiative to own more NAPA stores in priority markets. Our second quarter results were below our expectations. The variance can be attributed to three key themes. Weaker than anticipated customer demand in industrial, accelerated softness in Europe, and choppy demand in the automotive aftermarket in the US. Many factors outside of our control, including higher interest rates, geopolitical uncertainty, and persistent inflation are driving overall weaker customer demand. This weaker demand environment and ongoing cost inflation resulted in adjusted earnings flat year-over-year for the quarter, which Burt will cover in more detail shortly. Looking at our results by business segment. During the second quarter, total sales for global industrial were $2.2 billion, a decrease of approximately 1% versus the same period last year, and comparable sales were down 1.6%. When we look at the sales performance for our industrial business, the main headwind remains lagging industrial production activity. Over the past 20 months, manufacturing PMI readings continue to be in the longest period of contraction since the financial crisis in 2009, as represented by a PMI index below 50. While we saw a positive reading in March, during the second quarter, the monthly PMI readings reverted back into contraction territory versus our cautiously optimistic expectation of an improving backdrop coming out of the first quarter. From a cadence perspective, average daily sales were softer in April and relatively flat in May and June. In addition, the higher interest rate environment and election uncertainty is curbing larger capital spending decisions across our diversified customer base as they remain cautious. Looking at Motion's results across its end market served, we're still seeing mixed performance across the board. Five of our 14 end markets showed positive growth during the second quarter, which was in line with the first quarter, with relative strength coming from mining and chemicals, offset by weakness in equipment and machinery, fabricated metals, and aggregates and cement. Despite the market softness, Motion's corporate account customer base, which represents approximately 45% of the business, continues to perform well and is showing positive growth, which is a true testament to Motion's strong value proposition. Additionally, during the second quarter, the Motion team successfully renewed several key multi-year corporate account agreements and remains active with various well-defined field sales initiatives. Industrial segment profit in the second quarter was $277 million, down approximately 2% versus prior year and 12.4% of sales, representing an approximate 10 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Our business in North America performed well despite the softer sales performance, but was offset by pressure from our business in Australasia, given the challenging local economic environment and cost pressures. Turning to the global automotive segment, sales in the second quarter were $3.7 billion, an increase of 2%, with comparable store sales decreasing 0.6%. During the quarter, all of our automotive geographies showed positive sales growth in local currency. Similar to the first quarter, the global automotive sales benefit from inflation remained less than 1% in the second quarter, and we expect the same in the back half of the year. Global automotive segment profit in the second quarter was $314 million, down 4.7% versus prior year and 8.4% of sales, representing a 60 basis point decrease from the same period last year. Our second quarter results for the global automotive segment reflect pressures from a challenging sales environment across our geographies, combined with inflation driving higher costs and outpacing sales growth. Now, let's turn to our automotive business performance by geography. Starting in Europe, our team delivered total sales growth of approximately 8% in local currency and comparable sales growth of approximately 1%. We've seen a broadening in the moderation in demand across our geographies in Europe through the quarter. We believe this is driven by an incrementally more cautious consumer, as well as a reduced sales benefit from inflation, which is also now less than 1%. Despite this, our teams are focused on serving our customers, delivering on our strategic initiatives and delivering above-market performance. We're winning share with target key accounts and the NAPA brand expansion continues to be a differentiator. For 2024, we're on track to deliver sales of NAPA branded products in excess of EUR500 million, above our initial internal target. Our ongoing bolt-on acquisition activity also continues to have a positive impact and create value in Europe. In the AsiaPac automotive business, sales in the second quarter increased approximately 3% in local currency with comparable sales growth of 2%. Similar to last quarter, this performance compares to a high single-digit growth in the same period last year. Sales for both commercial and retail increased in the second quarter, with retail showing relative strength. The macro environment remains challenging in the region but the teams are executing well to grow in excess of market and take advantage of their industry leading position. In Canada, sales increased 1% in local currency during the second quarter, with comparable sales decreasing approximately 2%. Our Canadian team showed sequential improvement from the first quarter despite ongoing pressure from a more cautious consumer and difficult macro environment. Sales in automotive and heavy vehicle performed similarly during the quarter with both having slightly positive growth. In the US, automotive sales increased 0.5% during the second quarter, with comparable sales decreasing 1.5%. This represents a slight improvement in our reported results sequentially from the first quarter and was generally in line with our expectations. As we looked at our sales cadence through the quarter, average daily sales growth was pressured in April and then showed solid sequential improvement throughout the remainder of the quarter. Our overall results also benefited from our MPEC acquisition in May. From a customer segment perspective, sales to our commercial and do-it-yourself customers were both slightly down during the quarter with commercial outpacing do-it-yourself. For commercial, fleet and government, auto care, and other wholesale were all essentially in line, while major accounts underperformed the group, driven by continued cautious end consumer, as we’re seeing elevated levels of deferrals from customers on certain repairs. For sales into our independent store owners, we saw another quarter of more normalized buying behavior, which is a trend we believe will continue throughout the balance of the year. We have active initiatives across our US automotive business and we're encouraged by the progress in the improvements that they're delivering. During the second quarter we saw further improvements in inventory fill rates and stocking levels for specific categories where we had opportunity. Additionally, the team continues to elevate the execution in our stores and DCs, which is driving better customer service metrics. We're pleased with these results, but we're intensely focused on continuous sequential improvement. And finally, we're making good progress on our initiative to evolve our operating model at US automotive to own more stores in selected priority markets. Our recent acquisitions of independent stores are being integrated into the NAPA network with a focus on improved performance and synergy capture. In parallel, we continue to partner with our existing network of independent owners who play an important role to help us serve our local markets. Our current in-flight initiatives are designed to improve growth and operational excellence in both company owned and independently owned stores. During the second quarter we acquired 242 NAPA stores from our independent owners as well as competitive stores and key markets. We're leveraging our disciplined integration playbook as we integrate these stores into our own store base. We'll continue to make methodical progress with our strategy of owning more stores in the second half of the year as the pipeline remains active, although we don't expect the recent acquisition pace to be linear through the year. With all these evolving factors in mind, we moderated our 2024 outlook for sales and earnings per share. We believe it's prudent to adjust our expectations for the second half of the year based on the current information available to us, particularly as it pertains to the industrial and European market outlook. And Bert will provide further color in a moment. While our quarterly results reflect a softer economic backdrop than we anticipated, our in-flight initiatives and fundamental prospects for our business remain robust. Within automotive, industry fundamentals like miles driven, the age of the car park, and new and used vehicle prices remain supportive. We benefit from the fact that NAPA's core business serves the commercial customer where many repairs are non-discretionary and break fix in nature. We like this position as we view the commercial customer as the growth engine of the industry given the increasingly complex vehicle fleet. Within industrial, our business is well diversified across 14 and growing different end markets that cover a wide range of the manufacturing economy, and we’re positioned well to take advantage when economic conditions improved. Studying PMI cycles over time, we see a pattern of long periods of attractive growth once the index inflects into an expansion territory. Motion's highly technical sales expertise and solutions-based selling drives deep relationships with our customers and helps to keep their operations functioning effectively every day and in every market cycle. As the market leader, we believe we're well positioned to capitalize on the eventual improvement in the manufacturing economy, near and long term, as we expand our customer base and grow share of wallet in this fragmented market. Lastly, before I turn the call over to Bert, on behalf of the entire company, it's only fitting that I take a moment and extend our gratitude to Paul Donahue, not only for his tenure as CEO, but for his many contributions to Genuine Parts Company over his 20-year career. Under Paul's leadership as CEO, the company strategically evolved and transformed for the better. A few highlight accomplishments under Paul's leadership. He simplified the GPC business mix to enable strategic focus on our automotive and industrial segments. He championed the expansion of GPC around the world, growing our global footprint from six countries in 2016 to 17 countries in 2024, including the transformational acquisition of AAG in Europe. He led us through a pandemic and kept our team safe. He kept our culture thriving and he kept our teams operating to ensure we took care of our customers. He accelerated strategic investments of over $2 billion in growth capital, including the transformational acquisition of Kaman Distribution Group to extend our industrial leadership position, and obviously many other accomplishments. Altogether since 2016, GPC has grown its sales from $15 billion to approximately $24 billion. It goes without saying that Paul's positive impact on GPC has been remarkable. His ability to lead our teammates around the world has been inspiring and he's a tremendous steward of our GPC culture, importantly a good friend to all, and we certainly look forward to his continued counsel and his role as Executive Chairman. Thank you again to the entire GPC team around the world, and with that, I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Our second quarter results were below our expectations, as market conditions, including lagging industrial production and weaker demand in our US automotives and European businesses negatively impacted our performance. Despite the muted market backdrop, our teams continue to operate with discipline and are making progress on priority strategic investments necessary for the business. The softer market conditions combined with the impact of inflation and acquired businesses on SG&A resulted in flat adjusted earnings year-over-year. With that context, let me take a few moments to comment on more specific details of the quarter along with our updated view on our outlook for the year. My comments this morning will focus primarily on adjusted results, which exclude the non-recurring cost related to our previously announced global restructuring program and transaction costs related to the acquisition of MPEC. During the second quarter, we incurred a total of $62 million of costs on a pre-tax basis or $46 million after tax related to restructuring efforts and MPEC integration costs. As we look at the second quarter, total sales were up 0.8% versus the prior year, reflecting a 2.2% contribution from acquisitions, partially offset by a 0.9% decrease in comparable sales and a 0.5% unfavorable impact of foreign currency and other. During the quarter, the contribution from inflation was less than 1% in both our automotive and industrial segments, in line with our expectations. For the quarter, our gross margin expanded by 50 basis points from last year, driven in part by the ongoing execution of our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives. Our investments in technology and category management capabilities are continuing to deliver positive results in our gross margin performance. In addition, the acquisitions we are making in our US automotive business contributed approximately 30 basis points of gross margin expansion in the quarter. Adjusting for restructuring expenses, total adjusted operating and non-operating expenses were 29.2% of sales in the second quarter, an increase of approximately 80 basis points from total expenses in the prior year. As we look at our expenses for the second quarter, we had a mix of factors, including the following. A negative impact of 50 basis points from increased salaries and wages associated with the acquisitions in US automotive and Europe, particularly from our recent MPEC acquisition. Salaries and wages costs continue to be negatively impacted by mandatory increases in minimum wages in our international businesses. Further, inflationary cost pressure and renewals of leased facilities and acquisitions drove a negative impact of approximately 30 basis points in rent expense. We experienced a negative impact of approximately 10 basis points from our ongoing investments in technology to modernize our business. Interest expense continues to be a headwind in 2024, driving a negative impact of approximately 10 basis points in our expenses. These items are partially upset by cost savings resulting from our global restructuring program of approximately 10 basis points. We expect the incremental SG&A from acquired businesses to abate over time as we execute on our integration plans and capture synergies. As a reminder, we are just 60 days post-close of our MPEC transaction with an integration that is expected to last approximately 24 months. For the quarter, segment profit margin was 9.9%, down 50 basis points year-over-year. The decrease in segment profit and segment margin was primarily driven by the softer sales growth environment and associated deleverage on costs. Our second quarter adjusted net income, which excludes non-recurring expenses of $46 million after tax or $0.33 per diluted share, was $342 million or $2.44 per diluted share, in line with the same period of the prior year. Of the $62 million of non-recurring expense in the second quarter, approximately $37 million was related to our global restructuring program, and the remaining $25 million was related to the MPEC transaction. Our MPEC transaction costs primarily include impairments of leases and leasehold improvements for facilities we will not use as we integrate the business and capture synergies moving forward. Turning to our cash flows. For the first six months of 2024, we generated $612 million in cash from operations, up 34% year-over-year, and $353 million in free cash flow, which was up 40% from the prior year. Our strong cash flow in the first half of 2024 reflects a long-standing hallmark of GPC, which is delivering robust cash flows through low growth cycles. We closed the second quarter with $2 billion in available liquidity, and our debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 1.8 times, which compares to our targeted range of 2 to 2.5 times. In 2024, we have invested approximately $260 million back into the business in the form of capital expenditures, including $143 million in the second quarter. In addition, we have invested $580 million here today in the form of strategic acquisitions, including the acquisition of our largest independent owner, MPEC. With this acquisition, we converted 181 independently owned stores in the Midwest to company owned, bringing our total company owned store count to nearly 30% of our US stores. We expect the acquisition to be accretive both before and after we realize synergies as we capture more commercial opportunities, gross margin, and optimize the SG&A of the acquired business. Our global restructuring initiative to better align our cost structure and assets with the current environment remains on track. Year-to-date, we've incurred approximately $120 million of costs related to our restructuring efforts, in line with our range of $100 million to $200 million. During the second quarter, we realized approximately $10 million of benefit from our restructuring and expect to deliver a benefit of between $20 million to $40 million in 2024 and $45 million to $90 million on an annualized basis, in line with our expectations. Our restructuring efforts are a key element of our work to offset the headwinds of current market conditions and cost inflation across the business. Turning to our outlook, we've updated our views on the remainder of 2024 based on our perspective on current market conditions across the business, most notably for our industrial, European, and US automotive businesses. We now expect the diluted earnings per share, which includes the expenses related to our restructuring efforts, will be in the range of $8.55 to $8.75 compared to our previous outlook of $9.05 to $9.20. We now expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.30 to $9.50, up slightly to 2023 at the midpoint of the range. This compares to our previous outlook range of $9.80 to $9.95. Our wider range is reflective of the current macro environment, which has elevated the degree of uncertainty from earlier in 2024, particularly on the trends on the industrial side of the business. Our earnings presentation includes an illustration of the key business drivers impacting our revised outlook for 2024. Let me take a moment and walk through the details of these components, starting with sales. We now expect total sales growth in the range of 1% to 3%, down from our previous outlook of 3% to 5%. Included in our outlook is the assumption that the benefit from inflation remains at more normalized levels, contributing less than 1% for both business segments. By business segment, we are now guiding to the following. 1% to 3% total sales growth for the automotive segment with comparable sales growth in the flat to 2% range. And for the industrial segment, we expect total sales growth of flat to 2% with comparable sales growth in the flat to 2% range. Our reduced sales outlook for the year is driven by our updated expectations around market conditions in the second half, which we now see as softer than our previous views, and are informed by third-party data as well as the trends we experienced in the second quarter. In addition, we've seen a soft start to July with disruptions from Hurricane Beryl, a more pronounced industrial shutdown around the July 4th holiday, and impacts from the CrowdStrike outage that began late last week. Within industrial, the lagging industrial production activity remains a headwind for the business. The industrial economy continues to operate in the longest period of contraction, as defined by PMI levels below 50, since the great financial crisis. Our original outlook for 2024 assumed we would see an uplift in manufacturing activity entering the second half of 2024 in connection with easing interest rates. We now believe the improvement in the industrial backdrop is going to come much later in 2024 with very little benefit to our revenues for the year as the timing of interest rate cuts, if any, remains unclear. In our European and US automotive business, market conditions continue to moderate as consumers are impacted by a wide range of factors, including inflation, interest rates, and geopolitical election uncertainty. For gross margin, we now expect 40 basis points to 60 basis points of full-year gross margin expansion, primarily driven by our continuous focus on our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives, as well as benefits from our acquisitions in US automotive not previously included in our outlook. Our outlook assumes that SG&A will deleverage between 50 basis points and 60 basis points, compared to our previous range of 20 basis points to 30 basis points of deleverage. Our revised SG&A outlook takes into consideration our reduced sales outlook which drives further deleverage as well as the impact of incremental SG&A from acquisitions in the US automotive business. Our views include the expected benefits from our global restructuring activities. For global automotive segment margin, we now expect to be approximately flat with last year. For 2024, we expect global industrial segment margin to expand by approximately 10 basis points to 20 basis points year-over-year. And finally, we are targeting corporate expense to be approximately 1.5% to 2% of sales. Turning to a few other items of interest. We are competent in the strength of our cash flows in 2024 and continue to expect cash from operations to be in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion with free cash flow of $800 million to $1 billion. For CapEx, we continue to expect approximately $500 million or 2% of revenue. As we look at 2024, the growth capital we are deploying, which is approximately 55% of our forecast, will drive modernization of our supply chain, including new DCs, partner with technology that enhances our customer experience. As we look at M&A, our global pipeline remains robust, and we will continue to remain disciplined pursuing opportunities that create value, including continuing to pursue our strategy around the mix of company-owned stores at our US automotive business. In closing, we continue to operate in challenging market conditions and are taking actions, including advancing our global restructuring activities to ensure the long-term profitability of the business. We believe the backdrop of lower sales growth is market driven and not specific to our business, and we are well positioned once the cycle turns more favorable. We remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our businesses and will continue to invest with a long-term focus. Thank you, and we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Go ahead please.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Will Stengel: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Will, your comment about independents expecting more normalized buying behavior in the balance of the year, could you give us, I guess, more color? I think they destocked late in ‘23 and then bought in pretty well in the beginning of ‘24. I guess, how do you see the cadence working out?
Will Stengel: Yeah, look, we've seen continuous sequential improvement on that topic. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, all the initiatives that we're working on here in US automotive are affecting both company-owned and independent-owned stores. And so when we think about inventory strategies, service excellence, those initiatives are all relevant for what we're doing with the independent owners. And we've seen nice sequential improvement through the year. We would expect that to continue through the balance of the year. The math of how that works, I won't get into the specifics, but the tone is good, the relationships are good, the partnership’s good. We had a bunch of independent owners into Atlanta just last week, and everyone's got their hand in the huddle and committed to continuing to grow the business and compete in the local markets.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then on Europe, is there anything notable, I guess, regionally? I mean, France has had some political backdrop, I mean, you're talking about sort of softening in that market, but is there anything to attribute it to, sort of from a geographic standpoint, or is it just widespread?
Will Stengel: It's more widespread than it was probably 90 to 100 days ago. Just to be clear, we're really pleased with the European performance. I mean the business continues to grow and grow profitably. The M&A pipeline is having its effect with very accretive acquisitions. In particular, our Spanish and Portuguese businesses after their acquisition last year continue to perform really well. They're a standout. NAPA brand is a differentiator as part of that to help us compete in the market. But we've seen some softness earlier in the year in the UK and France, I would say. It's moderated growth through the balance of the business, call it Germany, Benelux, et cetera. But the business is still performing in excess of market and we think we're winning share. So, tougher times, but proud of what the team's executing over there.
Bret Jordan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Go ahead please.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys.
Will Stengel: Good morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi. You guys referenced a few times about your pricing issues is providing a boost to gross margins for your auto business. I'm assuming that is code for raising prices. So with that context, at what point do you start to run into competitive pricing issues, especially in an environment where the WDs become more price competitive and one of your public competitors is actively reducing prices?
Will Stengel: Yeah, Scot, thanks for the question. I think our pricing strategies are more holistic than just raising prices. And so as we've talked about before, we talked about it through the prism of category management which is the intersection between not just pricing but also sourcing and in some -- at the SKU level, and some SKUs are going up and many others you're going down as well and the challenge that we put to the category managers across the business has net-net positioned us in a better margin profile as we move forward both on the sourcing and pricing side. So we're being very thoughtful about being competitive in the market on certain categories and we're balancing that with a lot of very scientific and thoughtful technology work that we've done around data analytics to make sure that we've got visibility down at the local field level to compete and win.
Bert Nappier: And, Scot, this is Bert. I’ll just amplify that a little bit with -- in the quarter the gross margin improvement was skewed to the majority side from acquisitions. So we're seeing a nice benefit from the new acquisitions in US automotive. And just to parse out how we think about this split between sourcing and pricing, where you would have seen a bigger benefit in 2023 from pricing, we're actually drawing most of our benefit this year on the back of the work that Will just described in category management and sourcing. So again, pricing is a complex topic. It's a lot of moving things up and down to be competitive. So I wouldn't just categorize it as we're moving prices up. It's a lot of moving pieces here, but we're also getting this nice benefit from acquisitions as well.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, thanks. And then kind of related to that, when you guys go, you've been on a pretty active sequence, trying to acquire some of your independence. When you guys own a store rather than selling product to an independent or wholesale relationship, can you give us some generalized color just regarding the sales and gross -- the profit dollar contributions once you own that business?
Bert Nappier: Yes, so that's one of the benefits of this pivoting strategy. So we see the mix shifting to more company-owned, continue to lean in on the independent owner model as we have in the past. So we'll have this hybrid model going forward, but as we look at isolation of adding more company owned stores, the benefits come across a few prisms. First, commercially, we'll stop sharing the margin. So we see a difference there in terms of recapturing some of the margin that we were sharing previously and you're seeing some of that come through in what we've seen in the second quarter here. Secondarily, when you just start at the very top of the house and you think about the commercial transaction itself, we'll have more control over the transaction from the outset. So that means the price in the market will have the ability to adjust and flex the depth and breadth of inventory in the market to be competitive. Some of those things were tension points between the independent owner and us before. And then as you move through the rest of the P&L, we obviously get benefits from SG&A. We're able to simplify and streamline the back office. In many cases, the independent owner had their own back office, which we can leverage our own, we'll be able to capture some of the benefits from technology and continuing to drive technology into the stores and create some incremental leverage on some of the supply chain elements as well. Many of these independent owners had their own small stocking and many kind of offsite locations that we obviously wouldn't need. So as you move through the different elements of the P&L, I think we have a lot of goodness there. We bought a great business here in the second quarter with the MPEC business, and we're already seeing benefits of that coming through our P&L. So we're excited about this pivot. The team is doing an outstanding job in terms of integration and execution and bringing these folks on board.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thanks guys.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Scot.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, please.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. We wondered just within DIFM if you're seeing any notable strengths or weaknesses by customer segment? And also within automotive, if you could talk to product categories that were the strongest, and if there was any meaningful change when the warmer weather came in in late June, early July?
Will Stengel: Yeah, Kate, thanks for your question. On the customer segment side for commercial, we actually have seen relative strength, as we said in our prepared remarks, in the auto care fleet and other wholesale for us. Our headwind continues to be our major account business. And if you look at and decomp major account, there's different pieces inside of that book of business, ranging from regional accounts to the big national guys, OE dealerships, et cetera. And so there are some customer specific challenges in that book of business, but I'll tell you, there's just as many recent wins, certainly on the regional accounts that we were talking about the other day as a team that we're really excited about that should position as well as we come through the second half of this year and into next year. So we're being really thoughtful in that major account book of business to make sure that it's a win-win economic relationship for NAPA and the customer. And so we're going to be pretty disciplined as we think about that going forward. From a category standpoint, we have seen some positive trends based on recent weather in all the categories that you would expect. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the inventory progress that we've made through the first half of the year has been quite fruitful and so those targeted categories we've seen nice momentum as we go through. So the category managers are really doing a very nice job and our sales folks out in the field on the commercial side are also being very thoughtful as well. We're proud of the teams.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Kate.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Go ahead please.
Christian Carlino: Hi, good morning. It's Christian Carlino on for Chris. So the industrial guide assumes that comps or sales growth accelerates to low single-digits in the back half. And understanding you have the extra day phenomenon, just, can you speak to what else drives this acceleration? And is there any appetite to start up larger capital projects or is it at this point really just break fix until after the election?
Bert Nappier: Yeah, Christian, it's Bert. I'll take that one. And maybe as we think about guide, it's just important to refresh on how we thought about the year when the year started and then where things have moved. When we started the year, we expected a moderated first half, stronger second half and a lot of our second half view was based on better industrial production and that being stimulated by interest rates. That model wasn't overly precise, so we didn't have a specific rate cut time to industrial growth or timing of industrial growth, and I think it was more philosophical like many companies about easing interest rates would be supportive of industrial production. As Q2 developed, which included some softer market conditions across industrial, we really have updated our outlook on that side of the house based on that updated view. And we think that with some third-party data, the industrial production activity will continue to lag, it'll still be a headwind for the business as we move here into the third quarter and getting into the fourth quarter as well. We really expected at this point based on our original view to enter the second half of the year with some better kind of low single-digit mid-single-digit growth in Motion and in our industrial side of the house and that's obviously not happening. So we've pushed that out a bit. We -- operating this period of PMI that's been down for quite some time and so now as we look we think that comes much later in the year in terms of improvement. Again, a function of interest rate cuts and we all can take our own predictions on those. Q3, I think we would have parked in our old guidance at somewhere at mid-single-digit, exiting the year at high single-digit. I think we'll see the rest of this year play out in the low single-digit range at best, as we indicated at the top end of our sales guidance and look for improvement as we move through the back half of the year and into 2025.
Will Stengel: Hey, Christian, I might just add a couple other thoughts. Obviously, the year-over-year compares ease in the second half of this year. And so as we do the two-year stack and kind of year-over-year compares, that's something that we've spent a lot of time thinking about. The other thing I would tell you just commercially, we've had a lot of discussion with the Motion business and all the leaders about stepping up the sales intensity of the business And as I suggested in my prepared remarks, the discussions we're having with our customers are very positive in the sense that they understand our value proposition. They're great strategic partners. They want to do more business with us. And as a result, you're seeing a lot of renewals of corporate accounts as well as some sales initiatives that is incremental to existing business. So, again, we're working on the right stuff in the Motion business. It's a choppy market. But once we get that sales growth and the customers start spending, we're going to be in a great position.
Bert Nappier: And, Christian, just on the specific point about capital projects, I mean, the feedback from the customer is, look, there's a lot of uncertainty out there, high interest rates. Capital projects at this point are must-do activities. So we're really seeing some tempering there on that spend. And again, to Will's point, we're having great wins and renewals with customers. And as this interest rate environment, I think, eases, we'll start to see things move.
Christian Carlino: Got it. That's really helpful. And just a follow up on Kate's question, I guess what do you think drove the acceleration in US NAPA over the quarter? Was it weather that abated as you got into May? Or is it starting to lap some of the early signs of deferral you saw last year? And just any comments on what you're seeing in terms of maintenance deferrals. Is that getting worse?
Will Stengel: Yeah. I mean, look, I think April, as we've talked about, was super tough. I don't think that was new news for anybody. And so it's all relative. We were kind of working off a low base, and we saw sequential improvement. The initiatives are making a difference. The MPEC acquisition helped build some momentum through the quarter, and the weather did help. So that all being said, it's hard to extrapolate the trend out of the second quarter. I think that's some of the challenge with how we're thinking about the guide. July was a little bit choppy based on what we articulated. So pleased with the sequential improvement through the second quarter, but trying to make sense of the world and the macro environment that we find ourselves as we come into the second half.
Christian Carlino: Got it. Thanks very much. Best of luck.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Christian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Go ahead please.
Greg Melich: Thanks. I wanted to follow up on that last point, guys. The start in July is choppy. So it sounds like -- was July as bad as April? Or is it something between the exit rate of June and April?
Bert Nappier: Well, Greg, I reserve the right to vote on July since it's not over yet. But look, April was a tough month for sure. Will has already articulated that. And as I said in my prepared comments, I think July has started out with a lot of mixed views. So we've got some disruption from Hurricane Beryl that impacted both of our US businesses on the automotive and Motion side. We've had some additional industrial production shutdown around the 4th of July holiday. I think manufacturers are taking advantage of any slowdown in a holiday to cut a little bit of their own costs and pull back on some costs there. And then obviously, we had a CrowdStrike outage that began late last week, and that's impacted many, many businesses. We were down for a brief part of the day, and Naveen and the teams around the world did an outstanding job of bringing us back up very quickly. So while we've taken care of our own house, part of the impact of that will continue to be how our customers and down the chain feel that impact across their businesses. So, look, I wouldn't compare April and July just yet. As I said, July is not over, but April certainly was a tough month. And I think the thing that is a challenge for us is just all these different pieces of noise create some lack of clarity into the true trend. Back to Christian's question a minute ago, how do you parse some of this out? And I think these are the things that we're looking at, but I feel good about where we are and all the work we're doing.
Will Stengel: Yeah, Greg, I would just come over the top on that and emphasize the point that we feel good about the work that we're doing. And the tone of our meetings is positive. Everyone appreciates that it's a tough market, but the specific initiatives at NAPA or Motion or any one of our businesses is the right body of work. And at some point, hopefully soon, as the market recovers, we'll have a couple of nice tailwinds behind us.
Greg Melich: Great. And my follow-up is maybe digging a little deeper on the consumer environment and the end market. Have you seen any sort of trade down or deferral of projects? Are you seeing that where just consumers are like, I’m out of money, and I'm just going to wait on things? Can you see that in the data?
Will Stengel: We don't see it empirically in the data, but qualitatively, we have seen that. The other challenge that we put to the merchant is making sure that the good, better, best assortment logic kind of plays in every market condition and for every customer. And so we've seen some shifting around good, better, best. That's probably the closest data that we can look at to see the psyche of the consumer. And then you also anecdotally, you do hear that the consumer is if they needed to, maybe they only do one kind of phenomenon, with most of our big kind of major accounts. Those discussions are pretty consistent across the landscape. So we're seeing it, but I think we're well positioned in the market environment with how we're positioning our brands.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then, I guess, last on that, it sounds like do you think you gained share in the quarter, in both industrial and auto?
Will Stengel: We feel good about what we're doing. Quarter-to-quarter, we're the first one out of the gate. Hard to kind of fixate on all things share. The feedback that we get qualitatively from the supplier community, honestly, as has never been better. And I think that's just a reflection of another data point to support that the work that we're doing is all the right stuff. We've just got to keep our head down and keep sequentially improving.
Greg Melich: Great. Thanks and good luck, guys.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Michael Lasser from UBS Securities. Go ahead please.
Henry Carr: Good morning. This is Henry Carr on for Michael Lasser. Thanks a lot for taking our questions this morning. I wanted to ask, so assuming third quarter demand looks similar to second quarter, are you anticipating those pressure callouts of 50 basis points from increased salaries and wages, [Technical Difficulty] Are these pretty much going to be pretty consistent in third quarter, would you say?
Bert Nappier: Hi, Henry, thanks for the question. I'll talk a little bit about how we see the rest of the year. We've talked about some things already with Greg's question around the start to July. So we do have some things that we're managing through here in the month. I won't give quarterly guidance, but as we frame the rest of the year, Will talked about easing top line comps. But when we look at the third quarter specifically, to your point, we will continue to see deleverage in the business for many of those factors and the combination of a lower sales outlook for the rest of the year. Given that, I would tell you that we expect Q3 earnings to be down year-over-year, mostly because we see a lot of this persisting, particularly coming out of the second quarter and particularly with the softness on the industrial side of the house. With that, we would see Q4 being a little stronger on a relative basis. But as you know, there's plenty of things to think about in the fourth quarter with holidays and the weather. So I would just say, look, we've got an elevated degree of uncertainty in how we're forecasting from earlier in the year, particularly on the trends in industrial. But we're giving you all the information we have right now, everything we think, including all the other variables that are out there, with interest rates and elections and all of that are reflected in our guide.
Henry Carr: Great. Thank you. And for a follow-up, I just wanted to ask about with the increased M&A of company-owned stores, I think it's increased to roughly 30% of mix. Does -- when we think about M&A as a contribution to sales growth moving forward, is that 1% target given at the Investor Day in 2023 still a good kind of benchmark to gauge with?
Bert Nappier: I think so, Henry. I mean I think that's a fair proxy. I mean, obviously, it will flux in any given year, a little higher maybe in a year where we do something like KDG. But I think if you're using that for a modeling point, I think it's a fair enough proxy, particularly when you look back over the history of GPC over many years. So let's just leave it there and you guys keep using that number as a reasonable proxy.
Henry Carr: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham from Wedbush. Go ahead please.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. First, congrats on the appointment of CEO Will, and best wishes to Paul.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Seth.
Seth Basham: My first question is just a follow-up to the last one. In terms of your goal related to acquiring independents, 30% of the mix of stores now I don't know that you have a stated goal necessarily, but do you expect continued strong acquisitions for the next couple of years?
Bert Nappier: Yeah. Look, Seth, I would tell you that we don't have a stated goal at this point. We're just in the early innings of this pivot. We've made some nice progress here in the second quarter. That move up to 30% came on the back of the acquisition of our largest independent owner. And we're going to continue to be opportunistic as we look at these. We obviously are trying to focus on target markets. I would tell you those lean a little bit more towards urban areas. The independent owner will continue to be an important part of our ecosystem. We have tremendously strong independent owners. They provide us strength in key markets, particularly in rural markets. They have deep relationships. We have great scale and good capabilities with all of them. And so we'll continue to have that hybrid. As we think about the March forward, I think we'll be more acquisitive as we move through the course of this year. But that will be based on the timing of these individual discussions. It's a willing buyer and a willing seller. And we've had some good luck here, bought a great business with MPEC, but it's not a one-size-fits-all, and we'll continue to let that go and come to us as it does.
Will Stengel: Hey, Seth, maybe just a couple of other points. I mean I think we said in the script, it's not linear. So we started with the largest independent owner and transacted there. But obviously, we have a lot of smaller owners and so building nice momentum, but it's not linear. Just to make a finer point, we're 70-30-ish today. Three years ago, that was more like 20-80. So to help calibrate the last two to three years, we've made really nice progress. We continue to do that. That being said, the independent owner will always have a role in the NAPA operating model, and we value those relationships and look forward to working with those as we continue to align to win in the local markets.
Seth Basham: Got it. And can you quantify the benefit to gross margin in the quarter from the independents acquisition? And [Technical Difficulty].
Bert Nappier: Yeah. We said that number was right around 30 basis points. So of the 50 basis points improvement in gross margin, all acquisitions contributed about 30 basis points.
Seth Basham: And similar impact for the full year expected?
Bert Nappier: I didn't parse out the improvement for the rest of the year. We lifted the guidance for gross margin, primarily on the back of some of that goodness. So I'll let you guys kind of parse that out, how you want, but we're not being quite that specific in terms of how we thought about it. We know there'll be more benefit coming out of gross margin because of acquisitions, but also because of the great work we're doing across the business.
Seth Basham: Got it. And my follow-up question is on the major [Technical Difficulty] segment in the US. You talked about discipline there, Will. Are you giving up business there where you don't see it economical? Or is the pressure there more related to elevated levels of deferred maintenance?
Will Stengel: I wouldn't say we're giving up business, I would say we're having active discussions with customers to make sure that we've got a path to have it be a win-win. And as we think about incremental new business, we're bringing another level of perspective to that and defining what's helpful to the business. All of that obviously there's trade-offs to all things kind of pursuing new sales. And so each customer is a specific discussion and its own situation. We're just, I think, focusing a little bit more intently on making sure that we're doing right by the business and our customers.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you very much.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. And our last question will be from Carolina Jolly from Gabelli. Go ahead please.
Carolina Jolly: Hi, thank you for answering my questions. Will, congratulations, and that was a really, really great tribute to Paul. So thanks for that as well.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Carolina.
Carolina Jolly: First question is just around the modernization of supply chain you mentioning. Does that also require or imply more inventory?
Bert Nappier: No, Carolina, I think as we modernize DCs, it's actually probably one in which we optimize inventory, not have to stock and add more. I'll just give you an example of some of the big projects where when we look at an Australian DC consolidation of other satellite facilities around it into one, same thing happening with two different projects in Europe. And so actually, what we're seeing is it gives us a chance to be a little bit smarter and probably not have to be quite as broad in different locations and concentrated into one and maybe even get a little bit deeper in terms of what we're doing. They obviously have been designed and put in locations where they shorten stem times and lead times to get to the distribution network on the ground. That's helpful as well. So I don't think modernization of supply chain is a net negative for the inventory side of the balance sheet. I think it's actually a long-term net positive particularly when you combine it with some of the other things we're doing with service. And then if you look at the Motion side of the house, what they're doing with the fulfillment centers we've talked about in the past as well.
Carolina Jolly: And then just a quick question. Do you date on the regional disparity [Technical Difficulty]?
Will Stengel: Yeah, we had relative strength, call it, in the middle part of the country. For the quarter, the West Coast, East Coast was a little bit challenged relative to the balance of the country, but nothing material that I would suggest is a trend or a commercial challenge.
Carolina Jolly: Thank you.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Carolina.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a lovely day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Genuine Parts' First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded on Wednesday, April 18, 2024. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Walsh, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Tim Walsh: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Genuine Parts Company's first quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining us on the call today are Paul Donahue, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Today's call is being webcast and a replay will also be made available on the company's website after the call. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for questions. The responses to which will reflect management's views as of today, April 18, 2024. If we're unable to get to your questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Tim, and good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. We are pleased to report our first quarter results for Genuine Parts Company and we are encouraged by the start to 2024, particularly when compared to our strong performance in the first quarter of 2023. Our results in the quarter reflect and highlight the value of our business mix paired with our geographic diversity. Our teams delivered results that exceeded our expectations while they stayed laser-focused on our strategic initiatives to enhance our businesses and drive profitable growth. This strong start to the year, along with the continued execution of our initiatives, gives us confidence to raise our outlook for adjusted earnings per share in 2024. Bert will provide additional details in his remarks. A few highlights of the first quarter include: Total GPC sales of $5.8 billion increased slightly versus the same period in the prior year, which produced nearly double-digit growth; total company segment margin increased 30 basis points as continued operating discipline at motion and solid momentum in the actions implemented at our U.S. Auto business improved our profitability; and lastly, we delivered mid-single-digit adjusted earnings per share growth from the same period last year. As we look to the broader macroeconomic environment, the start to 2024 continues to present a mix of challenges and opportunities. Higher interest rates and persistent cost inflation are pressuring businesses and consumers alike. Fortunately, our businesses enjoy supportive industry fundamentals, providing a positive backdrop for growth. Within our Global Automotive business, we continue to see an increase in the number of miles driven, the fleet continues to age, and new and used car pricing remains elevated, particularly with financing costs. On the industrial side of our business, we have recently begun to see positive movement with key industry metrics. This further supports our positive outlook for Motion business for the balance of the year. Our Motion business benefits from a highly diverse portfolio of customers and end markets. Motion serves nearly all aspects of the industrial and manufacturing economy and is not over-indexed to any one end market or customer. In addition, we continue to expand into new areas of opportunities such as semiconductor technology. Longer-term trends around resurrect present a significant opportunity for Motion and the team is well-positioned to capitalize on those as they materialize. As we expected, sales were challenged in the first quarter as the team posted a slight year-over-year sales decline. Despite the more challenging top-line environment, the Motion team delivered exceptional profit conversion. We are pleased with the progress with our supply chain initiatives and enhanced data analytics, which are driving inventory productivity, lower cost and higher customer service levels. We expect Motion's business to accelerate through the year, particularly in the second-half of 2024. During the quarter, we were pleased to announce the promotion of James Howe to President of Motion North America. James has nearly three decades of service to the company and most recently served as EVP and Chief Commercial and Technology Officer. His leadership in overseeing e-commerce, strategic pricing, sales excellence and corporate accounts has been instrumental in driving the company's recent success. James is supported by a deep bench of talent both in the field and amongst its leadership team. Last week we had the chance to visit our Motion team at their Birmingham headquarters and tour their new learning development center. This is a great example of investing for future success as we provide intensive training for both our customers, as well as our technical field teams. So now moving on to Automotive. Our teams in Europe and Australasia continue to perform well and grow market share. In addition, our team in the U.S. demonstrated solid sequential improvement from the fourth quarter in both sales and profit after a challenging 2023. The improvement was driven by the continued progress on the decisive actions we took at U.S. Auto over the past several quarters. We're really proud of our leadership team for their focus and execution and are confident they'll continue to drive sequential improvements as we progress through 2024. Looking ahead, we believe the GPC team is well positioned with the right strategic plans, supportive fundamentals and a strong balance sheet to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities, while also returning capital to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. Our results in the first quarter reflect the progress our teams around the globe are making on our key investment pillars and believe the execution of our strategic initiatives, along with our team’s relentless focus on our customers, will drive value for our shareholders both now and for years to come. So, in closing, we thank each of our over 60,000 GPC teammates around the globe for taking great care of our customers. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Will. Will?
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by adding my thanks to the global GPC teams for their ongoing dedication to taking care of our customers. We're pleased with the solid start to the year and our first quarter performance. We truly appreciate your hard work and commitment. As always, we're aligned with global strategic initiatives centered on five key priorities including talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain and emerging technology, complemented by disciplined and value-creating acquisitions. Our global focus around these priorities drives efficiency and pace as we work to continuously improve the customer experience and deliver profitable growth. Now, turning to our first quarter results. During the first quarter, total sales for global industrial were $2.2 billion, a decrease of approximately 2%, with comparable sales down 2.6% versus the same period last year. These results were in line with our expectations as we were up against our most difficult comparative period of the year with first quarter 2023 sales up 12%. From a cadence perspective, average daily sales were flat to slightly down in all three months with January seeing the most pressure, partially driven by a negative impact from severe winter weather that caused some customer facilities to close. Motion continues to see mixed results across our various served industrial end markets with strength during the quarter in iron and steel, as well as chemicals and automotive. Equipment and machinery and lumber and building products were softer in the quarter relative to the average end market. We continue to receive mixed and cautious feedback from our diversified customer base. However, our overall outlook for the year remains positive. Current renewal rates for corporate accounts, which represents approximately 45% of the business, remain at historically high levels, which further validates the current strength of the Motion value proposition. We're seeing outsized growth in our offering to physically locate Motion teammates at customers' facilities to enable an even closer partnership. Motion's highly technical sales expertise and solution-based selling drives deep relationships with our customers and helps to keep our customers' operations moving every day. Over the past 16-months, manufacturing PMI readings have experienced the longest period of contraction as represented by a PMI index below 50 since the financial crisis in 2009. Despite this, our Motion business has outperformed driven by its customer and end market diversification, business mix and strategic initiatives. Encouragingly, in March 2024, the manufacturing PMI was 50.3, representing an expansionary data point for the first time in 16-months. We obviously appreciate that one month doesn't make a trend, but we remain cautiously optimistic about the rest of the year and the medium-term outlook. Turning to Industrial segment profitability, which represents now 50% of GPC's total profit. In the first quarter, segment profit was $271 million, up 3% and 12.3% of sales, representing a 70 basis point increase from the same period last year. The team continues to execute category management and supply chain productivity initiatives and operate with discipline to deliver operating leverage and margin expansion despite lower sales. Turning to the Global Automotive segment. Sales in the first quarter increased approximately 2% with comparable store sales essentially flat. Our International Automotive businesses in Europe and Asia-Pac posted positive sales growth in local currency, while U.S. Automotive was flat and sales in Canada were down low-single-digits. As expected, Global Automotive sales inflation moderated to less than 1% and we expect this to be the case throughout the remainder of the year. Global Automotive segment profit in the first quarter was $273 million, up 3% and 7.6% of sales, representing a 10 basis point increase from the same period last year and a meaningful sequential improvement from the fourth quarter. Our first quarter results for Global Automotive segment reflect strong operating discipline and a positive initial impact that we're seeing from actions taken at our U.S. Automotive business. We are encouraged by the sequential improvement in this segment. Now let's turn to our Automotive business performance by geography. Starting in Europe, our Automotive team delivered another solid quarter with total sales growth of 8% in local currency and comparable sales growth of 1%. Our team continues to deliver growth with key accounts winning higher share of wallet with existing accounts and the further rollout of NAPA private label products across the region. The ongoing bolt-on acquisition activity continues to have a positive impact and create value. In addition, during the quarter, our new national DC in France opened. This approximately 500,000 square foot distribution center represents a significant technology and automation upgrade within our local supply chain. This project is a great example of how we're investing to optimize our network to drive productivity and increase service levels to our customers. A similar project is well underway in the U.K. and we're leveraging best practices and technologies to deliver the project efficiently. In the Asia-Pac Automotive business, sales in the first quarter increased 2% in local currency with comparable sales growth of 1%. Similar to last quarter, this performance compares to strong double-digit growth in the same period last year. Sales for both commercial and retail were up in the first quarter with retail showing relative strength. Despite a challenging macro environment, the team is executing well to simultaneously deliver growth and expand operating margins. In Canada, sales decreased approximately 1% in local currency during the first quarter with comparable sales decreasing approximately 3%. Our Canadian team continues to focus on sales growth in excess of the market, despite pressure from a more cautious consumer and an unseasonably mild winter. During the quarter, our Automotive business saw positive sales growth in line with our expectations, while our heavy vehicle business was slightly below driven by softer-than-expected market demand. In the U.S., Automotive sales were essentially flat during the first quarter with comparable sales increasing approximately 1%. This represents a notable improvement from the fourth quarter in both reported and comparable sales. The first quarter performance was in line with our expectations. As we moved through the quarter, we saw a sequential improvement in average daily sales growth each month. During the quarter, we also saw positive buying behaviors from our independent owners, a trend that we expect to continue over the course of the year. From a customer segment perspective, sales to commercial customers in the quarter were slightly down, while sales to Do It Yourself customers were approximately flat. For commercial, Auto Care continued to outperform while major accounts underperformed, driven by a cautious end consumer. We believe the in-flight actions across the business are delivering a positive impact and we expect the benefits to build throughout the year. Let me provide another quick update on some of the focus areas. First, we experienced further improvement in our inventory fill rates during the first quarter, and as expected, our actions significantly improved our in-stock levels in both our stores and distribution centers. Second, our in-store service levels, as measured by customer service and on-time delivery metrics improved following the improvements we experienced in the fourth quarter. Related, to start the second quarter of 2024, we realigned certain field teams to help focus the field on key activities, deliver excellent customer service and generate sales growth. Our elevated focus on the stores and the field operations is having a measurable positive impact on our teammates. The team is energized and we've seen a notable reduction in employee turnover year-over-year. Finally, our supply chain teams are making significant operational improvements across our network. We've enhanced processes and procedures in our operations that are driving better safety, accuracy, service levels and operational efficiency, while simultaneously reducing errors and overtime. During the quarter, we also made progress on medium-term strategic initiatives. For example, we continue to build upon our strategic pricing and sourcing initiatives that are delivering results. During the quarter, our newly expanded DC and Indianapolis went live. This 600,000 square foot facility will more efficiently service hundreds of independent and company-owned stores in the U.S., utilizing new automation and enhanced technology. We also leveraged our partnership with Google to accelerate enhancements to our search and catalog that remove friction and drive a better customer experience. The feedback on these technology improvements from our customers and teams has been exceptional and we look forward to building on the momentum in the months and quarters ahead. And finally, as announced on our fourth quarter call, we're advancing our initiative to evolve our operating model at U.S. Automotive as we're being more intentional about owning more stores in selected priority markets. In parallel, we continue to partner with our existing network of independent owners, who play an important role to help us serve our local markets. Our current in-flight initiatives are designed to improve growth and operations at both company-owned and independently-owned locations. During the first quarter, we made strategic acquisitions of 45 NAPA stores from our independent owners, an increase from the 33 NAPA stores acquired in the fourth quarter and the 16 acquired in the first quarter of last year. We're leveraging our disciplined integration playbook as we integrate these stores into our own store base. We expect these trends to continue over the course of the year. Our global teams are executing on our 2024 priorities and are focused on key strategic initiatives across our business. Last quarter, we announced a coordinated global initiative across each of our operations to further simplify and streamline our operations, improve productivity, increase our speed of service and reduce our cost to serve. Our efforts are on track and Bert will go over the restructuring details in a moment. In closing, GPC started 2024 well. We delivered first quarter results that exceeded our expectations, we're cautiously optimistic about a North America industrial recovery, we're seeing encouraging traction at U.S. Automotive, we're making progress on our long-term strategic initiatives and we're confident in the revised outlook that we laid out for 2024. These results are only achieved with the hard work and dedication of each of our global teammates who take care of our customers, live our GPC values and focus to deliver performance. We remain committed to our plans for long-term growth and we're confident our teams are focused on the right strategic initiatives that will deliver solutions for our customers and create value. Thank you again to the entire GPC team. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Our momentum from 2023 carried into the first quarter of 2024 as our teams delivered profit growth against the backdrop of low sales growth. We are pleased with the start to the year, which was ahead of our expectations, particularly as we anticipated this quarter to be the most challenging given the strong results we delivered in the first quarter of 2023. My comments this morning focus primarily on adjusted results which exclude non-recurring costs related to our previously announced global restructuring program. During the first quarter, we incurred approximately $83 million of costs on a pre-tax basis in line with our expectations, or $62 million after-tax related to our restructuring efforts. As we look at the first quarter, total sales were up slightly versus the prior year, reflecting a 1.9% contribution from acquisitions, offset by a 0.9% decrease in comparable sales and a 0.7% unfavorable impact of foreign currency and other. During the quarter, the contribution from inflation was less than 1% in both our Automotive and Industrial segments in line with our expectations. Our first quarter sales performance was highlighted by the continued growth in Europe and Australasia, offset by slight declines in Industrial and Canada. Sales in our U.S. Automotive business were flat in the first quarter and our performance reflects a more than 500 basis point improvement sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2023. During the first quarter, our gross margin expanded by 100 basis points to 35.9%, primarily driven by the ongoing execution of our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives. Our investments in technology and category management capabilities are continuing to be beneficial in driving positive results and our gross margin performance. Adjusting for restructuring expenses, total adjusted operating and non-operating expenses were 28.8% of sales in the first quarter, an increase of approximately 90 basis points from total expenses in the prior year. Our higher operating expenses in the first quarter reflect a negative impact of approximately 20 basis points from planned investments in IT as we continue to invest in modernized technology to run our businesses, approximately 25 basis points of negative impact from rent expense as inflationary pressures are contributing to higher costs as we renew leases, and approximately 70 basis points of negative impact from salaries and wages as we lap the final quarter of our previously announced 2023 investments in team members and absorb continued mandatory increases in minimum wages in certain international markets. These headwinds were partially offset by discipline in other discretionary categories and looking ahead, our operating expenses will benefit from the actions taken under our global restructuring program. For the quarter, segment profit margin was 9.4%, a 30 basis point improvement year-over-year. Industrial delivered 70 basis points of margin improvement, while sales declined slightly. Our margin expansion in our Industrial business is a result of ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency of our operations combined with strong expense discipline. As Will outlined earlier, the actions we've implemented to improve our U.S. Automotive business are driving benefits and we are encouraged with the margin expansion at Global Automotive and expect further improvement throughout the year. Our first quarter adjusted net income, which excludes restructuring expenses of $62 million after tax or $0.44 per diluted share, was $311 million, or $2.22 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $304 million, or $2.14 per diluted share in 2023, an increase of 3.7%. Turning to our cash flows. For the quarter, we generated $318 million in cash from operations and $203 million in free cash flow. We closed the first quarter with $2.5 billion in available liquidity and our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 1.8 times, which compares to our targeted range of two times to 2.5 times. During the first quarter, we invested $116 million back into the business in the form of capital expenditures and another $135 million in the form of strategic acquisitions, including bolt-on acquisitions in the U.S. to support our strategy to own more NAPA stores. In addition, we also made a small acquisition for our Motion business in North America, which expands our value-added service capabilities like fluid power and repair solutions. In the first quarter, we returned approximately $170 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $133 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and approximately $37 million in cash used to repurchase 261,000 shares. Our global restructuring efforts kicked off in the first quarter as we implement actions to position us to achieve our long-term targets. We continue to expect costs of approximately $100 million to $200 million, most of which will be incurred in 2024, and we will report these as non-recurring expenses. Our restructuring efforts are expected to deliver a benefit of $20 million to $40 million in 2024 and $45 million to $90 million on an annualized basis. We incurred $83 million of costs in the first quarter related to our restructuring program, which can be categorized into two key areas, costs associated with our voluntary retirement program and facility optimization. Approximately 65% of the first quarter restructuring expenses were the costs associated with our voluntary retirement offer. The remaining costs are related to facility closures and start-up costs associated with new facilities that replace those that were shut down. Our first quarter restructuring activities, including the voluntary retirement offer, were completed in line with our expectations and we expect to start realizing benefits in the second quarter. Turning to our guidance. While the macroeconomic backdrop remains dynamic, industry fundamentals remain supportive and we are confident in our team's ability to drive results. With that in mind, we are raising our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance for 2024 and reaffirming our sales guidance. For the year, we expect total sales growth to be in the range of 3% to 5%, with a more moderated first-half and stronger second-half for both Automotive and Industrial. Included in our outlook is the assumption that the benefit from inflation remains at more normalized levels, contributing less than 1% for both business segments. For gross margin, we now expect full-year gross margin expansion of 30 basis points to 50 basis points, primarily driven by our continued focus on our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives. This compares to our previous guidance of 20 basis points to 40 basis points of gross margin expansion. Our outlook assumes that SG&A will deleverage between 20 basis points and 30 basis points, primarily from further investment in technology. We now expect the diluted earnings per share, which includes the expenses related to our restructuring efforts, will be in the range of $9.05 to 9.20, compared to our previous outlook of $8.95 to $9.15. We now expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.80 to $9.95, an increase of 5% to 6.6% from 2023. This compares to our previous outlook of $9.70 to $9.90. By business segment, we are guiding to the following: 2% to 4% total sales growth for the Automotive segment with comparable sales growth in the 1% to 3% range. For Global Automotive segment margin, we continue to expect 20 basis points to 40 basis points of expansion year-over-year. For the Industrial segment, we expect total sales growth of 3% to 5% with comparable sales growth in the 2% to 4% range. For 2024, we anticipate global industrial segment margin to expand by approximately 10 basis points to 20 basis points year-over-year. And finally, we are targeting corporate expense to be approximately 1.5% to 2% of sales. Turning to a few other items of interest. We are confident in the strength of our cash flows in 2024 and continue to expect cash from operations to be in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion with free cash flow of $800 million to $1 billion. In 2024, we will continue our long history of balanced capital allocation with four priorities: capital expenditures, M&A, our dividend and share repurchases. For CapEx, we continue to expect approximately $500 million or 2% of revenue. As we look at 2024, the growth capital we are deploying, which is approximately 55% of our forecast, will drive modernization of our supply chain, including new DCs partnered with technology that enhances our customer experience. As we look at M&A, our global pipeline remains robust and we will remain disciplined in evaluating opportunities that create value, including continuing to pursue our strategy around stores at our U.S. Automotive business. With our strong balance sheet and cash flows, we are well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities that fit with our long-term growth and strategies regardless of the economic backdrop. Overall, we are pleased and encouraged with our first quarter results as our teams continue to remain agile and deliver in this dynamic environment. Our outlook for 2024 reflects the ongoing confidence in our teams and the actions we are taking to better align our business. We look forward to updating you on our progress in July. Thank you. And we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Couple of clarifications, if I may, on the U.S. Auto. Did you guys say commercial comps were down a bit and DIY was flat? And if I heard that right, I thought you said U.S. Auto comps were up slightly. Can you just help reconcile that for us?
Will Stengel: Yes, Scot, it's Will. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So the way to think about it, when we give you our reported numbers, both reported total and comp, that's the total U.S. Automotive kind of sales environment. So our sales into our owners and then our company-owned and independent-owned sales out. And so those numbers reflect that concept. When we start digging into the deeper level of detail around customer segment, that is just sales out, both independent and company owned. So that would be the distinction between the two data points.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, understood. And that does or doesn't include that 130 basis point drag you cited in the deck?
Bert Nappier: Yes. So Scot, on the -- that's a question for Bert, and I'll take that one. The reported number includes the 130 basis point adjustment, but the comp number does not. And maybe I'll give you a little color on the rebate itself. And look, we hate that there's anything to mention about the whole thing, but it's a new program and it's really good for the business. As a reminder, historically, these programs were managed by our suppliers, and that was handled all outside of our P&L, and it was directly between supplier and customer. The new arrangement, those are managed by the team, and that's a good thing for the business. The new arrangement, though has to be accounted for us. It's a reduction of revenue with a corresponding reduction of cost of goods sold and no impact to gross profit. It's a better structure for us when we think about our customers. And I think it sees tangible results in some of the things that will talk about in improvements in the business, particularly with fill rates with our new suppliers. For the first quarter, as I think we noted in our earnings presentation, our total reported sales growth was negatively impacted by 130 basis points at U.S. Automotive. When we think about comp sales, it's excluded. And our approach to comp sales excludes revenue adjustments. And this new incentive is a revenue adjustment. That's the accounting for it. And therefore, we've reflected it as such and made it consistent with like items from prior years. I think the final point I'd make is the new program wasn't in the prior year, and thus we think this is a more comparable way to present it in our view. And really, if you were going to make any adjustment, it would be to the reported number that's flat. That would actually probably have been positive without the drag of the 130 basis points.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, thanks. I'll save my follow-up questions for later. Thank you.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Horvers with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So, first a question on Motion. You know, the down 2.6% organic, you're expecting that to accelerate pretty sharply over there -- over the balance of the year. Obviously, ISM ticks up. Can you talk about how much is your -- of the expectation on the acceleration is just the macro indicators getting better versus something senior business just -- versus just looking at the comparisons? And then within that, I know you said back-half much better in Motion. Would you expect 2Q to turn to positive or flat?
Will Stengel: Chris, I'll start just kind of commercially. The Motion team is doing excellent work. And so I think as we think about the recovery of the sales growth, it's going to come from market. We feel like we're outperforming the market with discrete initiatives. And so as you alluded to, as that recovery happens through the balance of the year, that would be a driver of improvement. The other thing I would just tell you, in the first quarter, we did call out the commentary around weather that impacted the business. We estimate around 80 basis points of impact to the top line associated with customers that had facilities closed in Q1. We don't want to make too big a deal of that. The other thing I would call out is the Easter holiday. We had the last day -- business day of the quarter on Good Friday, and so we saw some customer order sluggishness associated with the holiday weekend. You put that -- those two together, the Easter Holiday is probably another 80 basis points. So you got about 160 basis points of negative impact to the top line. And then you marry that together with macro acceleration through the year and we feel good about the revised guide that we gave everybody. And Bert, I don't know if you got any additional color.
Bert Nappier: Yes, look, I'll just say, Chris, when we think about the guidance for the year, we raised the outlook to $9.80 to $9.95. We really raised and tightened around a solid start to the year, the progress we've seen at U.S. Automotive, little bit better than expectation first quarter results and our restructuring activities being in line with our expectations. So we're making great progress, but we've got more work to do. As you noted, our guide assumes that U.S. Automotive and Motion accelerate through the year sequentially improve. First half is still going to be a bit moderated for all the reasons we'll just outline. And the second-half, we think gets better just on the general expectation of an improvement in industrial production and easing interest rates. I don't want you guys to think we're being overly precise about the correlation of interest rates and industrial activity in the outlook. It's not terribly specific. It's more like many companies, just a general view around our forecast that easing rates will be more supportive, more robust activity on the industrial side. And we're seeing a little sign of that with March data and no cuts right now. So we're bullish on the second half and believe that the environment will get better as we move through the year.
Chris Horvers: Understood. And then two quicks ones on the margin side. So first, on the vendor incentive program, how does that roll? So if it just change, do the benefits grow as the volumes grow? So would that be an accelerating tailwind to the gross margin over the year? And on the SG&A side, you talked about the restructuring. It's going to be $100 million to $200 million in costs, and you're basically saying it's only annualizing savings, slightly less than half of that. So why wouldn't it be something, I guess, more in line with the cost to restructure versus half of that rate? Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Yes. Look, on the vendor rebate program, we see that as pretty constant. It's not something that's going to accelerate through the course of the year. So I think that one is pretty straightforward. Look, on the restructuring program, when we think about that, it's a nice opportunity for us when you take it net-net, it's got a two-year payback. We had some variability in some of our assumptions as we started the year with the voluntary retirement program here in the U.S. But the good news is we're well underway on the restructuring activities. Just to frame it again, the overall program is going to cost us about 50% of the cost being on the people side, another 30% or so on facility actions. We'll get about 70% of the benefit we've outlined from people and about 15% from facilities, and then the rest is some other categories that probably not worth going into too much detail. In the first quarter, about 65% of the cost we incurred of the $83 million came from people, with the remaining being on facility optimization around the globe. As we look at the first quarter, the voluntary retirement program is complete. Most of the retirees left on March 31, and we wish them all the best in their new chapter in their life, largely came in line with our expectations. And we'll see those benefits start to accrue in Q2 as we move through the rest of the year. In terms of sizing, Chris, we gave ourselves a range. We're not done yet. We have a lot of work left to do through the rest of the year. So we've given you a range of $100 million to $200 million to give us some variability in where that may land. The big piece of that so far has been the voluntary retirement program, which, as I said, is finished. On the benefits side, we're estimating where we're going to be based on the take rate on the VRO and then some of the additional activities that are yet to come as we move through the rest of the year. Some of those are tied to very specific go-live dates with actions around facilities and DCs and those things. And as you know, we have an estimate of those things. They can be pulled forward and they can move back. So until we get a little bit more color, given we're just into the first quarter of the year, the fact that we're off to a good start is encouraging to us, but we'd like to give ourselves a little bit of room to work within the range until we get a little bit deeper in the year. So we'll keep you -- we'll keep you guys updated on that and we'll tighten it up when we can.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Thanks very much.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Melich: Hi, my first question was on inflation. I think I heard that it was still -- it's now trending slightly positive and you think it's sort of flat going forward. Was that true for both Industrial and Auto?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Greg, it's Bert. So the inflation impact for the quarter was less than 1% for all GPC. Both segments were pretty much in line with each other. Very, very slightly positive. So when I say less than 1%, it was pretty de minimis. And our outlook for the rest of the year is for it to stay at that less than 1% level.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then I wanted to go a little deeper. I think in the prepared comments, it might have been, Will, you mentioned Auto Care outperformed and the major accounts continue to underperform. Could you sort of give us more detail around that and how you see that playing out some of the initiatives and how that could change some of those performances in coming quarters?
Will Stengel: Yes, Greg, happy to. So Auto Care, obviously is a super important part of our commercial business and we've been incredibly intentional about making sure we're servicing that customer segment with a lot of excellence. So making sure that we've got the right sales coverage, the right economics to motivate those folks to grow and buy from us. And so we're seeing very nice traction in that part of our business, and we're encouraged by the trajectory of that. Major accounts, as we've talked about before is a pretty diverse book of business for us. It's about 15% to 20% of our commercial business. And inside that, there's four or five different flavors of accounts. We have very specific strategies for each one of those sub segments and focusing and being disciplined around making sure that our value proposition is upheld and intact. So I think as we think about the bigger national accounts, they are feeling some sluggishness from a cautious consumer. And so that's on top of the work that we're doing to make sure that we're covering the market in the major accounts and each of its segments in the right way with a lot of strategic intent. A - Will Stengel Hey, Greg. I would just add, we had the Auto Care Advisory Council in here very recently, the teams, that group is energized. We we've got a growing Auto Care base. The quality of our auto cares has never been better and that's a program now that's 18,000 members strong and growing. And our goal is just continue to capture more-and-more of their spend, which our team is doing a great job of executing. So that's a business that's been a hallmark of NAPA for many, many years. And certainly we're energized with the direction that group is going. Q - Greg Melich And if I could throw in one more. I think last year you bought in over 100 drivers, that was a real dial-up. I guess, is that -- are you continuing at that pace this year? How does that help all these initiatives to buy those folks in? A - Bert Nappier Well, look, Greg, it's Bert. We announced in Q1 or the year-end call that we were pivoting some strategy there around the independent owner model. Look, that model has been successful for many, many years and will continue to be. And both models work in our business and they'll stay in our business. We've refined the approach a little bit and we're going to lean into owning more stores where we can and see that mix shifting some over-time. And that's really around the opportunities we see in target priority markets. And so we're going to continue to accelerate the pace. We did so in the first quarter. We had 45 stores acquired from independent owners in the first quarter. That's against 33 stores in the fourth quarter and then that number in the prior year would have been 16. So we're excited about this opportunity and we think it's great for the business. It's going to allow NAPA to really control more of the transaction, the customer experience, the strategic priorities in key markets. And we think that's a real positive thing for the business. A - Paul Donahue Hey, Greg, and I'd also mention the acquisition of independent stores is not a new development for Genuine Parts Company. We've been doing that every year for as long as I've been here. As Bert mentioned, we see that accelerating in 2024, we saw it in Q1 and expect that to continue throughout the year. But our -- us buying and selling independently-owned stores is not a new phenomenon for GPC. Q - Greg Melich That's great guys, and good luck. A - Paul Donahue Thank you. A - Bert Nappier Thanks, Greg. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Please go ahead. Q - Henry Carr Good morning. This is Henry Carr on for Michael Lasser. I just wanted to ask, I believe you said you've been seeing more positive buying behaviors from your independent owners. What exactly is driving that? Thanks. A - Will Stengel Yes, Henry, thanks for the question. Look, I think -- I think one of the things that we've been very clear about is all these initiatives that I detailed in my prepared remarks, those are not just relevant for our business, but also our independent owners. And so we've been very thoughtful and close in our partnership, working with them to make sure that they've got the right inventory, they're running their stores and their businesses the right way operationally. And so when we say that we're doing initiatives around NAPA, it's not only company-owned stores, but also the independent owners. And I think -- I think those programs are having an effect. A - Paul Donahue Hey, Henry, I'd just -- I'd add to Will's comment. I think it's also evident of the great job our ops team is doing in improving availability and improving our overall supply chain for U.S. Auto. Q - Henry Carr Thank you very much. Operator The next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Q - Bret Jordan Hey, good morning, guys. A - Paul Donahue Hey, Bret. A - Bert Nappier Hey, Bret. Q - Bret Jordan Could you talk about, I guess regional performance for the U.S. business? And then I guess my second question would be the cadence of the quarter as far as the progression through the months.
Will Stengel: Yes. So I'm assuming this is a U.S. Automotive question. The progression -- the progression through the quarter was sequentially improved starting January, February, March. So March was a very strong month for us. As we look at regional, we had a good quarter in the East, Mid Atlantic, West kind of outperformers. And relative to those three parts of the business, Midwest and Southern were a little bit soft. As you know, we've got five divisions. They're all about equally weighted. So nothing of note, but that's how the quarter played out.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Company. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. [Technical Issues] business. If you could just go a little bit deeper on the regularization of the field teams that you mentioned, how broad is this? And what customer segment are you focused on with this reorg?
Paul Donahue: Hey, Seth, can you repeat the question? You cut out on us with your -- the first part of your comment.
Seth Basham: Sorry, within U.S. auto and the regularization of the field teams that you mentioned, how broad is this across the country and what customer segment are these field teams focused on?
Will Stengel: Yes, Seth, it's a national program. So it's having an effect in all parts of the U.S. Automotive business. The way to think about it is, this is our first pillar around sales effectiveness. And the concept is making sure that you've got your selling resources focused on the right customers. And so in particular, as we talked about the Auto Care segment, making sure that we got the right sales coverage for our Auto Care customers and then making sure that people in the stores are appropriately resourced and focused on making sure that we're getting parts out-of-the stores efficiently. So it's just -- it's a standard play in distribution to make sure that we're optimizing selling and then you complement all that with inside sales resources for folks and make sure you got real nice sales coverage across the entire customer-base. So it's a broad program, very common and excited about what it's going to do for the business?
Seth Basham: Got it. That's helpful. And then just a little bit more color around the changes in sales incentives. Are there changes for the independents that could be pulling forward any sales in the last couple of months?
Paul Donahue: We haven't made any meaningful changes to sales incentives for our sellers. We're obviously doing category management work each and every day. That's a cousin of strategic marketing. So thinking about promotion activity. And there's nothing new or different there in the first quarter unlike any other previous year. So we wouldn't expect a pull-forward.
Seth Basham: Thanks, Paul, and good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: The next question comes from Aaron Reed with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Aaron Reed: Yes, thanks for taking my call. I just want to touch on real quick. Inflation seems to be slowing. It sounds like you had it down 1%. Can you give a little more insight around what does wage inflation look like? Are you seeing that fall as well too or kind of where are you in that process?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Aaron, it's Bert. Look, I mean, I think when we think about the period from a year-ago with wages and some of the competition around labor, the environment certainly has abated and gotten much softer year-over-year. We're seeing in terms of how we think about labor more in-line with historical averages in terms of increases, some of the things we were having to do to invest a little bit more a year-ago have abated and we're not seeing those. So I would say year-over-year much more normalized environment and we've got that reflected in our outlook for the year. Some of that headwind of investment that we made last year, we saw impact the quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And some of those things where we were investing in our team members with a little higher wage increase and healthcare increases that we didn't pass on last year, well, we're seeing that pass by. And so I would just say that when we look at labor moving forward, a less intense and competitive landscape, easier ability to recruit and gain talent in a more normalized environment for wage increases.
Aaron Reed: Okay. Great. And then just one follow-up question. Something I've been actually looking at closely as well too is your own brand expansion across Europe. I was wondering if you could just give us an update on that and really how that's progressing?
Paul Donahue: Yes, happy to, Aaron. The -- look, the launch of the NAPA brand which occurred about four years ago, we started in the U.K., we anticipated it would be well received in the UK markets. It exceeded our expectations and actually accelerated our strategy to expand the brand across Europe. And I would tell you, Aaron, we have and continue to be very bullish on the reception the NAPA brand has received across Europe. We rolled -- we're in the process of rolling out in Spain now as we -- as we speak. And we expect that this year we'll cross the $500 million mark in outbound sales of the NAPA brand and we've done that in five years. So it's gone amazingly well.
Aaron Reed: Great. Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Your next question comes from Carolina Jolly with Gabelli. Please go ahead.
Carolina Jolly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I know you talked about the automotive cadence. I was wondering if you could touch anything on maybe industrial and anything you can talk about in terms of cadence there and any end-markets that might have done well in the quarter?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Carolina, thanks for the question. Happy to talk about that. The -- from the end-markets perspective, given some of the noise that I described with the weather and the March Good Friday, I'm not sure I would over-index or extrapolate some of the comments that I'll share with you. If you remember last call, we shared a little bit more detail about our 14 end-markets that we track and we saw kind of sequential improvement versus the prior quarter in two of those. We saw a little bit of step back in the sequential improvement. So we actually had three or four go the other way this quarter. Again, I wouldn't read too much into that. The short strokes are it's a mixed story out there. I commented a little bit about some of the areas of strength and weakness in terms of the types of categories. But through the quarter, we saw basically a mixed quarter, largely again driven by some of that weather. The January month was a little bit unusual and then March was a little bit unusual based on the Good Friday.
Will Stengel: Hey, Carolina, thank you for the question. I would comment as well on the end-markets that you mentioned. Iron and steel performed very well. We also saw a good strength out of the automotive sector in the quarter. Chemicals was strong, mining was strong. So we saw a good balance across a number of end-markets, which really gives us good optimism, especially when you combine it with the positive PMI number that came across in March, it certainly gives us good optimism about our Motion business in the -- in the remaining quarters of the year. So all good on that front, and thank you again for the question.
Carolina Jolly: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 09:34:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded on February 15, 2024. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Walsh, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Walsh: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Genuine Parts Company's fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining us on the call today are Paul Donahue, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Today's call is being webcast, and a replay will be made available on the company's website after the call. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for questions. The responses to which will reflect management's views as of today, February 15, 2024. If we're unable to get to your questions, please contact our Investor Relations department.  Please be advised, this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call also may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during today's call.  With that, let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Tim, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. We are pleased to report that Genuine Parts Company delivered on our financial commitments in 2023 and finished the year with a solid fourth quarter. Will and Bert will cover our results in more detail, but I'd like to share a few highlights.  During 2023, total GPC sales topped $23 billion, an increase of nearly $1 billion from the prior year and in line with our expectations. We improved our total company segment profit margins by 50 basis points to nearly double digits, and we had our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. And notably, we returned $788 million to our shareholders this year and today, we announced that our Board approved a 68th consecutive annual increase to the dividend.  Our teams around the globe delivered a strong performance while remaining focused on our long-term strategic initiatives to profitably grow our business and deliver value for our customers. I want to take this opportunity to thank our more than 60,000 GPC teammates across the world for their dedication and hard work. Our fourth quarter and full year results again demonstrate the value of our complementary business mix paired with our geographic diversity. At our Investor Day back in March of 2023, we showcased our strategic initiatives and announced long-term financial targets for the first time in our history, all focused on delivering for our customers and delivering shareholder value. Clearly, this past year had its share of challenges and opportunities, but our performance in 2023 was a good start to achieve our three-year goals highlighted by the following. Our Motion team completed the integration of Kaman Distribution Group, and we exceeded our synergy target a full year ahead of plan. As an integrated business, Motion is a clear leader in their space, providing industrial aftermarket solutions with a compelling value proposition to more than 200,000 customers around the world.  In addition, during 2023, Motion continued to roll out their fulfillment center strategy, which is driving cost efficiencies, inventory productivity and improved customer service levels. During the fourth quarter, I had a chance to visit our fulfillment center in Lakeland, Florida, and I can't say enough positive things about the team and their dedication to serving our customers. We're excited about the rollout of these facilities in 2024 and 2025.  Within Automotive, our International Automotive businesses outperformed our expectations in 2023. Our European team continues to expand their presence and gained market share through both strategic acquisitions and organic growth. In 2023, we expanded our presence in Spain, Europe's fifth largest car park with the acquisition of Gaudi, securing our position as the leader in this strategic market. And finally, the rollout of NAPA branded product in the European market has continued to surpass our expectations, a testament to the strength of the NAPA brand. In Australasia, our team is profitably growing market share with their fourth consecutive year of double-digit profit growth on top of industry-leading sales growth. Our supply chain investments in the region have improved the customer experience while driving productivity in our business. In North America, while results fell short of our expectations, we remain focused on our strategic initiatives and continue to make solid progress. We've undertaken a comprehensive review of the NAPA business to identify key issues, and we have taken action to improve the performance at NAPA. We are confident we are focused on the right initiatives to positively impact our performance in the quarters ahead. These initiatives, along with plans for long-term investments, were rolled out to our field leadership teams and across our independent owner group in December. The teams' competitive drive and energy were on full display, and we know that the best days for NAPA are in front of us.  And finally, as part of our long-term growth strategy, our teams continue to expand our footprint through bolt-on acquisitions. During the year, our global automotive store count expanded by 173 net new stores, up approximately 2% from 2022. We remain disciplined on our playbook for acquisitions and are confident in our ability to continue seamlessly integrating future businesses across all our segments and geographies to create value for our shareholders.  As we look ahead to 2024, we are seeing supportive industry fundamentals in both the Automotive and Industrial end markets. Within our global Automotive business, we continue to see an increase in miles driven and aging and complex vehicle fleet and high vehicle prices and financing costs all supportive for the Automotive aftermarket, and we remain uniquely positioned in this space with our global footprint. Within our industrial business, macro indicators like industrial production, and the Purchasing Managers' Index continue to show improvement after 15 months of contraction. We stand to benefit from a highly diversified portfolio of customers and end markets and we are well positioned now and in the future to capitalize on reshoring trends. While industry fundamentals remain supportive, broader macroeconomic factors like high interest rates and persistent inflation in everyday purchases are pressuring the consumer and businesses alike. That said, the vast majority of parts and solutions we provide across both businesses are great fits and non-discretionary in nature. In our business, parts availability is paramount, and we are leveraging our enhanced data analytics and science to have the right part in the right place at the right time. As we continue to navigate the environment in 2024, it is imperative that we remain agile and move forward with a sense of urgency. Given current market conditions, we need to continuously take action to position our business for long-term success. This morning, we announced a global restructuring initiative to further simplify and streamline our business. Will and Bert will share more about the specific actions we are taking, along with the financial implications. So in closing, we are proud to have delivered on our financial commitments for 2023.  We accomplished this while taking decisive actions to improve our NAPA business in the U.S. while at the same time, investing in our strategic priorities to drive profitable growth. We believe the execution of our strategic initiatives, along with our teams' relentless focus on our customers, will drive value for our customers and our shareholders, both now and for years to come.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by adding my thanks to the global GPC team for another great year and for their ongoing dedication to serving our customers. In addition to delivering solid financial results for the year, we also made significant progress on our strategic initiatives, many of which we shared at our Investor Day last March. Globally, we align our strategic initiatives around five foundational priorities, which include talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain and emerging technology complemented by disciplined and value-creating M&A. Our focus around these priorities drives global team alignment as we continuously improve the customer experience and deliver profitable growth. Turning to our results by business segment. During the fourth quarter, total sales for Global Industrial were $2.1 billion, an increase of 2% with comparable sales growth of 1% versus the same period last year and 18% on a two-year basis. Average daily sales were essentially flat in October with low single-digit growth in both November and December.  Motion saw mixed results across its various end markets similar to last quarter, with particular strength in iron and steel, chemicals and mining. Categories like equipment and machinery and oil and gas were underperformers relative to the fourth quarter average.  Motion continues to make excellent progress with initiatives, including sales excellence, pricing, e-commerce, technology and supply chain strategies that are helping to win profitable market share and improve productivity. For the full year, Motion sales grew $414 million or 5% with comparable sales of 5% and 22% on a 2-year basis. I'd like to take a quick moment to highlight our Motion team in Asia Pacific, who delivered a fantastic year. Sales and profit were up double digits in 2023 and the team continues to outperform our expectations. Industrial segment profit in the fourth quarter was $275 million, up 19% and 12.9% sales, representing a 190 basis point increase from the same period last year. For the full year, Industrial segment profit was $1.1 billion up 24% and 12.5% of sales, representing a 200 basis point increase from the same period last year and exceeding the 2025 target that we set at our Investor Day.  Bert will take you through more detail on our outlook for the Industrial segment margin, but we're confident that our strategic initiatives can continue to deliver margin expansion. Throughout 2023, the profit improvement in Industrial was primarily driven by strategic pricing excellent operating discipline, the execution of our productivity initiatives and the accelerated integration of KDG. When we announced the acquisition of KDG in December of 2021 we set a target of approximately $50 million of synergies to be accomplished over a three-year period. We're proud to say that the integration of KDG is complete and we've realized $70 million of synergies a full year ahead of schedule. Turning to the Global Automotive segment, during the fourth quarter our International Automotive businesses posted positive sales growth in local currency, while sales declined at U.S. Automotive. Total sales for global automotive increased approximately 1% for the quarter, with comparable store sales decreasing 3%. For the full year, total sales for the Global Automotive segment increased 4% with comparable store sales increasing 2%, in-line with our guidance. The moderation in the sales benefit from inflation continues to be a factor in our year-over-year comparisons. As expected, Global Automotive sales inflation moderated throughout the year and ended the year in the low single-digit range compared to a high single-digit range in the fourth quarter of 2022. Global Automotive segment profit in the fourth quarter was $259 million and segment operating margin was 7.5%, down 110 basis points. In the fourth quarter, all of our international geographies delivered margin expansion, although Global Automotive segment margin was negatively impacted by the performance at U.S. Automotive. For the full year, automotive segment profit decreased approximately 1% versus the same period last year and segment operating margin was 8.2%, down 50 basis points year-over-year. Now let's turn to our automotive business performance by geography. Starting in Europe, our automotive team delivered another strong quarter with total sales growth of 10% in local currency and comparable sales growth of 4%. For the year, total sales growth was 16% in local currency with comparable sales growth of 8%. We're winning profitable market share gains across our European markets due to the on-going execution of our initiatives and strategic value-creating acquisitions. During the fourth quarter, we saw low single-digit to double-digit growth across each of our geographies and for the year, we delivered mid-single-digit to double-digit growth across each of our markets. This was driven by continued wins with key accounts, winning higher share of wallet with existing accounts and expanding the NAPA brand, generating over $400 million in the region, which exceeds our internal target for 2023. Congratulations to the entire AAG team for another outstanding year. In the Asia-Pac automotive business, sales in the fourth quarter increased 2% in local currency with comparable sales growth of 1%. This compares to strong double-digit growth in the comparable period last year. Sales for both commercial and retail were up in the fourth quarter. The team is executing well, converting the sales momentum in the quarter into strong operating margin expansion. For the year, sales increased 7% in local currency and comparable sales increased 6%. Sales for both commercial and retail were up in the year with commercial growth up mid-single digits and retail growth up high single digits. Our Asia-Pacific team had another fantastic year and their fourth consecutive year of double-digit profit growth. They continue to drive market share gains, deliver strong operating leverage and strategically invest for long-term success. Congratulations again to the Asia-Pacific team on another great year. In Canada, sales grew approximately 1% in local currency during the fourth quarter, with comparable sales decreasing approximately 1%. For the year, total sales grew 5% in local currency, with comparable sales increasing 4%. We're pleased with the Canadian team's growth this year and the execution of their strategic initiatives, despite a softer macroeconomic backdrop and a more cautious consumer in Canada.  In the US, automotive sales declined 5.6% during the fourth quarter, with comparable sales down 6.1%. A reminder that our comparable sales figure includes same-store sales out from our company-owned stores, as well as same-store sales into our independent owned stores. In the quarter, sales to commercial customers were down low single digits, while sales to DIY customers were down mid-single digits. For commercial, NAPA Auto Care saw low single-digit growth while major accounts sales were down mid-single digits.  Let me provide an update on the priority actions we're taking at NAPA that we explained on our third quarter call. We detailed three key areas to improve, including operational rigor in our stores, addressing fill rates in key product categories and working with our commercial teams to address growth opportunities in the field. First, we completed changes to certain key suppliers to improve fill rates. The changes have improved category trends in the fourth quarter and we're encouraged by the positive momentum. Second, our in-store service levels measured by on-time delivery to customers have significantly improved, as a result of increased focus on last-mile operating disciplines. Lastly, our commercial efforts are on-going and were highlighted by the appointment of Tom Skov to a newly created role of EVP Sales and Store Operations for NAPA. Previously serving as a Division Vice President in the West, Tom has over 20 years of field sales and operations experience with NAPA. He's an automotive parts expert and has a deep understanding of our customer's field sales and store operations. We're excited for the strong leadership Tom will bring to our sales and store operations field teams. While these actions drove encouraging improvements, the fourth quarter results at NAPA still missed our expectations. As we mentioned previously, the fourth quarter and December in particular, were difficult year-over-year sales comparisons for NAPA. Our average daily sales growth for NAPA in the fourth quarter of 2022 was 10%, which included approximately 8% benefit from inflation with December 2022 sales up 13%. As expected, the benefit from inflation did not repeat in the fourth quarter of 2023. Further, December 2022 included the benefits of extreme winter weather for most of the U.S. With that context, as we look within the current fourth quarter for U.S. Automotive, the first two months of the quarter were in-line with our outlook that we shared last quarter. December performance, however, was well below our expectations, driven by unseasonably warm weather and moderated purchases from our independent owners. We have the opportunity to be with many of our largest owners at a week-long meeting in December. It was a productive series of discussions with high energy and good engagement. The outlook for the market fundamentals remains positive. We reviewed areas of commercial focus and detailed key initiatives to deliver profitable growth together. The NAPA competitive spirit is certainly high. A theme from the owner's feedback highlighted on-going efforts to manage their purchases as they balance operating costs in the current environment. Based on the session feedback, however, we remain optimistic that owners purchasing behaviors return to more normal patterns in 2024 and we're encouraged by the performance in January, albeit it's only one month. As we reflect on 2023 and move forward, we will continue to evolve our operating model at U.S. Automotive. We will be more intentional about owning more stores. A higher mix of company-owned stores in targeted priority markets enables us to service our repair shop and commercial customers more consistently and completely. We are also working actively to better align incentives with our independent owners to partner and grow together. We have current and future opportunities to create value in both our owned and independent owned locations. As an example, during the fourth quarter, we made strategic acquisitions of 33 NAPA stores from our independent owners, ending the year with approximately 1,560 company-owned stores up 20% versus 2021. While owner acquisitions have been a long-standing aspect of the business, these trends accelerated in the fourth quarter and second half of 2023 and we would expect these accelerated trends to continue into 2024. The NAPA business navigated unexpected challenges in 2023, but the team adjusted and took decisive action to step up our operational intensity, simplify our priorities and improve service to our customers. As we look back during the year, a few highlights. We brought in new leadership with Randy Brow now leading the team and a proven internal leader as the new CFO. These seasoned executives got to work quickly identifying opportunities and improved our business clarity and priorities. We quickly assessed costs and took action to increase productivity and efficiency. We partnered with new suppliers to address poor fill rates in select key categories and surgically invested in inventory breadth and depth. We identified opportunities within our stores and DCs to improve our processes to ensure that we're delivering our customer commitments and executing locally. We accelerated progress on foundational talent, technology and supply chain investments, including as one example, a strategic global partnership with Google for analytics and search. And we're encouraged by some recent wins, including a structured inside sales program, planned introduction of new product lines and recent traction with loyalty programs with key customers. In 2024, we believe that supportive industry fundamentals combined with clear priorities and urgent action position NAPA to deliver success. For GPC, overall, our global teams are already actively executing 2024 priorities, focused on our key strategic initiatives across our businesses. We know evolving market environments require us to continuously evolve with them and to that end, as Paul mentioned, we announced a coordinated restructuring program across each of our global geographies.  The primary objective of the global program is to continue to simplify and streamline our operations, consistent with our overall business strategy. When we simplify, we increase the speed of local service, deliver operational productivity, improve the efficiency of our teams and reduce our overall cost to serve. This program is a similar playbook to our previous GPC program implemented in fall 2019 that delivered positive results. Aspects of the restructuring are already in flight and some will take place in the months ahead. Bert will go over the financial details of our restructuring and his remarks and update you on how it's reflected in our 2024 outlook. In closing, GPC delivered solid fourth quarter and full year results and we achieved the plan we laid out for 2023. This was driven by the benefit of our strategic business mix and global geographic diversification. Most importantly, it was driven by incredible effort from our global teammates to take care of our customers, live our GPC values every day and deliver performance. We're committed to our plans for long-term growth, and we're confident our teams are focused on the right strategic initiatives that will deliver solutions for our customers and create value. Thank you, again, to the entire GPC team for another great year.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Will and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Our performance in the fourth quarter and full year continues to demonstrate our long history of delivering earnings and cash flow growth, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Our results, which include double-digit earnings growth in the fourth quarter and for 2023 were achieved while navigating through a dynamic and challenging year. Before I walk you through the key highlights of our fourth quarter and full year performance, I would like to note that we had no nonrecurring items in the fourth quarter and 12 months of 2023. Our comparisons to prior year, however, exclude nonrecurring items in 2022, primarily related to the integration of KDG and an adjustment in the fourth quarter related to a remeasurement of our product liability reserve. As we look at 2023, sales totalled $23.1 billion, up 4.5% from 2022 and consistent with our guidance. In the fourth quarter, sales increased 1.1% and with a 2% contribution from acquisitions and a 0.3% favorable impact of foreign currency and other. These items were partially offset by a 1.2% decrease in comparable sales. During the quarter, we experienced low single-digit levels of inflation in both our automotive and industrial segments in line with our expectations. As Will outlined, our fourth quarter sales performance was highlighted by the growth in Europe, Australasia and industrial, offset by the decline in U.S. Automotive. During the fourth quarter, our gross margin expanded by approximately 70 basis points. And for the year, our gross margin was 35.9%, an 80 basis point improvement from our adjusted gross margin in 2022. Our gross margin expansion was primarily driven by the execution of our strategic pricing and sourcing initiatives through investments in technology that enabled us to leverage data and analytics to ensure we have the right inventory for our customers to meet their needs. Total operating and non-operating expenses were 28.9% of sales in the fourth quarter, an increase of approximately 20 basis points from total adjusted expenses in the prior year. For the year, total expenses were 28.4% of sales, a 50 basis point increase from adjusted expenses in 2022. During 2023, we anticipated 60 basis points of deleverage related to our planned investments in team members and increased spending in technology, both of which came in line with our expectations. These investments were partially offset by cost actions throughout the year, particularly at U.S. Automotive. Despite the deleverage in SG&A, our fourth quarter gross margin expansion drove segment profit margin up 10 basis points to 9.6%. For the year, segment profit margin was 9.9%, a notable 50 basis point increase from 2022 and highlighted by our team at Motion driving an impressive 200 basis points of margin expansion on mid-single-digit sales growth with industrial now representing approximately 50% of GPC's profit pool. Our fourth quarter earnings were $2.26 per diluted share compared to $2.05 per adjusted diluted share in the same period last year, an increase of 10.2%. For the full year, earnings were $9.33 per diluted share compared to $8.34 per adjusted diluted share in 2022, an increase of 11.9%. Turning to our cash flows. For the year, we generated $1.4 billion in cash from operations and over $900 million in free cash flow, both in line with our guidance. During the quarter, we issued $800 million of senior unsecured notes and used $250 million of the proceeds to repay debt that matured in December 2023. We closed the year with $2.6 billion in available liquidity, and our debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 1.8x, which compares to our targeted range of 2x to 2.5x. Our capital expenditures in 2023, which totaled approximately $500 million or 2.2% of revenue, we're focused on driving the strategic initiatives we showcased at our March 2023 Investor Day. For 2023, 60% of our CapEx was growth capital centered on technology and supply chain capabilities, including projects related to distribution center expansion and modernization, fulfilment centers at Motion and using technology to enhance our catalogue and payment platforms. While modestly above our original expectations, the areas where we are investing are delivering good returns well above our cost of capital. We continue to make progress on the M&A front in 2023, a long-standing aspect of our growth strategy. During the year, we completed approximately 90 transactions, investing $309 million, with virtually all of these transactions in the Automotive segment. The blended EBITDA rate of the businesses acquired was over 9% on a pre-synergy basis and is accretive to our overall Automotive segment margin, demonstrating the discipline we have in the space. In 2023, we returned approximately $788 million or 55% of our operating cash flows to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $527 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and $261 million in cash used to repurchase 1.8 million shares. Before we turn to our outlook for 2024, as you heard earlier from Paul and Will, this morning, we announced a global restructuring designed to reduce our SG&A costs, improve efficiency and accelerate investments. In 2024, we expect to incur costs of approximately $100 million to $200 million related to our restructuring efforts, and we will report this as a nonrecurring expense. Through these efforts, we anticipate a benefit of $20 million to $40 million in 2024 and $45 million to $90 million on an annualized basis. Our current restructuring activities reflect our discipline to continuously refine and improve our business and ensure we are taking the necessary actions to position us to achieve our long-term targets. As we turn to 2024, we are balancing solid industry fundamentals, which remain supportive for long-term growth across our businesses against a backdrop of mixed economic conditions, driven by high interest rates and persistent cost inflation.  Despite this, we remain confident in the execution of our strategic initiatives and the benefits we expect to realize. For the year, we expect total sales growth to be in a range of 3% to 5%. We anticipate a more moderated first half and stronger second half in 2024 for both automotive and industrial. Included in our outlook is the assumption that the benefit from inflation remains at more normalized levels contributing less than 1% for both business segments. We are targeting full year gross margin expansion of approximately 20 to 40 basis points, primarily driven by our continued focus on our strategic sourcing and pricing initiatives. Our outlook assumes that SG&A will deleverage between 20 and 30 basis points from further investments in technology. Our technology investments are key to enabling our strategic initiatives. We expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.95 to $9.15 and adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.70 to $9.90, which represents an increase of 4% to 6% to last year. Our adjusted earnings per share guidance includes approximately $0.10 of EPS benefit related to our restructuring initiatives, which represents about half of the savings we are targeting for 2024. The successful execution of all our restructuring initiatives in 2024 provides an additional $0.05 to $0.10 EPS benefit, not included in our guidance. By business segment, we are guiding to the following; 2% to 4% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, with comparable sales growth in the 1% to 3% range. As we consider our sales guidance for automotive, our growth rate will be negatively impacted in 2024 and by approximately 100 basis points from new incentive programs associated with changes to certain supplier arrangements we previously announced in the U.S. Automotive business. Historically, these programs have been managed by our suppliers. Under the new arrangements, these will be managed by our U.S. automotive team. The new arrangements will be accounted for as a reduction of revenue, however, have a corresponding reduction of cost of goods sold and as a result, have no negative impact to gross profit. For Global Automotive segment margin, we expect 20 to 40 basis points of expansion year-over-year. For the Industrial segment, we expect total sales growth of 3% to 5% and with comparable sales growth in the 2% to 4% range. For 2024, we anticipate Global Industrial segment margin to expand by approximately 10 to 20 basis points year-over-year after finishing 2023 at 12.5%. Our performance in 2023 exceeded our long-term target of 12%, driven in part by our outstanding work to integrate KDG a year ahead of schedule. We will revisit our long-term target for Industrial in the future, but we see further opportunities for margin expansion in 2024 and beyond. And finally, we are targeting corporate expense to be approximately 1.5% to 2% of sales. Turning to a few other items of interest. With our strong balance sheet and cash flows, we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that fit with our long-term growth strategies regardless of the economic backdrop. In 2024, we will continue our long history of balanced capital allocation with four priorities; capital expenditures, M&A, our dividend and share repurchases. During the fourth quarter, we added a new capability and further flexibility to pursue strategic investments with our commercial paper program launched in December. Our cash flows will remain strong in 2024 as we expect cash from operations to be in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion with free cash flow of $800 million to $1 billion. As we outlined at Investor Day, investments in our supply chain and IT capabilities are central to our success. For 2024, we expect CapEx to be approximately $500 million or 2% of revenue, consistent with 2023. As we look at 2024, the growth capital we are deploying, which is approximately 55% of our forecast will drive modernization of our supply chain through automation and new DCs and fulfilment locations that are partnered with technology that enhances our customer experience like our investments in catalogue and search platforms through our partnership with Google. As we look at M&A, our global pipeline remains robust and we continue to remain disciplined pursuing opportunities that create value. Our strong track record of success, combined with our ability to put our balance sheet to work positions us well to further grow our global scale and footprint. In maintaining our focus on shareholder returns, this morning, our Board approved a $4 per share annual dividend for 2024, representing our 68th consecutive increase to our annual dividend. This represents a 5.3% increase from the $3.80 per share paid in 2023. In closing, our teams managed the business through a dynamic environment in 2023, including navigating unexpected pressures in our U.S. automotive business, while achieving mid-single-digit sales growth, gross margin expansion, segment margin expansion and double-digit earnings growth. As we look ahead to 2024, we will continue to strategically invest in our business for the long term while taking actions to better align our assets in the near term and maintain our strong balance sheet. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we move throughout the year. Thank you, and we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Horvers: Thanks, good morning guys. So my first question is regarding the independent versus the company-operated stores. Can you talk at a high level what the comp look like between those two segments? And more importantly, do you have a sense of what POS is versus inventory at those independents. Presumably the deferral can only last so long. And would you expect that catch-up to happen relatively quickly?
WillStengel: Morning, Chris. Thanks for the question. I'll take your first part there to start. The independent owners and company-owned stores for NAPA through the quarter were relatively similar with the exception of December, where we saw a tail off as we noted in our prepared remarks, from the independent owner purchases. So I would say largely similar through the quarter with the exception of December. On the inventory levels and purchasing relative to sales out we did see a positive inflection as we went through the quarter towards the end of the year. And so we are encouraged that as we come into 2024, those inventory levels will better reflect the sales out activity.
Chris Horvers: Got it. And then I guess as a follow-up and thinking about that, there was bad weather in December, good weather in January. So and you had the destock, restock. So I guess in light of that, can you talk about how you're thinking about the trend of the business? What's January? Should we look at those 2 months together? And how does that inform the cadence of U.S. NAPA over the year?
Bert Nappier: Chris, it's Bert. I'll take that 1 a little bit and maybe pull it up first before I talk specifically about January and getting into '24. But in terms of guidance, as you heard in my prepared remarks, we're looking for 970 to 990 for the full year, 5% at the midpoint. Just to give you a little bit more color, we think the first half is a bit more moderated on both segments than the second half. Second half, we think will be a bit stronger. And that's really around how we're thinking about the interest rate environment, perhaps what could happen there in the second half and rebounding and improving industrial activity in the second half as well for the Motion business. Beyond that, you know the macro environment is pretty choppy. We've got high interest rates, stubborn inflation. We've got a lot of geopolitical considerations we're looking at, including an election here in the U.S. On the other side, we've got some of our own headwinds with some interest rate expense headwind for the year, and we'll be normalizing, as I said in my prepared remarks on inflation benefits against 23 million and looking at the cadence of the quarters, I don't want to give quarterly guidance. But as I just talked about, moderated first half, stronger second half and a few things specifically for Q1, we'll have some interest rate headwind -- interest expense headwind, excuse me, and a difficult comp promotion, they comped at 12% last year. Still strong industrial production Q1 of 2023. We'll come up against that here in the first quarter of '24. And for the NAPA U.S. auto business, we'll be looking at a comp against some high single-digit inflation from Q1 a year ago. Taking all that together, a long answer here, but taking all that together, we do expect the NAPA business to improve sequentially from Q4 on a reported basis even with that headwind from inflation. And we're encouraged, as Will said, with what's happening in January. We really feel like we're off to a good start, met our expectations for what we were looking for in January. But as you also look at the cadence of the year, I still expect Q1 to be our weakest earnings quarter of 2024, but remain very confident in our full year guidance.
Chris Horvers: And just a finer point on that, would you expect both Motion and Industrial and U.S. NAPA to be negative in 1Q on an organic comp basis?
Bert Nappier: Well, look, I don't want to get into giving you intra-quarter guidance since I'm not going to give you the quarterly guidance. I'll just kind of stick with where we are, not focus on 1 month since 1 month doesn't make a quarter but we're encouraged by January, particularly in the NAPA business, it improved sequentially from December and better expectations to start the quarter.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Thanks very much.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Please go ahead.
Josh Young: Hi. Good morning. This is Josh Young on for Scot. So if we look at the performance of the U.S. auto business, why do you guys think you're losing so much share there? And what do you need to do to gain back share given that it's typically pretty difficult to drive meaningful share shifts in this industry?
WillStengel: Yes. Thanks for the question. Listen, I think we've shared both last quarter and this quarter, a lot of specificity about the work that we're doing proud of the progress that we're making. The script laid out a lot of the actions that we've taken specifically around operational intensity, inventory technology investments, field leadership, store operations, a big body of work, and we're highly confident that the team is going to turn it around as we move forward. So there's a lot to like -- we know we've got opportunities to get better, and we've got a lot of confidence in the team.
Paul Donahue: Josh, I would just tag on to what Will said. We -- look, we own our results for '23. We've touched on that. It's now behind us. We've got new leadership at NAPA. We've got an improved supply chain -- we've got improved search capabilities, new sales structure in the field, and we're confident that business, as I think I said in my prepared remarks, our best days are in front of us. So we're encouraged, as Bert said, by the early days and early weeks of 2024. And again, looking for better days ahead.
Josh Young: Got it. That's helpful. And then just one on margin. So if we think about the targets you outlined last year, obviously, you're running above that on industrial and you're talking about expansion for next year. But given what we've seen in auto for '23, how are you thinking about the target you laid out there?
PaulDonahue: Yes. On the Automotive segment margin, we're guiding to 20 to 40 basis points of improvement for the coming year. We're building off of a continued strength in Europe and Australasia. We've got great businesses there with great share and good growth opportunities. And as Will outlined, we're optimistic about where both of those businesses are headed. When we turn back to the U.S., we've got a lot of actions in flight, and we're bullish on the things that are happening Will outlined all of those, but I don't want to be repetitive. But January is off to a good start for NAPA. We're encouraged by the result there. And we think that business improves, as I said, as we move throughout 2024. I would couple that with our restructuring, our restructuring activities that we announced this morning are intended to streamline the business and improve our efficiency, and we expect to get good benefits there as well.
Josh Young: Yes. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. On the Industrial segment, where do you think margins can go now that you've experienced such significant growth over the last few years? And is there any reason to believe that you should give some of the growth back in the coming years?
BertNappier: Thanks, Michael. Look, we guided to 10 to 20 basis points of margin expansion for industrial in 2024 coming off of 12.5% in 2023 and 200 basis points of improvement this past year. I would just say the last 2 years have just delivered exceptional margin expansion for that business. We had good industrial production over that period. And most importantly, we had an outstanding execution of the integration of KDG. We got that a year earlier than we expected and at a higher level of synergy than we expected. So that helped the result in 2023. I'll be a little bit outsized, which is probably what's a normal run rate for the business. As we look at 2024, we'll operate in a little tighter economic environment. We'll have a little less top line in the first half than we did a year ago in the first half. And we're also going to be lapping those same KDG benefits that I just mentioned a moment ago. So 2024, we see a little bit of a recalibration for industrial back to what would be more historical for GBC in terms of growth, always committing to that 10 to 20 basis points of improvement. But having said all that, we see a long runway here. The industrial business is something we love. That team is just executing at a very high level. Will mentioned their operating discipline. They're focused on gross margin and we expect that to continue, which is why we've guided to more improvement this year, and we'll see that as we move into 2024 and beyond.
Paul Donahue: And Michael, I would just tag on to what Bert said, we've been able to accomplish this while in the midst of the longest contraction on the PMI numbers, I think, since about '08. So we fully expect -- well, we're encouraged by the move in the right direction in the PMI numbers, we'll see industrial production, I think, today comes out. But we're expecting that manufacturing to shift back to a positive sometime in 2024. And that's just going to benefit the top line, which will benefit the overall business.
Michael Lasser: Got you. My follow-up question is on North American auto business. What if you assume for market growth for 2024 within that segment, just so we can get a sense for how you're assuming your market share will trend in the year ahead? And have you made any assumptions around acquisitions within your growth expectations for this year? Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Michael, it's Bert. So we gave comp sales guidance for Global Automotive segment of 2% to 4%. I don't want to get into too much geographic difference. But we'll say that the market, when you take all of our geographies together, is somewhere between flat to 2% up. We've already talked about inflation, that will be about one point or so. And we're assuming that we'll get one point or so from acquisitions as we look at the automotive segment when we move through 2024. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on the breakdown of how we're thinking about sales growth.
Michael Lasser: Got it. All right, thank you very much and good luck.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning, guys. Morning, Bret. Could you talk a bit more about the strategy of expanding the NAPA company-owned store base? I mean it sounds like you've added reasonably substantially to that. And are there either sort of a profile of the target acquisition by market or size? And sort of how do we think about that from a CapEx and margin impact going forward?
Will Stengel: Yes. I'll take the first part, and then I'll pass it to Bert. Look, I think in 2023, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we reflected deeply on where we've got opportunities in the NAPA business here in the U.S. And part of that reflection was the strategic impact of owning more stores relative to independent owners. And that was accelerated as we talked about, based on some of the feedback that we heard from owners as they work through this kind of higher cost inflation and higher interest rate environment. And that led us to be very specific and strategic about market prioritization categorizing specific markets into different categories and then thinking about our operating model through that prism. And so the benefits of that, obviously, is takes some variation out of our network. It simplifies our network when we invest in initiatives the execution of those initiatives become easier throughout the network. And so I think there's a lot of qualitative and quantitative benefits that come from an evolution. The evolution will take time, obviously, but we think it's the right thing for us to do as we move forward. The good news, Bret, is that even when we look within our independent owner network and our company-owned network we've got great operations out there for us to replicate. And so while we will evolve over time, the value creation and operational opportunity in front of us is to get on both sides of the house, the underperforming stores up to best-in-class. And so that's a very actionable body of work. As it relates to capital allocation, I'll ask Bert to make a few comments.
Bert Nappier: Look, on the capital allocation side, this will show up as M&A. These are small acquisitions. And so that won't really be a CapEx number, but more of an M&A number. And look, they're very attractive to us. We have got a great balance sheet a lot of financial strength and flexibility to be able to lean in here and we'll have the ability to do that. These are attractive in terms of being accretive almost immediately as we recapture some of the margin we were sharing previously with an independent owner. We get to reduce some of the structural costs and the way we serve our customers. We'll capture some SG&A synergies, particularly on the IT side and with some of the team members and the overhead and back office ranks. And we'll drive some incremental sales, as Will mentioned. We really have an ability to partner our commercial activities where also with an independent owner, they may not be fully NAPA sourced, we'll be able to increase that as well. These are asset deals and always and generally in high-performing markets. So we like the lean here, and we think there's a lot to love.
Bret Jordan: Great. And then you commented that December, in particular, you saw independent volumes down or purchasing down. Is there anything -- was that a weather impact? Was that a sort of compounding effect of high rates on their cost of carrying inventory, sort of what do you attribute that air pocket and the independence too?
Will Stengel: Bret, I think you nailed it. I think it was a cumulative effect of both of those cumulative effect of rates through the year, getting to year-end, closing the books, if you will, softer weather and then just getting ready for maybe a more robust 2024. So as we said in our comments, we're encouraged by the first 3 or 4 weeks of the year here and hoping for a more normal 2020 for as we move forward.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Melich with Evercore. Please go ahead. 
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I'd like to circle back on the restructuring activity. So Bert, could you help us understand the $100 million to $200 million? Is it cash, noncash? What's the portion there? And in terms of the synergies, what segments do they show up? Where will we see that in the P&L over time?
Bert Nappier: I'll start maybe with the second part of that. So in terms of where will they show up in the P&L, this is a global restructuring. So we'll have all the business units participating. In terms of breakdown of where you'll see things -- the biggest part of our SG&A cost is people cost. And so you'll see the vast majority of the benefit. About 2/3 of the benefit we expect to get will come out of the people side. It will be about half of the cost. It starts already. So we've announced last week, a voluntary retirement program here in the U.S. That is the preponderance of the activity, and you'll see that show up in our U.S. business results as we move forward. The offer period for that closes here in the first quarter. So we won't expect any Q1 benefits of that, but you'll see those build as we get through the second half or last 3 quarters of the year. In terms of cash, noncash, I would say it's predominantly cash. We do have DC and facility consolidation. Some of that will be a noncash charge. But I would say at this point, particularly with the voluntary retirement offer in the U.S., it's predominantly cash. And then we both report it all at the nonrecurring expense as we move forward and call that out for you guys.
Greg Melich: Got it. I appreciate that. And I guess, back on the business, could you just level set us now I know we're up to the 1,500 stores that are company owned. Could you level set us on what isn't company-owned, Well, how many independents there are, what's company-owned and then also the mix of business that's NAPA AutoCare major accounts and then up and down the street.
Will Stengel: Yes. So today, Greg, for the NAPA business here in the U.S., it's about 25%, 30% company-owned and the balance independent owned. We have over 2,000 independent owners roughly. So that gives you some perspective. In total, we've got 6,000 stores in the U.S. So that gives you all the math there. As you look around the world, we have the independent owner model in Europe, obviously, it's about 1/3, 2/3 company-owned to independent on and about that same ratio in our Canadian business. And then we're a 100% company owned in our Asia Pac business.
Paul Donahue: Greg, this is Paul. I'll jump in on the second part of your question regarding the business breakdown, major accounts roughly in the high teens, 20% range. NAPA AutoCare, which we're incredibly excited about the progress we're seeing in NAPA AutoCare. We've had a big surge in memberships over the last 90 days. That's about 20% of our overall commercial business. You mentioned small kind of mom and pop up and down the street. We've got a program as well in place where we're focusing in on getting back some of that business. That's about 20% roughly. And then you've got government and fleet, which for us, Greg, that's a significant part of our commercial business and one that -- we have long been incredibly strong and that's about the balance of your 40% of your commercial business. So I hope that helps.
Greg Melich: It does. Thanks, and good luck, guys
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush. Please go ahead. 
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, Anne. Good morning. My question is on sell-in versus sell-through to independents in 2024. So as we sit here today, are you anticipating your guidance, those to be pretty equivalent?
Bert Nappier: Seth, I'm not sure I fully follow that. Run that one more time.
Seth Basham: Sell-in versus sell-out for your independents. How they finished destocking from your perspective so that we should see more pressure on comps from that effect?
Will Stengel: Yes, I think we're expecting 2024 to be a more normal year coming off of 2023, which was clearly challenged and different than our expectations.
Seth Basham: Got it. And then my follow-up is, Paul, you talked about the up and down the street customers. Perhaps that's 1 area where you've seen some of the most pressure on your business. Are there competitive dynamics there that you didn't anticipate? And what are your plans for getting back to that business specifically?
Paul Donahue: So I think Will mentioned, Seth, in his prepared remarks, he made some comments about our sales force restructuring more of and also taking an opportunity to learn a bit from our industrial team with an inside sales group that is focused on that type customer. There's nothing new on the competitor said, look, Seth, we've got great competitors, and they're tough and they ultimately raise the bar on us and make us better. And that's exactly how we're responding. So we think there's an opportunity to go back and capture some of that business, and we've got programs, incentives and people in place to make that happen. So again, encouraged 6 weeks into the year, early days, but we are encouraged with what we're seeing.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Daniel Imbro: Yes, hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Daniel
Daniel Imbro: Well, I want to start on the industrial side. I did get disconnected during Q&A, so apologies if you said this but obviously, industrial growth continued to outperform, I think, the broader market. I guess, what end markets are showing the most relative strength? And is that just share gains? And then when we look at the monthly cadence, this low single digit, is that the right exit rate as we think about 1Q and organic growth in the industrial side?
Will Stengel: Daniel, I'll take the first part of your question. I think previously, we've shared some commentary with you on the end markets that we track here internally. There are about 14 of them. And as I said in my prepared remarks, it's similar to Q3, it's a mixed mosaic as it relates to kind of growth versus contraction. Having said that, just maybe a few additional data points. As we look at the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter across those 14 in the fourth quarter, we had 9 of 14 in growth mode, which is an increase of 2 versus the prior quarter. And if you decomp that growth, we've got low single digits in 3 of them mid-single digits and 2 of them high single digits in 1 of them and double-digit growth in 3 of them. So on balance, we're encouraged by the sequential improvement versus third quarter and even in the 5 of 14 that are declining, we saw 3 of those 5 improve in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of perspective of, call it, the last 6 months' trends on all things end markets.
Paul Donahue: And then, Daniel, you asked about Q1. As you know, we don't give out quarterly guidance. What I would tell you, Q1 will be our toughest comp of the year, Daniel. And I think as Bert mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're looking for really a strong -- much stronger second half. But I will tell you this, our industrial team is focused, you hit it in your question. I do believe we're taking share. We've got the best team in the industry, and I have no doubt they'll deliver for us in Q1 as well.
Daniel Imbro: Great. I appreciate that. And then for a follow-up, I wanted to follow up on the restructuring. You talked about in the previous question, maybe where we're going to see it in the reported numbers. But I'm curious if we dig into like what kind of jobs are we actually reducing across the business? And how do you weigh that against the risk of service levels? It feels like some of your auto peers are investing into stores and into distribution. And so curious how you guys think about the competitive dynamics and how you view that risk in '24 as you try to maybe gain back some of the share?
Bert Nappier: Daniel, thanks for the question. Look, I would tell you that the big construct here is to protect the field customer-facing selling organization. It's super important to how we go to market how we can stay very competitive. And so as we look at the voluntary program in the U.S., which is, as I said earlier, the substantial majority of all the activity we're taking that voluntary program is very thoughtful. It's targeted to those that are closer to retirement, which is why it's a voluntary retirement offer. And mostly focused on management and back office spans and layers. And so I would just say that we feel really good about the thoughtfulness that was put in by our teams of how to make sure that we strike the balance here between continuing to serve our customers and deliver every single day, but at the same time, do the right thing for the business for the long term and streamline some of our costs.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks, Bert. Good luck, you all.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Daniel.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities:
Daniel Imbro - Stephens Inc:
Kate McShane - Goldman Sachs:
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tim Walsh, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Timothy Walsh: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Genuine Parts Company’s third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining us on the call today are Paul Donahue, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for questions. If we're unable to get to your questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. Please be advised, this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures which may be referred to you during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, let me turn the call over to, Paul.
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tim, and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. I'd like to start this morning with a few remarks on our overall performance before turning it over to Will, to cover the highlights of the automotive and industrial businesses. And then, Bert will get into the details of our financial performance, before we open the call to your questions. To recap the third quarter, total GPC sales were $5.8 billion, an increase of 2.6% compared to last year. Total company segment margin was 10.4%, a 70 basis point increase from last year, and diluted earnings per share were $2.49, an increase of 11.7% from adjusted diluted earnings per share in the same quarter last year. I want to take this opportunity to give a call out to our GPC teammates around the globe, as we delivered our 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth. Our third quarter results reflect our strong operating discipline and our ability to improve our operating margins and profits despite a more challenging topline environment. Overall, we continue to benefit from solid industry fundamentals in both the automotive and industrial end markets, including rational pricing environments in both segments. In our Global Automotive business, the underlying fundamentals of the aftermarket remain favorable, increasing miles driven, an aging and complex vehicle fleet, and high vehicle prices and financing cost. Within our Global Industrial business, we benefit from a highly diversified portfolio of customers and end markets, with overall growth driven by manufacturing and opportunities with onshoring and reshoring trends. Our automotive and industrial businesses are mostly break fix and non-discretionary in nature. And as a result, we remain focused on offering solutions that support our customers to have the right part, in the right place, at the right time, across both business segments. Sales in our industrial business were up slightly in the third quarter, and the team continues to deliver exceptional profit conversion as evidenced by a 180 basis points of segment margin expansion. During the quarter, demand trends were positive, but continued to moderate relative to the first half as expected. Over time, Motion has transformed its business into an industrial solutions provider, with a compelling value proposition. Motion serves diverse end markets with many of its product offerings being highly technical in nature. In addition, with the acquisition of KDG, Motion has added scale and enhanced its industry leading offering of value added services, such as fluid power, automation, conveyance, and repair. The Motion team is focused on executing on our strategic initiatives to expand gross margin, while remaining disciplined on cost, driving further segment margin expansion. Turning now to our Global Automotive business, we continue to see strong results across our international automotive businesses with the eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth in Europe, and record sales and profits in Australia and New Zealand. Our teams continue to focus on our key organic initiatives, in addition to our bolt-on acquisition strategy. During the quarter, we announced the acquisition of Gaudi, one of the largest independent players in Spain, Europe's fifth largest car park, building on our 2022 acquisition of Lausan, Gaudi mainly operates in the Catalonia and Madrid regions, and creates further scale, and a national platform across Siberia, with the addition of 22 stores to our market leading position. We expect this acquisition to be accretive to our European business post synergies. We welcome the Gaudi team to GPC. While we were pleased with the growth internationally, the U.S. automotive business performance was below our expectations, with sales down 1.1%. Let me take a moment to share a few thoughts on the performance of U.S. auto. There is no doubt we've seen some challenges in 2023. From the record levels of inflation seen a year ago, which benefited the industry and have faded throughout 2023 as anticipated, it challenges across our own execution. Our year-to-date results demonstrated that we have not operated to our full potential in 2023. As many of you know, success in the automotive aftermarket is highly dependent on availability of inventory. Particularly for the important DIFM customer, which represents approximately 80% of our automotive revenue. Further, the automotive aftermarket has demonstrated consistent performance throughout all economic cycles. As we close out 2023, we are taking actions to better service our customers, and ensure our commercial activities are where they need to be. Under the leadership of Randy Breaux, we are confident the U.S. automotive team has taken the measures to improve execution with our customers. Will, plans to discuss these actions in greater detail. And before passing the call over to Will, we'd like to highlight our 2023 sustainability report, which we published earlier this month. At GPC, we embrace our responsibility to build a more sustainable and equitable future for our planet. This year's report highlights the progress we've made as a company to measure and reduce our carbon footprint. This year, we are proud to report that in 2022, we further improve the measurement of our carbon emissions and have reduced scope 1 and scope 2 emissions by over 10%. We encourage you to build the sustainability page on our website for more information on our progress. So, in closing, our performance in the third quarter, again, demonstrates our unique and differentiated portfolio. Will and I continue to visit with our global teams, including a recent trip to Europe and Australia. The teams are investing in the right areas of the business to drive long-term profitable growth, and they couldn’t be more energized. We enjoyed a benefit of strong global brands and the GPC culture is alive and well across all our global operations. Further, we remain committed to the strategic investments and initiatives that we highlighted at our Investor Day back in March. We believe these investments are critical to our long-term success and are contributing to our financial performance both now and for years to come. We want to thank each of our 58,000 GPC teammates for their hard work and continued dedication to serving our customers around the world. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to, Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by also thanking the global GPC team for their ongoing commitment to serving our customers. We appreciate the hard work every day to deliver parts and solutions that help keep the world moving. It's great to see the teams work together as one GPC team to deliver customer success. We do this with coordinated focus on our foundational priorities, including talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain, and emerging technology complemented by disciplined M&A strategy. To that end, I'd like to take a moment to specifically recognize the global teams for the progress on our numerous in-flight initiatives around the world. We're executing a broad set of initiatives across our global business and making strong and steady progress. The teams are simultaneously working to evolve the business for the better, while delivering on our day-to-day service commitments to our customers. As we detailed at our Investor Day, we believe we have compelling opportunities to invest back in the business and are excited about the progress and outlook. As Paul mentioned, we have great examples of progress around the world, specific examples range from state-of-the-art distributions centers with automation and next generation technology, enhanced data visibility and analytics capabilities, added talents and expertise, modernize technology platforms to enhance growth and productivity, and much, much more. We know the teams are working hard to execute the body of work, so thank you very much. Now, turning to the details of the business segment results. Before I get into the specifics, I should mention that the third quarter had one less selling day in the U.S. when compared to the third quarter last year. This impacted our total sales and comparable sales growth versus prior year, for both our industrial and automotive segments. During the quarter, total sales for Global Industrial were $2.2 billion, an increase of 0.6%. We estimate that the one less selling day negatively impacted Global Industrial sales growth by approximately 160 basis points. Total sales for Global Automotive were $3.6 billion, an increase of 3.9% with a negative impact to Global Automotive of approximately 100 basis points, due to the one less selling day. Now, turning to the Global Industrial segment. Our quarterly results were essentially in-line with our expectations, and we remain ahead of our year-to-date plans. Recall that our expectation was for industrial growth to be lower in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Comparable sales growth increased 0.3% in the third quarter versus the same period last year. The same period last year was our highest quarterly comp during the year at approximately 20%. The monthly average daily sales cadence through the quarter was relatively consistent with each month of the quarter up low single digits. During the quarter, Motion saw a more mixed result across its various end markets with the strongest growth coming from industries such as food products, iron and steel, and mining, offset by relative softness in equipment and machinery. As mentioned, Motion continues to make excellent progress with initiatives including sales excellence, pricing, e-commerce, technology, and supply chain strategies that are helping to win profitable market share. As one example, the inside sales team initially formed in 2020 now covers approximately 25% of active customer accounts. The proactive sales calls are helping to drive profitable double-digit growth across the selling channel with a lower cost to serve. Our technology investments supporting revenue growth are also helping deliver better customer experience, with nearly 30% growth across e-commerce channels year-to-date, and e-commerce now at over 30% of total sales, up approximately 6 percentage points since 2021. Motion's second new fulfillment center in Fort Mill South Carolina is another example of exciting progress. This supply chain initiative consolidates various older legacy facilities while improving productivity, efficiency, speed, and service to customers. Our first fulfillment center in Lakeland, Florida opened at the end of 2021 and has delivered outsized sales growth a 10% reduction in operating expenses and corresponding profit margin expansion. We'll continue to roll out this strategy with additional fulfillment centers opening scheduled for 2024. In Asia Pac, our Motion team delivered another strong performance in the third quarter with double digit sales and profit growth. Local teams are energized as reaffirmed by recent independent survey data showing high levels of team member engagement combined with market leading customer satisfaction rates. Motion is a trusted value-added advisor to its customers, and the team has detailed plans to win additional share in this fragmented market. Industrial segment profit in the third quarter was approximately $283 million up a strong 16.6% and a 12.9% of sales representing a 180 basis point increase from the same period last year. The profit improvement in industrial was driven by another quarter of excellent operating discipline in both North America and Australasia. The accelerated integration of the KDG acquisition has contributed to the strong performance and we will exceed our $15 million synergy estimate by the end of this year. Turning to the Global Automotive segment. Similar to the first half of the year, total automotive sales benefited from our global diversification with our international auto businesses outperforming with mid-single-digit to double-digit sales growth in local currency. Comparable sales for the Global Automotive segment increased 0.6% in the third quarter and by geography include low to mid-single digit growth in each of our international businesses in comparable sales of negative 2.9% in the US. The moderation in inflation continues to be a significant factor in our year-over-year performance. As expected, Global Automotive sales inflation moderated in the third quarter to low single digits from mid-single digits in the second quarter. By comparison, in the third quarter of 2022, Global Automotive benefited from high single digit levels of sales inflation, which includes a benefit in the US of approximately 10%. We expect sales inflation in Global Automotive to be low single digits in the fourth quarter. Global Automotive segment profit in the third quarter was $322 million up approximately 4% versus the same period last year, and segment operating margin was 8.9% flat with last year. In the quarter, each of our international geographies delivered margin expansion, while US Automotive segment margin was down due to expense deleverage related to planned investments and the impact of lower sales. Now let's turn to an overview of our automotive business performance by geography. In the US, as Paul outlined, automotive sales declined approximately 1% in the third quarter with comparable sales down 2.9%, which includes the negative impact of one less selling day year-over-year as I had previously mentioned. Further, the third quarter of last year included the benefit of sales associated with our NAPA Expo. A sales event held approximately every five years, which negatively impacted our year-over-year comparisons by an estimated 170 basis point. Collectively, these two factors represent approximately 340 basis points of headwind in evaluating our year-over-year growth performance in the US. In the third quarter, sales to both commercial and retail customers were down slightly with commercial and DIY essentially performing at similar levels. Our commercial business was mixed in the quarter as fleet and government outperformed and major accounts remained pressure driven by the impact of tighter market conditions on the end consumer. The average daily sales cadence by month was July, slightly up, August, down low single digits, and we exited the quarter with September up low single digits. It's fair to say that our performance in the US automotive business was below our expectations, and we believe the underperformance is a combination of execution and further tightening of market conditions. On the execution side, we have not been crisp enough in the field with service to our customers. In addition, while supply chains have improved significantly post pandemic. We've experienced some lingering issues with inventory availability in a few product categories. Finally, the impact of tightening market conditions, including higher interest rates and persistence levels of higher cost inflation, has created a more cautious trading environment for our customers. Despite the challenges we're taking action, first, in terms of service in the field, we've taken actions to intensify our operational rigor at stores, and DCs as well as further enhanced our inventory strategies powered by investments we've made in data analytics tools. Second, we've experienced fill rates below our acceptable levels in a few product categories. This fill rate performance has taken too long to remedy post pandemic and as a result, our merchandising teams partnered with alternative suppliers to address the issue to ensure our markets are properly stocked. Finally, while we can't control the overall market conditions, we are working closely with field sales to drive incremental growth opportunities and we continue to be disciplined on costs, including ongoing cost actions, which Bert will discuss further. As mentioned, we've underperformed our expectations at US Automotive in 2023, but with new leadership enrolled for 100 days now, the team has clarity of the priority opportunities as taken actions and are quickly moving to get where we need to be. With solid industry fundamentals and the team's competitive drive to win, we're confident our US automotive team is positioned to overcome our recent challenges and execute on our long-term strategy to profitably grow share. In Canada, sales grew approximately 4% in local currency during third quarter with comparable sales growth of approximately 3%. During the quarter, our automotive and heavy-duty businesses grew mid-single digits and low single digits, respectively. And we are pleased with the Canadian team execution of their strategic initiatives despite macroeconomic pressures and a cautious consumer. In Europe, our automotive team delivered another strong quarter, which total sales growth of approximately 11% in local currency and comparable sales growth of approximately 7%. We continue to drive strong growth in market share gains across our European markets due to the ongoing execution of our initiatives and strategic value creating acquisitions. During the third quarter, we delivered mid-single digit to double digit growth across each of our geographies driven by continued wins with key accounts, winning higher share of wallet with existing accounts, and expanding the NAPA brand in the region. In addition, the team's making excellent progress on our new National Distribution Center in France that Paul, Bert and I had a chance to visit. Scheduled to open in 2024, this 50,0000 square foot facility helps evolve the network's strategy and upgrades the level of technology and automation within our supply chain. This effort complements a similar investment in the UK, and the teams are working well to leverage best practices. We expect these facilities to further drive productivity and efficiency as well as increased service level to our customers. In the AsiaPac Automotive business, sales in the third quarter increased approximately 6% in local currency with comparable sales growth of approximately 5%. Sales for both commercial and retail were solid in the third quarter, with retail growth slightly above commercial. Having recently visited with this world class team, it's impressive to see the team consistently executing at such a high level and delivering another quarter of record sales and profitability. Our AsiaPac team is driving market share gains, improving profitability, increasing its employee value proposition all while executing strategic initiatives to create long term value. In closing, the global GPC team delivered solid third quarter results, driven by the benefit of our strategic business mix, and global geographic diversification. We remain committed to our plans for continued growth through the balance of the year despite a dynamic environment. We're confident our teams are focused on the right long term strategic initiatives that will deliver customer solutions and create value. Thank you again to the entire GPC team for your hard work, your performance, and your dedication to taking care of our customers. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bert. Bert Nappier Thank you, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Our performance in the third quarter reflects the operating discipline in our business, alongside the focus by our teams to serve our customers, which is evident with our double-digit earnings growth for the quarter. Before I walk you through the key highlights of our third quarter performance, I would like to note that we had no nonrecurring items in the third quarter and nine months of 2023. Our comparisons to the prior year, however, excludes certain nonrecurring items in 2022, primarily related to the integration of KDG. Double GPC sales increased 2.6% to $5.8 billion in third quarter of 2023. This reflects a 0.5% improvement in comparable sales, which includes low single digit levels of inflation, a 1.7% contribution from acquisitions, and a 0.5% favorable impact of foreign currency. Our sales performance reflects ongoing strength in international auto, continued, but moderating growth in industrial, offset by a decline in sales at US Automotive. Further, 1 less selling day in our US businesses negatively impacted sales growth by an estimated 120 basis points. Our ongoing execution of our strategic pricing and sourcing initiatives were the primary driver of our strong gross margin expansion. Gross margin was 36.2% in the third quarter, 130 basis point improvement from the same period last year. Given our performance year-to-date, we now expect our grow margin rate for the full year to improve 50 to 60 basis points from 2022, an increase from our prior estimate of 30 to 50 basis points of improvement. Our total operating and non-operating expenses in the third quarter were $1.6 billion or 28.2% of sales. This compares to total adjusted expenses of 27.5% of sales in the third quarter last year, or an increase of approximately 70 basis points. The SG&A deleverage in the third quarter is primarily attributable to a few key factors, planned investments in wages and benefits for our teams, and increased spending and technology to support our strategic initiatives. These investments in wages and benefits for our team members impacted SG&A by approximately 35 basis points, while investments in IT and digital impacted SG&A by approximately 25 basis points in the third quarter. As you heard earlier from Will, within SG&A, the US Automotive team has been working hard to execute on cost improvement actions. The team has been successful in reducing headcount, implementing a hiring freeze, and driving discipline around travel and other discretionary costs. These actions are on track and equate to approximately 15 to 20 basis points of benefit which is embedded in our annual guidance and year to date results. For the full year, we continue to expect SG&A deleverage of 30 to 40 basis points based on our investments in our team members and IT. Our third quarter revenue growth and gross margin expansion drove total segment profit of $605 million up 9.6%. Segment profit margin was 10.4%, a 70 basis point increase from last year and our seventh consecutive quarter of margin expansion. This quarter's segment margin expansion is a clear reflection of the value of our portfolio diversification, highlighted by Industrial, which now represents nearly 50% of GPC's segment profit. While we deliver strong overall margin expansion driven by industrial, our Global Automotive segment margin was flat due to US Automotive. We've demonstrated consistent improvement throughout 2023 as global auto segment margins improved again sequentially. Further, we have identified opportunities to improve execution at our US Automotive business and position the business to take share. With a combination of operating discipline and ongoing investments in strategic initiatives to drive further operational efficiencies and productivity for the year, we now expect GPC segment margin expansion of 40 to 50 basis points and increase of our previous outlook of 20 to 40 basis points of improvement. Our third quarter net income was $351 million or $2.49 per diluted share. This compares to adjusted net income of $317 million or $2.23 per diluted share in 2022, an increase of 11.7%. Turning to our cash flows. For the first nine months of 2023, we generated $1.1 billion in cash from operations and $733 million in free cash flow. We closed the third quarter with $2.2 billion in available liquidity, and our debt to adjusted EBITDA is 1.6 times, which compares to our targeted range of 2 to 2.5 times. Highlighting our flexibility and the strength of our balance sheet. We remain committed to our four key priorities of capital allocation, which include the investment in our business through capital expenditures and M&A and the return of capital to our shareholders, through dividends and share repurchases. During 2023, we have invested $350 million in capital expenditures, including $145 million in the third quarter. We remain disciplined investing in initiatives we believe will drive modernization and long-term growth for our business, as acquisitions remain a key element of our growth strategy we invested $211 million year to date for acquisitions, including the investment in Gaudi to expand our market leading position in Iberia. We continue to generate a robust pipeline of bolt on acquisition targets for our business. Thus far in 2023, we have also returned approximately $565 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $393 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and $172 million in cash used to repurchase 1.1 million shares. We remain well positioned with solid cash flows and a strong balance sheet to effectively deploy our capital through any economic environment. Turning to our guidance. We continue to navigate a balanced mix of headwinds and tailwinds as we move into the fourth quarter. With that backdrop, we are reiterating our full year sales guidance and updating our diluted earnings per share guidance previously provided in our Q2 earnings release. We now expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $9.20 to $9.30 an increase of approximately 10.3% to 11.5% from 2022. This compares to our previous outlook of $9.15 to $9.30. Our sales guidance is unchanged and we continue to expect total sales growth for 2023 to be in the range of 4% to 6%. By business segment, we are guiding for the following, 4% to 6% total sales growth for the Automotive segment with comparable sales growth in the 2% to 4% range. Within this outlook, we expect international automotive to be at the high end or above this range with US Automotive below. We also expect Global Automotive segment margin to be flat to slightly down for the year. For the Industrial segment, we expect total sales growth of 4% to 6% with comparable sales growth also in the 4% to 6% range. As expected, the sales growth within this segment has moderated along with the industrial economy, and our outlook includes low-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. For the year, we now expect Global Industrial segment margin to expand by at least 150 basis points year-over-year. We are reaffirming our outlook for cash from operations and free cash flow. We expect cash from operations to be in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, and free cash flow to be in the range of $900 million to $1 billion. We continue to plan for capital expenditures of $375 million to $400 million for the full year, which includes incremental investments in technology, and supply chain, among others. In closing, our third quarter double-digit earnings growth demonstrates our ability to improve earnings and expand margins and low growth environments backed by a strong balance sheet and returns to our shareholders through our dividend. Our teams are delivering on what we said we would do for 2023, including our expectations for mid-single-digit sales growth, gross margin expansion, segment margin expansion and double-digit earnings growth for the full year. We look forward to closing the year strong and reporting on our fourth quarter and full year results on our call in February. Thank you. And we will now turn it back to the operator, for your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Scot Ciccarelli of Truist. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. I know your Investor Day wasn't all that long ago, but you guys had outlined some margin targets for each of your divisions, and while we've seen great progress on the industrial side. How are you guys thinking about your automotive margin targets given the performance from the last few quarters?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Scot, Bert. Thanks for the question. Look, I don't think we've changed how we're thinking long-term. We've got two years left on that cycle. And again, as we close out this year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're looking for Global Automotive segment to be, flat to slightly down. With two years left, it's not unusual to get to a three-year plan a little differently, maybe than you started in March, and when we announced all that, but we still, still feel confident that the levers are there. As we look at the long-term margin expansion, particularly for auto, we got pricing and category management benefits. So, when talk about pricing and sourcing benefits and gross margin expansion. We'll continue to see those levers. And we've got further long-term investments, and that's really how we're thinking about this. We've got some short-term challenges, but a long-term investment around things like supply chain, investments in IT, those remain in early innings. And so, we're really still bullish on the long-term despite some of this near-term choppiness.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. That's, that’s helpful. And then given some of the near-term choppiness, and you guys are obviously implement -- implementing various improvement processes to improve the U.S. auto business. But, the way this business typically works is, once you lose market share, it's kind of hard to get back. So how are you guys thinking about -- can, can you actually -- are you guys thinking that you can call that market share back or, are the changes you're implementing really just kind of patching holes in the ship and stopping incremental share losses? Thanks.
Will Stengel: Yes, Scott, it's Will. Let me, let me add a few thoughts. And I'll start by just saying, the U.S. Automotive team, just to be very clear, is working incredibly hard every day to take care of their customers and be easy to deal with, and as you know, better than anyone, what that means for customers is, we got to be in a position to offer them the right quality part in the right place at the right time, and have that transaction be seamless. Once that product is available in the market, we needed to efficiently and quickly speak -- efficient and quick to search for the part and then pull the part and get it to the customer. And so, when you think about what we're working on everyday, we have the opportunities probably to be better in, each part of that. There's no single point of failure that has recently developed. I think this is just a call to action for the team that we need to be better across the board. The good news is, as you started with your question, and our initiatives that we detailed at Investor Day are all focused around these customer needs, and we're making good progress. And while, we might have been disappointed with recent performance, and might indicate that we've given back a little bit of share, we still feel good about what we're working on. We just need to do that body of work with more urgency at a faster pace.
Paul D. Donahue: And Scot, I would, I would just add on to that. Look, we've been in this business a long, long time. There's nothing structural, that has shifted or changed in, in our business or in our, in our structure. We know the levers to pull, will hit on them. And trust me, there is a sense of urgency up and down, up and down the organization to get it done. I have no doubt we'll get it done.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lasser of UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Lasser: Good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. On the U.S. auto business, can you frame how much market share you have locked in the most recent quarter, and how does that compare to the run rate, or is that, is it getting better, or is it getting worse?
Paul D. Donahue: And, Michael, can you repeat the last part of that question, you're, you're kind of fading in and out on it.
Michael Lasser: Sorry, Paul. Sorry.
Paul D. Donahue: That’s all right.
Michael Lasser: Are your share, yes, are your share losses getting better or are they getting worse?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Michael, I don't think it's getting worse. Listen, I think we're clearly disappointed with the recent performance. And as I said, that plus some of the performance of our credible competitors would indicate we've given back some share over the last couple of quarters. But maybe a few thoughts to elaborate on the whole, share thought, which is -- we've always had strong competition in this profit pool, both large and small. And as I said with Scot, it takes consistent execution everyday to serve those customers. And we just haven't performed to, our expectations in '23. I would tell you we have seen with the supply chain challenges moderating over the last 12 months, some of our smaller competitors have gotten more healthy, as it relates to inventory. And so, we're seeing them, playing from a different place of strength than they were maybe 12 months or 24 months ago. The good news is, is that we play in a huge market. It's very fragmented. And as, Paul said, we know what we need to do to return to a position where we're taking share. But we're not, we're not feeling like it’s getting worse. We've got a good line of sight of what we're working on and taking action as we talked about on the call.
Paul D. Donahue: And Michael, Michael, I would just add to that, that you really have to break down. I mean, it's a very broad question, when you start thinking about and talking about market share. It's very fragmented industry. Yes, you have the big four, but then you've got you know, independent WDs scattered throughout the country, along with, with others. So, you really got to look category-by-category. And what I'm pleased to see, and I'm encouraged to see is that when I look at specific product categories, product categories that move the needle, for our business, we have made changes, and we have improved our availability and we've improved our supply chain. And I would tell you if we're at fault for anything, it's it took us too long to make those changes. I think we'll touch on that. So, yes, no doubt better days are ahead and the team under Randy's leadership are all over.
Michael Lasser: It’s just my mic problem. Thank you very much for that. And my follow-up question is [Technical difficult]
Bert Nappier: Hey, Michael, it's Bert. You're still cutting out pretty, pretty bad. We can't hear you very well. Could you get a look --
Michael Lasser: So hopefully, that's better.
Paul D. Donahue: Oh, yeah, much, much better.
Michael Lasser: All right. All right. Sorry. But my follow-up question is, some of the share dynamics influenced general parts -- Genuine Parts ability or willingness to do acquisitions in the U.S. auto business right now?
Bert Nappier: Hi, Michael. It's Bert. And first and foremost, welcome to the, to the universe of coverage for GPC. Thanks for joining, joining us. We appreciate that. I would say no. I mean, look, we look at what we're -- what's happening here, and as Will and Paul have given me some color on, really just as something we're managing through here in the near-term. The great thing about GPC is that we performed pretty well through all cycles. We've had $1.1 billion of cash generated here year-to-date $733 million of free cash flow. We have a tremendously strong balance sheet, and we're improving our margins and growing earnings double-digits despite some softer topline. And so, I think the great thing is that the performance of the business holistically allows us to continue to take advantage of the market including the M&A market and investments in capital expenditures that are great for the business long-term. And so while we may have a little choppiness short-term, it doesn't impact our ability to move, as we need to move, whether it's in U.S. automotive on M&A or the whole portfolio.
Michael Lasser: Thank you. Sorry for the background.
Bert Nappier: No worries. Thanks, Michael.
Paul D. Donahue: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. Some I'd love to go a little deeper in the trend through the quarter and the exit rate and particularly how, inflation may have impacted that.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Greg. It’s Bert. I'll talk about inflation first, and then we'll come back to, kind of, our views on guidance and outlook. I think we've talked about this a little bit along the way throughout the course of the year. Inflation has really developed almost exactly as we expected with where we thought we would to begin the year. That's a little bit of a surprise and that we could be, kind of, that consistently, planning and thinking out the way we're thinking about the trends of inflation. We thought they'd moderate through the course of the year and they have. So, we started the year, with a mid-single-digits, moving to low-single-digits in Q2, all up low-single-digits here again in the third quarter. And we expect to finish out the year in low-single-digit. So, really has followed how monetary policy has been implemented around the world and tick down as we expected. One thing to call out on inflation, I think it's important to keep in focus and, Will mentioned it in his prepared remarks, inflation or said differently price, was a significant tailwind in 2022 for the automotive aftermarket. And that's dissipated in 2023, as I just kind of outlined. In particular, in third quarter a year ago, we were looking at inflation and sales at the high-single-digit level for the Global Automotive segment with the U.S. at nearly 10%. And that's a pretty tough comp when you think about low-single-digits for this particular period that we're coming up against. So, I think right now, moving as we expected, we'll close out the year low-single-digits, across the board. In terms of the outlook and how we're thinking about the rest of the year, bringing that up just a level, it'll start at the highest level and then maybe work down through getting to U.S. automotive. We think we've had a great quarter in terms of earnings growth, double-digit earnings here in Q3. That gave us some confidence to narrow our range and lift the bottom up, with a new guidance range of $9.20 to $9.30. As I said in my prepared remarks, we really have a mix of tailwinds and headwinds, tailwinds, solid industry fundamentals for both segments. We've improved our gross margin outlook, industrial margin for the full year as a bit better than we thought. There’re some positive trends in industrial production data. I'm not ready to call a new trend, but at least it's leaning positive of late. And we're going to have continued ongoing discipline in costs, and that's going to lead to our expectations for segment margin expansion for GPC. In terms of headwinds, you guys know most of these. We've got a choppy environment out there. We've got inflation, geopolitical considerations, a new thing here in October with student loan repayments starting back. That's probably somewhere near $10 billion a month. So, obviously, something that will impact the consumer. Interest rate environment are up sharply over the last month. And so taken together, we see an increasingly cautious consumer. We're also going to be prudent about the time that it's going to take to, to effectuate some of the operational changes and rigor that, Will mentioned. So that taken together, I think, is how we're thinking about the rest of the year. But again, we expect a strong year when it's all said and done. We're going to close out the year based on our guidance with mid-single-digit revenue growth, gross margin expansion, segment margin expansion, and we expect to have double-digit earning growth in a tough environment for the full year. And maybe Will, if you want to comment a little bit on the cadence of the quarter.
Will Stengel: Yes. Greg, it's for, U.S. auto cadence of the quarter. It was mixed through the quarter. July was slightly up, as I think we said in our, prepared remarks, August was down low-single-digits, and we exited the quarter with September up low-single-digits. We did call out the NAPA EXPO, year-over-year compare. That event was in July of last year. By the time all the sales had processed, it's probably, it's not scientific probably impacting August. So, if you think about that adjustment, it's probably mid-quarter, mid-to-end of the quarter.
Bert Nappier: And Greg, I'll come back and give a little bit more color. You kind of talked about how things are looking as we start and maybe pull that up. As I think about this year on U.S. automotive, the full year, we started out Q1 with a little softer, weather impact there. And as we said in Q2, we really knew that our U.S. automotive business had more potential than we showed, and it's a feeling we continue to echo. Q2 made some new moves with new president. Cost actions to further drive some of the improvement of -- to offset the weakness on the topline. And the Q2 results were really a catalyst for the executive team to walk away and look at the things that were impacting our performance. We'll share those perspectives. But as we look at the fourth quarter with respect to U.S. AG or to the U.S. Automotive business, we know that we've got a tough comp coming up yet again. So, fourth quarter, for U.S. automotive was a 9.6 reported comp sales growth was 6.3. So, we have another fourth tough quarter ahead. And, all things considered, we expect the fourth quarter for them to be in-line with the third quarter.
Greg Melich: Got it. And when did inflation peak last year. And maybe you've even brought it out some more like, average unit price, if you think about mix.
Bert Nappier: Yes. So, our third quarter would have been the highest inflation comp for the year for that business and, Will mentioned that. We've got another tough comp on inflation in the fourth quarter. That's going to be around 8% for the U.S. automotive business. So, the peak would have been Q3, but we still have a tough Q4 comp.
Greg Melich: That's great. Thanks, and good luck guys.
Paul D. Donahue: Thanks.
Bert Nappier: We appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Horvers of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Christian Oberle: Hi. Good morning. It's Christian Oberle on for Chris. So, Motion organic trends have had been outperforming the ISM and, and industrial production as the, industrial economy had slowed. So, as you digest, the outsized share deals following the KDG acquisition, do those indicators become more relevant again? And as you look ahead, are there any end markets where there's reasons to believe it should reflect positively or negatively?
Will Stengel: Yes, Christian. Thanks for the question. Look, those are two important data points. We monitor and track them closely. And, we've publicly said that it seems whether with KDG or post pandemic that, the correlation was less clear. Having said that, we still look at those indicators, and we've been encouraged obviously by the recent trends in particular industrial production. So, they're certainly part of what we look at as we inform our views of the outlook of the business and, based on those recent inflections, we're cautiously optimistic. There's no specific tie with those metrics to a specific part of our business. I think it's a good representation of the diversity of our business. And so, it's something that we look at in conjunction with customer, vendor feedback, provide different other pieces of internal and external data. But we’re cautiously optimistic based on what we're seeing both in the business and from a third-party data perspective.
Paul D. Donahue: Hey, Christian, I would just tag on to what, Will said. We are encouraged. One, we'll mention the industrial production numbers, which we saw nice a lift in September. But we've tracked 14 different indicators in our Motion business. Christian, we saw five of those indicators improve in September. So, categories like, I mean, automotive has continued to be positive food products, DC logistics, equipment leasing, all are trending up, including mining. So, yes, to Will's point have -- has the industrial downturn has had reached a trough. I think if it hasn't, we're darn close. And what we generally find is, as we see the major indices like industrial production begin to bounce back, we generally follow that somewhere 60 to 90 days later, we'll see our business begin to shift. So, again, great team at Motion. They've had a phenomenal year, and, and we're looking forward to better days here in 2024 on the top line for that group.
Christian Oberle: Got it. That’s very helpful. And as you think about gross margin, are there any one time or unsustainable items in 3Q just given and as you look ahead, you know, vendor allowances have historically driven a fair amount of volatility in 4Q gross margins. So, is there anything to call out there?
Bert Nappier: Hi Christian, its Bert. Nothing to call out, we had a really clean quarter on gross margin. Nothing related to some of the noise you just mentioned there. I'm super proud of the teams. They've executed at a very high level. So, our expansion of gross margin here in the third quarter of 130 basis points continues to come on the back of the investments we're making in sourcing and pricing.
Christian Oberle: Got it. Thank you very much and best of luck.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Christian.
Operator: The next question comes from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. My question is regarding the pricing strategy in the US Automotive business. Obviously, you've done a great job improving your gross margins there. But what gives you the confidence that your less aggressive pricing is not leading to some market share losses?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Seth. This is Bert. Look, it's a good question. A thoughtful question. And we don't believe that our work around gross margin has come at the expense of share gains. You all know that price is not generally the leading factor. And driving sales in the aftermarket. It's more about availability and quality as Paul and Will have mentioned this morning. That's a really strategic question. It comes down to pricing strategies that category and SKU level, and the long-standing balance of that against unit growth. We believe the investments we're making in data analytics and pricing tool many of those we showcase at Investor Day have really given us an ability to be even more strategic and flex our strategy up and down, by both category and geography. It allows us to remain competitive, respond to the environment as it moves and stay in line with the market dynamics. So, I think the short answer is no. We don't believe that our work there is impacting, share gains or losses. And we continue to stay focused on driving our gross margin performance, we lifted our expectations for the year, now looking at 50 to 60 basis points of improvement for the full year. I’m pleased with that result.
Seth Basham: That's helpful color. And you mentioned responding to market dynamics you know, talked about some of your smaller competitors being better in stock. Last quarter, you talked about weighing the cost and benefits of the major account segment. Can you give us an update on that latter point? How you're thinking about major accounts at this point has become more price competitive there, and if you walked away for any business?
Will Stengel: Yes, Seth. You know, I wouldn't say there's a material change in the major accounts part of the business. It continues to be pressured. We've been more disciplined as you alluded to in the way that we're thinking about the business or that piece of the business. It's about 15% to 20% of our commercial business. So, it's not a large, outsized portion of the total business. And as I think we've said before, it's inside of our major account business, there's four or five different even sub verticals. And there's different nuances associated with each one of those verticals. So, we have seen some consolidation in some of the, national players in particular, some of our existing customers that have come to consolidate that's impacted some of the year over year trends, just as they work through some of their acquisition activity. But generally speaking, the business continues to kind of, be at the same level that it was last quarter to slightly down.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Seth. Just a little additional color on that. We're, -- you know, as we break apart that major account business, which Will alluded to, where we see challenges in some of the big national tire chains. But on the flip side, we're seeing a good growth in our fleet and our government. We're seeing recent growth in the OE dealer segment, which we expect to continue as some of those challenges for that segment continues. So, there's puts and takes, but, again, our team is addressing those issues, and I think we'll see improvements here going forward.
Seth Basham: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Imbro of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yep. Hey. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions.
Will Stengel: Hi, Daniel.
Daniel Imbro: I want to start on the automotive margin. Maybe a follow-up to Scott's question earlier. I think you mentioned you know, pricing and category management as levers to still pull in the coming years. Just curious, as you think about some of the fixes in the auto business, as you expand the new suppliers, does that limit the category management benefit or the NAPA private label offering? And then pricing is good to hear. I guess you kind of answered it in the past question. Can you just talk about the pricing backdrop and the ability to use that as a lever to grow margins again?
Bert Nappier: Sure. Look, I don't think we've, think anything differently about the longer term, to follow-up on that earlier point. As I said, maybe we'll get there a little bit differently than we expected when we announced everything in March. This year's played out slightly differently, but we have two years ago, and gross margin, opportunities aren't going to be impacted by changes in suppliers. Actually, there are opportunities more than anything as we look continuing to be competitive going to market with our size and scale, looking at some of these opportunities, more globally and through a one GPC prism. So, I don't see those as limitations at all. They actually tend to be more of an opportunity for us. The pricing environment remains rational. We still think there's opportunity there. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we've got great work and data analytics there that allows us to be flexible and nimble. And we haven't really seen a change in the way the competition is behaving in that space that would change our view on the longer term or the or the short term for that matter.
Will Stengel: Yeah. Daniel, I would just add the, your question around the NAPA brand and category management. That's all upside. And just as a reminder, I think as we talked at investor day, when we look at category management now, we essentially by product category, we look at our global volume. So that NAPA brand has got strong presence now across Europe, AsiaPac and, of course, North America. So, to me, that's upside for our North American business. As we get into a better position, from a supply and inventory standpoint to really accelerate our growth in a couple of key product categories.
Daniel Imbro: Great. That's helpful. And then just to clarify, Bert, I guess, you said you had one fewer selling day in the quarter. I guess, how did that happen? Was it timing of a holiday and what month did that fall in as we think about the cadency laid out? And then if there any makeup, if there are one more selling day in any quarter coming up, we should be aware of as a model.
Bert Nappier: So, Dan I missed the very beginning of your question. Can you give that back to me one more time?
Daniel Imbro: You said one fewer selling day. Was it a holiday timing or kind of what drove that. And then what month did it fall into as we think about the cadence you gave us at month-to-month comps?
Bert Nappier: I'd rather not get into -- get into parsing out the quarter by month. The quarter year over year in the US, for both Motion and for US Automotive was impacted by one day. We'll just leave it there. And then, in fourth quarter, we're going to be flat on operating days.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our last question comes from Kate McShane of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kate McShane: Hi. Thanks for taking our question. We had two quick ones. First, is there a way to delineate between the pockets of where inventory is maybe a little light versus some of the execution issues that you highlighted in automotive. And is there a timeline of when inventory availability improves?
Will Stengel: Yeah. There is we have great information, on where we've got our opportunities as we've talked about the last 12 to 24 months, investing in analytics, and in particular around inventory analytics has been an area of focus. So, I think that's made us better to know precisely where we have, opportunities. And the opportunities are not just availability, but it's movement. And again, there's nothing – there's not a new thought here. It's just better execution. That's taking the inventory that we have and getting into the right spot at the right time and making sure that you've got enough of the stuff that's moving fast. We've got a lot of visibility into that. And it's an ongoing effort. I mean, we've been working on this topic probably forever. And we're just stepping up our urgency. So, we'll, the teams that are urgent, they're focused on it, and we're going to make progress each and every day.
Paul D. Donahue: And Kate, I would just tag out to what Will said. Specific categories that were problematic for us, during the pandemic and even post pandemic, those new programs are rolling out as we speak. So, we would expect to see improvements in those product categories here going forward.
Kate McShane: Okay. Thank you. And then our last question is just around the 340-basis point headwind in the quarter. Was that anticipated when you were originally guiding 4% to 6% same store sales in automotive? And if so, what is bringing that original comp guide of 4% to 6% down to 2% to 4%? Is it more what's being anticipated in Q4?
Bert Nappier: Yeah, Kate, it's Bert. Of course, we knew the expo headwind and the selling day was there. So that wasn't a surprise to us at all. Remember, we don't guide to quarters. So, we weren't thinking about through that – through a Q3 lens. We were thinking about our guidance through the full year. And we, you know, as we guided, thought we would sell through that. And again, we've reaffirmed our top line guide for the year this morning. We did lower the comp guide for automotive. I think that's just being smart, about having to factor in. The slower and softer performance for US Automotive year to date and what it's going to mean for the full year. But at the end of the day, as we thought about expectations, sales recovery didn't progress quite as quickly as we thought in Q3, Will has given you a lot detail around the execution things we're working on. And again, we've reaffirmed our full year top line this morning.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Kate.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Paul Donahue for any closing remarks.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. Thanks, Andrea. And, just to reiterate, we want to thank all of our teammates around the globe for their efforts, in the quarter and year to date. And, just to let them know how much we appreciate, all they do for the company and for our customers. I'd also like to thank all of you for joining us today and thanks for your combined and your continued interest in Genuine Parts Company. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sidney Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call.  With me today to share their remarks are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tim Walsh, our Senior Director, Investor Relations, has also joined us. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call.  Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. We are pleased to report another solid quarter with record sales and double-digit adjusted earnings growth. Our second quarter once again highlights the value and benefit of our global automotive and industrial businesses and the mix and geographic diversity of our company which we believe are competitive advantages that differentiate GPC in the marketplace. A few highlights from our second quarter results include: Total sales of $5.9 billion, an increase of 5.6% from the prior year. Total company segment margin of 10.4% and an increase of 60 basis points from the same quarter last year. Earnings per share of $2.44, an increase of 10.9% from adjusted earnings per share last year, and our 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. And finally, we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet while generating solid cash flow to support our growth initiatives and capital allocation priorities. Our global team remains focused on the strategic initiatives we highlighted at our Investor Day in March. And we believe our One GPC approach is contributing to our strong financial performance. We compete in 2 very large and fragmented markets and see significant opportunities to grow our business, expand our margin profile and generate strong cash flow to support our strategic investments while delivering returns to our shareholders. As we continue to navigate a dynamic macro environment, we believe our focused execution, investments in our business and strong industry fundamentals, position GPC for long-term success. Looking at our Industrial segment, demand trends held solid through the second quarter, even as the rate of sales growth tempered a bit relative to the first quarter as we expected. Motion's growth rate on a 2-year basis continues to be exceptional. And while certain economic indicators have slowed, we believe our strong market share position, along with the diversity of our products, services and end markets bode well for our continued growth prospects. In addition, future reshoring opportunities and the growth of domestic manufacturing industries provide significant opportunity for Motion. And as you will hear from Will, our team's focus on productivity and efficiency is driving significant margin expansion in the Industrial segment. Our global automotive business continues to benefit from the broad geographic diversity of our markets. In addition, we believe our long history of supporting the DIFM customer segment which is 80% of our global automotive sales, positions us well as sales growth to DIFM customers continues to outpace DIY sales growth. During the second quarter, our international Automotive businesses delivered strong mid-single to double-digit growth, while our U.S. automotive business experienced low single-digit growth. The fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket remain favorable with trends such as increasing miles driven and aging and complex vehicle fleet, rising interest rates, and continued high prices for vehicles, all contributing to underlying demand. While the near-term environment remains dynamic, we are very pleased with our year-to-date performance. And with the strong earnings growth in the second quarter, we are once again raising our outlook for 2023 earnings per share, which Bert will discuss further. As we look forward, we remain confident in our strategic plans, and we'll continue to invest to strengthen our business and achieve both our near- and long-term financial targets while returning capital to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. So in closing, I'd be remiss if I didn't highlight the outstanding work of our HR and IT teams in Q2 around our implementation of Workday. In early July, we completed the first phase of our implementation of the Workday HR platform in North America. Continuing to demonstrate the modernization of our system platforms and supporting our teams with the right tools and the right technology. Our HR and IT teams delivered an exceptional outcome, well ahead of schedule, showcasing the benefits of our One GPC talent and technology initiatives. So before I turn it over to Will, we want to thank each of our 58,000 GPC teammates for their hard work and continued dedication to serving our customers around the world.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Will.
William Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I'd also like to thank the global GPC team as well as our supplier partners for their ongoing commitment to serving our customers. We appreciate all the hard work to take care of our customers every day with solutions that help keep the world moving. We do this with focus on our foundational priorities, including talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain and emerging technology, all complemented by a disciplined M&A strategy. We work together as One GPC team to create customer success and shareholder value. On behalf of the entire GPC team, we would like to congratulate Kevin Herron on his well-deserved retirement after an amazing 34-year career at the company. Kevin earned success in all of his roles over the years, including the last 5 years as President of the U.S. Automotive business. He embodies our GPC values and he's been an inspirational leader and mentor to many around the world. We're deeply grateful for his significant contributions to Genuine Parts Company and wish him the very best in his retirement. With Kevin's retirement, we also want to congratulate Randy Breaux on his promotion to Group President, GPC North America effective July 1st. In the new role, Randy will oversee both the automotive and industrial businesses across North America, while assuming day-to-day responsibility as President of the U.S. Automotive Group. Randy is a proven leader with a track record of performance. His relevant expertise across distribution industries, familiarity with GPC teammates and stakeholders and success at Motion make him the ideal candidate for the role. This transition represents the depth of our leadership team and our talent strategies as we continue to leverage the power of One GPC. Now turning to our 2 business segments. Total sales for Global Industrial were $2.3 billion, an increase of $125 million or 5.9%. Comparable sales growth increased 6.0% in the second quarter versus last year. The cadence through the quarter was relatively consistent with April being the strongest month followed by mid-single-digit growth in both May and June. The sales growth at Motion was broad-based again in the second quarter, with all product categories and major industries served posting positive gains from the prior year. During the quarter, we saw strength from industries such as food products, iron and steel, chemicals, mining and oil and gas. In addition, Motion continues to make excellent progress with its initiatives including inside and outside sales, pricing, e-commerce, growth-focused tech and supply chain strategies, they're all helping to win profitable market share. As an example, Motion has seen a nearly twofold increase in average daily sales across its e-commerce platform since 2021, which now represent nearly 30% of total Motion daily sales. In Asia Pac, our Motion business also delivered strong performance in the second quarter with double-digit sales and profit growth. Customer-centric initiatives across talent and culture, inventory availability and operational excellence are delivering positive results. Industrial segment profit in the second quarter was $283 million or 12.5% of sales, representing a 190 basis point increase from the same period last year. The profit improvement in Industrial was driven by excellent operating rigor in both North America and Australasia and the disciplined execution of strategic initiatives. In addition, the Motion North America team continues to realize synergies related to the KDG acquisition. The team is substantially complete with the branch consolidation and merger efforts well ahead of initial plans. And we expect to exceed our 3-year $50 million synergy commitment by the end of this year, also well ahead of initial plans. Turning to Global Automotive. Total sales in the second quarter were $3.7 billion, an increase of $188 million or 5.4% versus the same period in 2022. Similar to the first quarter, total automotive sales benefited from our global diversification as our businesses outside the U.S. posted mid-single-digit to double-digit growth in local currency. On a comparable basis, global automotive sales increased 4.3%, ranging from low single-digit growth in the U.S. to low double-digit growth in Europe. We saw global automotive sales inflation moderate from high single-digit growth in the first quarter to low to mid-single-digit growth in the second quarter. We remain encouraged by favorable fundamentals and solid team execution, which we believe will continue to drive profitable growth. Global Automotive segment profit in the second quarter was $329 million, up 2.1% versus the same period in 2022. And segment operating margin was 9.0% compared to 9.3% in 2022. As expected, Automotive's margin showed an improvement versus the first quarter. The improvement in the second quarter reflects the impact of the cost actions implemented at U.S. Automotive, and we expect to see an increased benefit of these actions in the second half of the year.  Now let's turn to an overview of our automotive business performance by geography. In the U.S., automotive sales grew approximately 2% with comparable sales growth up 1% for the second quarter. April and May were the stronger months while trends lagged in June, particularly as we headed into the July 4th holiday weekend. That said, we're encouraged by the early trends thus far in July.  Growth was relatively consistent across our regions with the East and West regions recovering in the second quarter after the slow start to the year due to the impact from weather. More broadly, we offset sluggish categories in heating and cooling, exhaust and ride control with strength in various core categories such as filters, batteries and fluids, all of which had growth above the U.S. average. Sales to both commercial and retail customers were positive with commercial growth outpacing retail. Our commercial business saw sales increases across most customer segments with fleet and government outperforming again this quarter with high single-digit growth. In Canada, sales grew approximately 6% in local currency during the second quarter with comparable sales growth of approximately 6%. Our Canadian performance reflects strong growth in several categories like heating and cooling, paint and body and tools and equipment, all of which were up double digits. Our automotive and heavy-duty businesses performed well, both posting mid-single-digit growth in the second quarter.  Our Canadian team executed well in the quarter, especially given the destructive wildfires across the country and we continue to see attractive opportunities for long-term growth due to our leading market position, solid industry fundamentals and share gain initiatives.  In Europe, our automotive team delivered another exceptional quarter with total sales growth of approximately 15% in local currency and comparable sales growth of approximately 11%. We continue to drive strong growth and market share gains across our European markets due to the ongoing execution of our key initiatives. For the second quarter, we delivered mid-single-digit to double-digit growth across each of our geographies. As our teams continue to win business with key accounts, drive higher share of wallet with existing accounts and expand the NAPA brand in the region. The team is on track to deliver EUR 400 million in sales of NAPA-branded products in 2023. In addition, we continue to strategically roll out our next Drive offering across our European markets that position our team to lead the industry in the growing EV aftermarket. Recent bolt-on acquisitions in Europe are tracking ahead of growth and synergy plans as we leverage our scale, integrate with discipline and expand margins. For example, comparable growth in our Iberian markets was approximately 25% during the second quarter, significantly ahead of our initial expectations.  In the Asia Pac automotive business, sales in the second quarter increased approximately 9% in local currency with comparable sales growth of approximately 7%. Both commercial and retail sales performed well with retail outpacing commercial in the second quarter. The team continues to strategically invest in the business to extend its customer value proposition. For example, the recent opening of distribution centers in Auckland, New Zealand and Melbourne, Australia will drive long-term profitable growth and productivity.  We complement organic growth with strategic acquisitions to capture share in our fragmented markets and create shareholder value. We completed several bolt-on acquisitions primarily consisting of small automotive store groups that increased local market density in existing geographies. Our acquisition pipeline remains active, and we will remain disciplined to pursue transactions that extend our leadership positions and create long-term value.  In closing, the global GPC team delivered strong second quarter results, and we remain confident in our plans for continued growth through the balance of the year despite a dynamic environment. Our company is benefiting from our strategic business mix and global geographic diversification. Our teams remain focused to execute our strategic initiatives that deliver customer solutions and create value. We're committed to investments in our people, customer solutions, technology, supply chain and emerging technology that will continue to enhance our capabilities and leadership positions.  Thank you again to the entire GPC team for the hard work and excellent performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Herbert Nappier: Thank you, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Our teams continue to operate at a high level and perform through this dynamic environment. And I'm pleased to walk you through the highlights of our second quarter performance.  Before I get started on the details of our results, I would like to note that we had no nonrecurring items in the second quarter and 6 months of 2023. Our comparisons to the prior year, however, excludes certain nonrecurring items in 2022, primarily related to the sale of S.P. Richards Real Estate and the integration of KDG which represented a net $59 million benefit or $0.42 per diluted share. GPC revenues increased 5.6% or $313 million to $5.9 billion in the second quarter of 2023. This reflects a 4.9% improvement in comparable sales, including low single-digit to mid-single-digit levels in inflation and a 1.8% contribution from acquisitions. These items were partially offset by a 0.9% unfavorable impact of foreign currency. The value and advantage of our balanced portfolio and global diversification was highlighted again as we delivered another quarterly sales record. Our gross margin was 36.1%, a 110 basis point improvement from the second quarter last year, driven by the ongoing favorable impact of our pricing and sourcing initiatives. We believe the execution of key strategic initiatives around gross margin will continue to drive strong results. And for the full year, we now expect our gross margin rate to improve 30 to 50 basis points from 2022, an increase from our prior estimate of 20 to 40 basis points of improvement year-over-year. Our total operating and nonoperating expenses in the second quarter were $1.7 billion, up 9% from adjusted expenses in 2022 and at 28.4% of sales. This compares to total adjusted expenses of 27.6% of sales in the second quarter last year or approximately 80 basis points of deleverage year-over-year. The deleverage in SG&A in the second quarter is primarily attributable to a few key factors, 2 of which were planned, our investments in wages and benefits for our teams and increased spending in technology. Our investments in the IT and digital initiatives we showcased at Investor Day, impacted SG&A by 20 basis points in the second quarter. In addition, planned investments in wages and benefits for our team members impacted SG&A by 30 basis points, much of this as a feat of inflationary pressure on wages. Finally, during the quarter, we recorded charges related to cost improvement actions at our U.S. automotive business and a true-up of stock compensation expense for retirement-eligible employees totaling 30 basis points, both of which we would not expect to repeat in the future. For the full year, we continue to expect SG&A deleverage of 30 to 40 basis points, driven by investments in our team members and IT. Our second quarter growth and gross margin improvement drove total segment profit of $613 million, up 11.8%. Segment profit margin was 10.4%, a 60 basis point increase from last year and our sixth consecutive quarter of margin expansion. While we delivered strong overall margin expansion, margins in our Global Automotive segment were lower in Q2 due to pressure in our U.S. Automotive business. As we discussed in the first quarter, following the slow start to the year, we anticipated that the profitability of this business would remain challenged in the second quarter, and it did. However, our teams are making great progress as evidenced by the acceleration in the rate of gross margin expansion from the first quarter to the second quarter and the sequential improvement in segment margins. As Will mentioned earlier, we are executing cost improvement actions to address the elevated levels of operating costs in this business and to continue to improve profitability. We expect these actions, combined with our ongoing discipline on costs across the remainder of the business, and execution of our broad base of strategic initiatives to drive further improvement in operational efficiencies and productivity for GPC. Our second quarter net income was $344 million or $2.44 per diluted share. This compares to adjusted net income of $313 million or $2.20 per diluted share in 2022, an increase of 10.9%. This represents our 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings growth and is a true testament to our team's hard work and continued focus to drive our profitability. Turning to our cash flows. We generated $457 million in cash from operations for the first 6 months of 2023. Recall that our cash flow in 2022 included a sale of $200 million in receivables under our AR sales agreement. For the first 6 months of 2023, free cash flow was $252 million, and we closed the second quarter with $2 billion in available liquidity. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA is 1.6x, which compares to our targeted range of 2 to 2.5x. We remain well positioned with the financial strength and flexibility to take advantage of future growth opportunities across GPC. Our key priorities for capital allocation remain unchanged. And includes investment in our business through capital expenditures and M&A and the return of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During 2023, we have invested $205 million in capital expenditures, including $117 million in the second quarter. These investments continue to support the initiatives we believe will drive growth and the modernization of our business moving forward. Acquisitions remain a key element of our growth strategy, and we invested $106 million year-to-date for acquisitions, and we continue to generate a robust pipeline of acquisition targets for our businesses. Thus far in 2023, we have also returned $395 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $260 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and $135 million in cash used to repurchase 841,000 shares. As we enter the second half of 2023, we are well positioned to effectively deploy our capital through all business cycles. Turning to our outlook for 2023. We are updating our full year guidance previously provided in our earnings release on April 20th. We are raising our guidance for diluted earnings per share to a range of $9.15 and to $9.30, an increase of approximately 10% to 11.5% from 2022. This represents a $0.20 increase from our previous guidance of $8.95 to $9.10. Our sales guidance is unchanged, and we continue to expect total sales growth for 2023 to be in the range of 4% to 6%. By business segment, we are guiding to the following: 4% to 6% total sales growth for the Automotive segment with comparable sales growth also in the 4% to 6% range. For the Industrial segment, we are expecting total sales growth of 4% to 6%, also with 4% to 6% comparable sales increase, and we continue to expect sales growth to moderate in the second half of 2023 relative to the first half of the year. Turning to a few other items of interest. Our guidance includes cash from operations in a range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and free cash flow in a range of $900 million to $1 billion. We continue to plan for CapEx of $375 million to $400 million for the full year, which includes incremental investments in technology and supply chain, among others. Overall, we are very pleased with our first half results. Through this dynamic environment, our teams have demonstrated their ability to be agile while staying focused on serving our customers around the world. Our updated outlook for 2023 earnings per share reflects the ongoing confidence in our teams and their ability to execute and drive solid results. We believe GPC is truly differentiated with our business mix, global footprint, our size and scale, the execution of initiatives and our talent, we have a unique value proposition. We look forward to reporting on our progress in our third quarter call in October. Thank you. And I will now turn it back to Paul for a few closing thoughts before we address your questions. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Bert. Before we get into Q&A, we'd like to take a moment to acknowledge Sid Jones, who has announced his decision to retire from Genuine Parts Company after 33 years of service to the company. Sid has been leading our Investor Relations team since 2003 and today marks his 83rd quarterly earnings call at GPC in that role. We thank Sid his many contributions over the years and wish him and his family the very best in his retirement. Tim Walsh has been working closely with Sid and the team for over a year and will be named Head of Investor Relations on August 1st. We look forward to having Tim in his new role and now he will do an exceptional job for us.  So with that, we are now ready for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Liz Suzuki of Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Sid, you're going to be greatly missed. So we'll miss you a lot. Just a question on the U.S. automotive comp is plus 1%. You noted that globally, both DIY and -- for me were positive with DIFM outpacing DIY. Was that the case in the U.S. as well? You may have mentioned it and I missed it, I'm just not sure if you gave that detail for the U.S. in terms of DIY versus DIFM.
William Stengel: We did Liz, DIFM outperformed retail in the U.S. Automotive group for the quarter.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay. Great. No, that's very helpful. And then just a question on the Industrial business. The margins have been really healthy there. I mean should we think about that 2Q operating margin is a decent run rate going forward? And is there any seasonality we should keep in mind that may have changed one way or another after the KDG acquisition?
Herbert Nappier: Liz, it's Bert. I don't think you have on part to Q2 as the proxy for industrial for the full year. As you -- as we've commented, we see that industrial growth rate moderating here in the second half. Having said that, we still will get margin expansion for the full year on the Industrial segment. But we're thrilled with where the business performed in Q2 that 12.5% rate is a proxy for we can go long term as we shared at Investor Day, but we still have a lot of work to do to continue to grow that business and would use -- not use that as a proxy, but look to still see expansion of margin for the full year.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Sid we will miss you very much, and congratulations on your retirement and all the best in your future endeavors. My first question is just following up on the U.S. -- the U.S. NAPA comp, I think you implied in April that you're maybe running about a 4 and you imply that June was down. So was June down sort of low to mid. And can you talk about what you're seeing that you're encouraged by in July and how you're thinking about U.S. NAPA comps in the back half?
William Stengel: Yes, Chris, happy to walk you through, and I'll maybe just kind of walk through some of the comments that we had in the prepared remarks. But so for U.S. automotive, April and May, as you noted were the stronger months in the quarter, low single-digit growth. The first half of June, in fact, was a solid start to the month, and we saw a tapering towards the end of the month that left June to be flattish, which puts together the 2 and then the 1 comp for the quarter, U.S. Automotive. We have seen an improvement to start the month in July. Obviously, we've had some extreme heat that is going to have a positive impact and -- while it's probably early to call the whole month, we're encouraged by the positive momentum plan to build on that through the quarter.  As Liz just asked, we saw outperformance and do-it-for-me versus retail, both growing in positive directions. And we continue to be bullish about our fleet and government segment, which we mentioned in the prepared remarks, that grew nicely in the quarter. Good strength in filters, batteries and fluids, which are important categories for us. So we're excited about some of the things we're doing from a merchandising standpoint in those categories.  And I think it wasn't a total surprise to us given the weather patterns in the second quarter that some of our heating and cooling categories didn't perform the way we expected them to, just given. It wasn't an overly warm second quarter in the aggregate for the U.S. market. But we're excited about what we're working on in the business. Obviously, we think we've got more potential than we showed in the quarter. We're excited about Randy's leadership now in place here for the first couple of weeks. He's been out in the field working with the teams. I think there's a lot of energy and positive momentum there. Gross margin, as Bert talked about, continues to be a great piece of execution, both on the pricing and sourcing side of the house. Also very proud of the team and their quick adjustments to all things cost. So they're operating with a lot of intensity and focus. And importantly, we're investing in the business for the long term. So making sure that we're balancing near-term actions with long-term potential. So in the aggregate, a lot to be proud about the team. We're going to continue the grind and push through the second half of the year, but proud of what we're working on.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, I would just tag on to that, that the fundamentals of the industry are still solid -- miles driven, going in the right direction as gas prices moderate a bit. New car sales being still a bit soft compared to historic numbers. And we're seeing the same across our international business as well. So as we reported our team in Europe had a phenomenal quarter, strong double-digit growth. Many of the fundamentals there, the same here across North America, rock solid. And our team in Asia Pac, Australia, New Zealand also had another really strong quarter. So fundamentals of automotive are still rock solid. And we certainly see improvement as we move forward through the back half of the year.
Christopher Horvers: Sounds great. And then a follow-up question on the gross margin. I mean 36.1% is quite impressive. If you look back historically, the second quarter is a reasonable proxy for the year on gross margin. I know 1Q was a lot lower. But perhaps, was there anything unsustainable in the gross margin performance in the second quarter? And do you think over time, this is a level that is around 36% is sort of the destination? Or is it an area that perhaps you could even grow from?
Herbert Nappier: Chris, it's Bert. Look, I think we had a great quarter here. In the past couple of quarters, I've given you the offsets for gross margin. We had a clean number this time around. We had no offsets from some of the things we've talked about in the past, whether it's inflation or mix. So we're just thrilled with the work that the team is doing and so important in this environment when we've got all the different economic pressures out there. So we've got a great focus on sourcing and getting the right inventory in the right place at the right time. We also have great work happening on pricing across all of the business. And so that 110 basis point improvement for the quarter up to 36.1%, I think is a reflection of really, really hard work.  We're going to continue to stay focused on gross margin expansion through those 2 prisms, through pricing and sourcing. I'm not going to call the bulges yet on where that number can ultimately end up. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're more bullish on where it can be for this year. We had originally been planning for 20 to 40 basis points of improvement, and we've got that to 30 to 50 basis points. Within that, again, benefit from the execution of our strategic initiatives. We do have a little bit of a benefit modeled in for ocean freight, which we see turning positive for us here in the second half. So those are the 2 things I'd call out with really no foreseen at this point impact from either FX or inflation or mix.
Operator: The next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of Truist.
Scot Ciccarelli: I have a follow-up on Christopher's question. So the slowdown you've experienced in U.S. auto, do you think there's any share shifts occurring given some of the strong results we've seen from a few of your competitors or would you really just point to weather as the headwind in 2Q?
William Stengel: Yes, Scot, we don't think there's any share shifts. We always study the analytics. We use third-party independent information. We look at it by category and feel good about where we are. We act on that data every week and every month. We review it as a team and feel good about where we are. So no, we don't think that there's share loss happening here. We have specific strategies by category that we're executing against. And so the story can be quite different at a category level, but that's part of the science and art of all things, category management. So really proud of what the teams are working on. And as I said, we use independent data to keep ourselves honest to make sure that we're winning in the marketplace.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. So maybe some of the delta could be due to geographic differences potentially?
William Stengel: When you say geographic, you mean U.S. geography differences?
Scot Ciccarelli: Well, no. I mean, within the U.S., like your results, like if we had positive results from both DIY and commercial. And obviously, you had a 1% comp, like neither was up very strongly, right? So on -- specifically on the commercial side, like could we potentially attribute -- or did you potentially see like significant geographic differentiation in your business, stronger in the South, weaker in the West, what have you?
William Stengel: We really don't see a material difference across our regions. We've got 5 regions. The growth rates are not materially different. There's always region specific customers and dynamics. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we saw a recovery in the Northeast and West, which we planned and expected based on their slow start driven by weather, we saw that come to bear. And for the second quarter, though, by themselves, there's not a material difference by region.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. And then just a quick housekeeping item. The $80 million or so that you guys highlighted for cost actions and the stock comp true-up. Were they the main drivers in the spike of corporate expense? And should we expect that line item to moderate in the back half?
Herbert Nappier: Scot, it's Bert. I'll take that one. Look, we did have an increase in the corporate expense as a result of the 2 items you noted, one on the stock comp true-up and the other on the cost actions. The other thing contributing to corporate, and this is a little obscured in the 10-Q, but if you take a chance to read through the 10-Q, you get some good color on that either from the first quarter or the one that will be filed later today.  We transferred some functions at the beginning of this year into the corporate environment that we felt were better suited to be run on a more consolidated basis, one of them being cyber security and our work around cybersecurity globally. We did a little bit of that related to some of the finance functions and also our management of our product liability cases and litigation. When we did that, we actually got a benefit so far this year in terms of being ahead of where those items were being spent last year. But it did create a transfer left pocket, right pocket, which makes the corporate number look a little bit bigger. We're still guiding for the year of corporate expense in the $300 million to $325 million range. Longer term, we target for that to be about 1% of revenue. It's up this year because of those transfers and we'll look up for the full year. But like I said, we're already seeing the benefit of the move of centralization by streamlining those functions and seeing them operate at a lower cost rates than they had in the past.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. But some of the margin expansion that we've seen at the segment level is because of that cost transfer, just to be clear.
Herbert Nappier: Yes, it's pretty small there, Scot. I mean we're talking about costs totaling year-to-date, $29 million in the aggregate. So it's a pretty small move. It stands out at corporate a little bit bigger because of the size and scale of the corporate expense line. But it's very negligible at the segment level.
Operator: The next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Congrats to Sid and Randy. Randy now that you run them both, I guess, where do you see the biggest opportunity industrial or auto in the U.S. in the next, say, 2, 3 years?
William Stengel: Bret, the good news is Randy is not on the call with us, but that's a tough question for him to answer. He loves both these businesses now. He's been out in the field and has a ton of energy and excited about the opportunities in front of us. So...
Bret Jordan: I was going to ask you what you like better, but I figure out you too.
William Stengel: He wouldn't have answered that question? He like them both.
Paul Donahue: Which one is your favorite kids, you know, Bret?
Bret Jordan: That's easy. Question on price, I guess. We were talking about sort of low mid-single-digit benefit from inflation in Q2. How do you see the second half cadence? The bar gets higher, I guess, year-over-year, but maybe you've got some incremental price passing along some of the rate inflation from your suppliers. How do we think about the organic price comp second half?
Herbert Nappier: Yes. Bret. I'll take that one, it's Bert. On inflation, I'll kind of start at a high level. As we expected, we saw inflation moderate again in Q2, and I think really falling in line with our original thinking as we started the year, monetary policy in the U.S. and around the world, I think it's having its desired effect. You can see that in the U.S. CPI data. Just to reiterate, for the quarter -- second quarter inflation with low single digits all up for GPC, mid-single digits in auto, and low single digits for industrial. That industrial number has stayed pretty consistently in that low single-digit range for the year. Auto ticked down from high single digit to mid-single digit. And then on the whole, GPC has ticked down from mid-single digit to low single digits. So really falling right in line with what we thought when we started out the year. We're seeing some inflationary pressure on operating expenses, particularly in wages, and that was in my prepared remarks. That's sitting in the mid-single-digit range right now. It's probably the most pronounced impact in the business, but we're managing it. We're doing all the right things and taking some actions to try to offset that. And I think that's not a GPC-specific comment, it's a comment that all businesses are facing with wage pressure and inflation and wages.  As we look ahead, we think inflation will continue to moderate throughout 2023. And I think policy will continue to have its desired effect. Auto will tick down from high single digits to start the year to low single digits to close out the year. And industrial is going to bounce along that low single digits for the full year. We'll see GPC close out in the aggregate from a mid-single digit to a low single-digit. So it's not a one-size-fits-all for our business segments, but hopefully, that gives you a little color on how we're thinking about the rest of the year. And that's all factored into our guidance and our update to the guidance for the year.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then one follow-up on another pricing question. I guess one of your auto peers reported pretty rough Q1 and talked about price competition in the market. I guess could you comment about what you see, I guess, from pure pricing, any cadence of change in pricing in year-to-date '23?
Paul Donahue: Yes. I'll take a shot at that, Bret. And then maybe Will can tag on what perhaps more specific thought. Look, first and foremost, I'd say we're not going to speak to specific strategies of our competitors. We got a lot of respect for our peers and they're doing what they've got to do for their business. What I would tell you, the competitive landscape, the dynamics are still rational. We play in huge markets, as outlined by Will. We've got lots of different competitors across all those markets, both big and small. What we really spend our time thinking about, Bret, and you won't -- this is not new news. It's about inventory availability. Ensuring we've got the right people in the right markets, ensuring we've got our store footprint -- the right store footprint to cover all of our strategic markets and allowing us to continue to grow profitably. We're in a break-fix model and helping our customers really solve their problems quickly with the right part in the right market at the right price. It's all part of our value prop. That hasn't changed, Bret. And honestly, I don't see that changing anytime soon. Do we think about price? Sure, we do. But right now, our customers are really more focused on ensuring they can be productive in their shops. That they're taking care of their customers. And we think we're a pretty good partner not only here in North America, but around the world to solve those challenges for them. So Will, I don't know if there's anything else from a pricing environment that you would want to comment on?
William Stengel: Well, I would just say, operationally, what the teams are working on is incredibly helpful in this environment as it has been for the last couple of years, hence, the investment and focus on it. And more importantly, the teams globally are learning from each other. And so I think in one of our previous calls, we've talked about all the great work that's happening in U.S. automotive. We're sharing that work over in Europe.  And so these are some of the benefits of working together as a team and sharing all the learnings from an environment that's very similar around the world and gross margin performance in the total company. I think, is a good data point to suggest that we're having some success. So it's an important part of distribution business and it's especially important part of navigating this environment, and we're going to continue to get better at it and invest in it so that we can make the right decisions for our customers.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI.
Gregory Melich: I wanted to -- one question on the U.S. auto business and then follow-up on industrial guidance. I just want to understand a little bit better with that inflation number, I think we're still seeing mid-single digits. Would it be fair to say a 1 comp would translate into negative 4 units. And then could you give us a little more color on the non-fleet and government business, how the independent dealers did and how NAPA AutoCare did?
William Stengel: Yes, Greg. So I don't -- it's not as simple as minus 4% because we got to do it for me in retail. So you've got a distinction on transactions there. So do it for me, positive transaction and price, do it yourself as expected, transactions down tick it up. So in the aggregate, that's a little bit more noisy than just the minus 4%. On the other parts of the business, the AutoCare business continues to perform well. Obviously, our value prop with that segment is incredibly important and it's a challenging time. So partnering with them to make sure that they're being productive and navigating the environment. So that was a part of the business that performed to our expectations.  Major accounts is a very customer-specific book of business. So there are some pockets of strength in that book of business as well as some areas of opportunity. I would reinforce our philosophy here that it's really important that we think about partners and growing our business through the medium term in a profitable way. And so I think we're going to bring a lot of discipline and rigor to thinking about the trade-offs between profitable share and not in our major account business. So in the aggregate, a bit of a mixed story, but positive in total.
Gregory Melich: Did the company stores do materially different than the jobbers?
William Stengel: We didn't see a material difference in the performance. It was pretty close to each other. And...
Gregory Melich: Yes, okay. Just maybe DIY, do-it-for-me mix a little bit, but no difference in that cut. The -- I guess the follow-up is on industrial. I just want to make sure I got that right. I mean, with obviously the big numbers continue to come through it. But the margin, the 12.5% margin, I just want to make sure I'm not -- do we assume that industrial margins will actually be down in the back half or that was -- they'll still be up for the year? Was that -- interpret that wrong, Bert?
Herbert Nappier: Yes. Actually, you did interpret it wrong. But let me back it up and maybe pull it up and give a little color on guidance in general, and I'll work my way back down to segment margins. As you can expect, we're pleased with the first half performance on an overall basis, allowed us to raise our outlook again for the year this time by $0.20 to the $9.15 to $9.30.  And in doing that, we see some upside in industrial profitability versus our previous expectations, the international automotive business, which is about 50% of the segment revenue for global automotive, we see some upside. And then obviously, we've taken up our gross margin performance expectations. That guidance delivers EPS growth with a midpoint of 10.6%, and that's putting us in a position to expect our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth, which in this environment, is, we think, pretty impressive. On a growth basis, top line, we had exceptional '21 and '22. We still see strong growth but moderated growth to mid-single digits overall for this year. And that really, as we look at a pretty choppy macro environment and difficult to interpret we're keeping an eye on some of these things that are out there, whether it's inflation, monetary policy, interest rates, the political landscape globally and foreign currency.  So we're keeping a close eye on all of that. We balance that against confidence in our own business. Paul talked about strong industry fundamentals. We've got some great cash flows that allow us to invest in our business. And taking that all together, while it's a little bit more cautious, we do have a lot of confidence in GPC. A few details just to remember, again, gross margin, we've ticked up to 30 to 50 basis point increase expectation versus our original 20 to 40 basis points.  On segment margins, we're looking for those to be up for the full year, 20 to 40 basis points. That's expansion again. We do think industrial will be up for the year. So just to clarify, Industrial will be up for the year, but not using the 12.5% for Q2 of the proxy. Industrial segment margin will outpace automotive, but we believe automotive will be in a position to recover here in the second half, as Will outlined. The only point I would call out on just a headwind is SG&A. We will see deleverage as we expected for the year 30 to 40 basis points, which is consistent with our original expectations. So all that together allowed us to take our guidance up for the year slightly better on international auto, industrial profit conversion and better gross margin expectations.
Gregory Melich: Got it. Thanks for piecing that together. And I guess I will say said, thanks for everything, and I didn't realize 83 quarters you must have started in college. So...
Sidney Jones: All right, I lead them up too easy.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Imbro of Stephen Bank.
Daniel Imbro: Sid, I'll add my congratulations to the group. Well deserved -- working together. Well, I want to start on the U.S. auto side, maybe taking a step back from the quarter, just more strategically, obviously, with the promotion of Randy to the new responsibility, can you talk about what's the strategy is there, maybe bringing Motion and auto under singular leadership rather than kind of running separately. Is that a reflection of running the businesses closer together? Is that just a personnel decision? Can you talk to me about how you view that? And you mentioned some early positive internal response. Can you share any more color on what that's been.
William Stengel: Yes. Thanks for the question. Look, I think, as I said in my prepared remarks, Randy is a proven leader. He is well understood by our organization and brings a lot of relevant expertise to the NAPA business. As we've talked about often, at the end of the day, these are distribution businesses. And while -- they obviously have a different customer and product catalog. The value creation initiatives are all the same. And so Randy's progress and momentum and building a great team there at Motion that is incredibly deep, I think, it's all relevant and has spoken for itself in terms of the performance. And so I think it's more about how do we quickly build on the momentum of the business. And I think Randy brings is a great opportunity to do that.  So I don't think it's operationally, meaning that we're putting the 2 business. In fact, I know it's not. We're not putting the businesses together, but I think it's just going to allow us to be a little bit more efficient and at pace to work together as kind of a One GPC team, which is a philosophy that we've been talking about as an organization. And I think an advantage that we have, given the similarities of all the initiatives that we're doing around the world to go at pace and drive impact faster than perhaps if we were not together as a company.
Paul Donahue: Daniel, I would just add to Will's comments, Randy has done a phenomenal job at Motion as you've seen in the numbers, and we expect that to continue because we've got a great leadership team at Motion. And as you know, every business, it's much bigger than one person.  I would say the same by U.S. automotive, Daniel. And I'm glad you asked the question because it gives me the opportunity to recognize that team. Kevin did a great job over the last few years of really bringing in a lot of new talent into the leadership group at U.S. Automotive. That team, I have 100% confidence, it is going to continue to drive improvements in U.S. automotive. And I have no doubt Randy will continue on with the good work that Kevin did by leading that team. So we're excited by the moves and look forward to the impact that Randy is going to have across both businesses.
Daniel Imbro: And then follow up on the automotive guidance, not to get too into it, but trying to reconcile the 4% to 6% comp guide and the 4% to 6% total revenue guide on the automotive side. I think FX rates just as we sit today are at least a few points better than what you initially guided. So trying to reconcile how that wouldn't be more of a tailwind. Are you hedging out some of that translational benefit in the back half? Or is the right interpretation, it will be more FX benefit? And maybe lighter organic growth just within that same guidance range. Just trying to square away how FX rates can change the guide, kind of gets maintained.
Herbert Nappier: Yes, sure. Look, on the top line, I think we've been consistent pretty much throughout the year with our initial outlook on the top line guide. And we've just basically done what we said we would do on both with the 4% to 6%. As we look at the rest of the year through de-comping and trying to get a little bit more color on global automotive I would say that the international automotive will continue to outpace the U.S. We'll expect it to be on the higher end of our comp range. We'll expect the U.S. to be on the lower end.  So the international is a bit on the higher end, you probably get a little bit of improvement from FX to your point, but that's kind of how we're thinking about those things. And look, in the U.S. automotive business, as Will has highlighted, there's more potential there. But we are being a little bit conservative on how we think about the rest of the year and how that business recovers and continues to improve over the second half. On industrial, I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about the industrial side. They've had a fantastic first half. But as we expect in the second half, moderates a bit to low single digits in the second half versus high single digits in the first half, which gives you the 4% to 6% for industrial. But even with that low single-digit. As I've said a couple of times, we will see some nice margin expansion for the full year in the Industrial segment. So hopefully, that reconciles that and squares the circle for you.
Daniel Imbro: Just one follow-up on the comp guide. You just mentioned you called the back half conservative on the outlook. But in the U.S., you're calling for an acceleration. Inflation is moderating. So clearly, you're implying traffic is going to further accelerate to get the total comp up. I guess, what are the specific buckets? Or what are you looking at in the business that gives you guys the confidence that the traffic will be ultimately accelerating from here through the back half of the year to get that acceleration towards the low end of the 4% to 6% comp guide in the U.S.
Herbert Nappier: Yes. I'm not sure I would have interpreted that way. I'll just reiterate kind of what we're thinking. As we look at the 4% to 6% for the back half for automotive. We've had consistent growth throughout the year on the 4% to 6% range. We expect that for the next 2 quarters, full year automotive at 4% to 6%. International on the higher end and U.S. automotive on the lower end of that range, and I think we'll just leave it there.
Operator: We have time for one last question, and that question will come from Seth Basham of Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Congrats to Sid as well, we'll miss you buddy. My question, not to beat a dead horse is back on the U.S. auto business and the cadence of comps through the quarter. Perhaps we were mistaken, Will. But I thought on the last quarterly conference call, you said that April to date had accelerated from the 3% level in the first quarter. That implies a pretty material deceleration through the balance of the quarter, he said zero-ish, flattish in June. Where were we in April and May?
William Stengel: I think the comment that we made in the first call was true. In April, we did accelerate from the March performance. And as you articulated, and as I think we said, April and May were close to each other in this quarter and then June was the deceleration, and we called it flattish. So call it low single digit, low single digit, flattish for the quarter.
Seth Basham: All right. Fair enough. And then secondly, just following up on your comments regarding the major accounts segment. Seems like that's the segment where there's the most price competition, you're being more disciplined with how you approach some customers there. Can you give us any more color? Are you walking away from some business that you don't see as being profitable enough at this point in time?
William Stengel: I'm not sure I'd go that far. I would say, first and foremost, this part of the business is always discussing price, obviously, because they're big scale accounts. So I wouldn't say that those types of discussions are more intense today than they were before. I think we're just bringing a fresh perspective to making sure that our value prop is being appreciated. And we're also doing work with smaller regional "major accounts" that we can really drive a lot of value with given all the capabilities that we bring to them. So I think it's just a stepped-up level of focus and strategic discipline about taking care of our customers.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thank you. And I just want to reiterate, we are super proud of our team, the way they continue to operate and in a challenging environment around the world. I'd also like to thank all of you for joining us today, and thanks for your combined and continued interest in Genuine Parts Company.  We'll look forward to hosting another call in the third quarter and report on our results. So we'll have another call on October 19th. In the meantime, stay cool and enjoy the rest of your summer. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition to this morning's press release, a supplemental slide presentation can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Note, we will not be playing these slides through the webcast. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. We were pleased with the continued strength and momentum in our businesses and to report results that exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Before I share my comments on the first quarter, I want to share a few thoughts from our 2023 Investor Day, which we hosted just this past month. We use this event to convey our confidence in the bright future of Genuine Parts Company and update everyone on our strategy and the many opportunities we see for long-term profitable growth. During the course of the day, we highlighted our rich history, ongoing transformation and strategic priorities, which we showcased through several key initiatives in an interactive expo. Our panel discussion with our global business unit leaders, allowed us to share specific business and market opportunities and provide insights to the collaboration among our leaders and synergies across the businesses. Finally, we provided three-year financial targets, including a compelling outlook for double-digit EPS CAGR and a double-digit EBITDA and segment profit margin by 2025. It was a great day for the GPC leadership team and hopefully, an informative and productive day for all of our attendees and everyone in the financial community more broadly. If you missed it, we invite you to view the full presentation on our Investor Relations website. So now let's turn to the first quarter. We are proud of the outstanding work by our global GPC teammates, with sales and earnings coming in ahead of our expectations. Our first quarter performance was a clear example of how our strategic transformation to a global automotive and industrial company is a competitive advantage that distinguishes GPC in the marketplace. We benefited from our business mix and the geographic diversity of our operations with continued strong performances in our international automotive businesses and in the industrial segment. A few highlights in the quarter include; record quarterly sales of $5.8 billion, up 9% from the prior year, segment margin of 9.1%, up 50 basis points from 2022. Earnings per share of $2.14, up 15% from adjusted EPS last year, and our 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. And finally, we strengthened our balance sheet while generating solid cash flow to support our growth initiatives and capital allocation. The global GPC team is focused on driving accelerated sales and earnings growth, continued margin expansion and strong cash flow through dynamic economic conditions. Across our businesses, our teammates are aligned and executing on our strategic plan to deliver outstanding customer service and continued market share gains. In industrial, demand trends held strong throughout the first quarter with new and existing customer activity and reshoring trends each presenting growth opportunities. We believe our continued momentum in industrial is due to the diversity of our product and service offerings and end markets, which all performed well again this quarter. Our acquisition of KDG and enhanced capabilities in industrial solutions, including automation, fluid power and conveyance are proving to be competitive differentiators, and we remain bullish on this business in the near-term. Our global automotive business continues to benefit from the geographic diversity of our markets, which helped to offset the headwinds of a warmer winter and volatile weather conditions in our US automotive business in Q1. In addition, the automotive aftermarket is benefiting from trends such as the ongoing increase in miles driven and aging and complex vehicle fleet and rising interest rates and continued high prices for new and used vehicles. These are all key drivers to ongoing growth in demand, especially for the DIFM segment, which represents 80% of our global automotive sales. So after delivering back-to-back record years, we are pleased with the solid start to 2023 and we continue to expect another strong year of profitable growth. Looking ahead, we are confident that GPC is well-positioned with the right strategic plans, strong fundamentals, and rock-solid balance sheet to pursue accretive organic and acquisitive investment opportunities while also returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So again, we thank each of our GPC teammates for taking great care of our customers around the world. So now I'll turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I'd also like to thank the global GPC team for the strong start to the year. We appreciate all your hard work to take care of our customers every day. As Paul referenced earlier, the pride in our business was on display at our Investor Day last month. We were excited to share our vision, unique advantages, market opportunities and how we're winning as we execute strategic initiatives. Our initiatives are focused on talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain and emerging technology, all complemented by a disciplined M&A strategy. As we shared during the sessions, our team is well positioned with leadership positions in attractive, fragmented markets with established customer relationships, global supplier partnerships, technical expertise and a scaled global infrastructure. We work together with shared values as one GPC team to create customer success and shareholder value. Turning our attention to the first quarter performance in our two business segments. Total sales for Global Industrial segment were $2.3 billion, an increase of approximately $240 million or 11.9%. Comparable sales growth increased approximately 12.1% in the first quarter versus last year. This marks Motion's eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit comparable sales growth. From a cadence perspective, through the quarter, January and February were the strongest two months on a one-year basis, but on a two-year basis, sales were relatively consistent throughout the quarter. In March 2023, Motion eclipsed the previous monthly sales and profit record set in March of 2022. The sales growth at Motion continues to be broad-based with double-digit growth across most product categories and major industries serve. During the quarter, we saw strength from industries such as food products, chemicals, mining and oil and gas. In addition, Motion continues to see solid performance with its corporate account initiatives, as sales with these customers grew approximately 20% in the first quarter. The corporate account strength is driven from not only new customers but also strategic renewals of existing relationships. In Asia Pac, our Motion business continues to build on its momentum posting sales and profit growth well over 20% for the quarter. We realigned the leadership of the industrial business in Asia Pac by organizing under one automotive and industrial leadership team in the fall of 2022. The team has made impressive progress to identify opportunities, take action and deliver performance. Industrial segment profit in the first quarter was approximately $262 million or 11.6% of sales, representing a 230 basis point increase from the same period last year. The continued profit improvement for this segment reflects excellent operating discipline on strong sales growth, both in North America and Asia Pac. In addition, the team in North America continues to build on the synergies from the KDG acquisition last year. As we reported at our Investor Day, thanks to the incredible teamwork for many, Motion realized over $30 million in synergies in the first year, and we expect to achieve our target over $50 million in total synergies by the end of this year, one year earlier than our initial expectation. For the quarter, Global Industrial represented 50% of total GPC segment profit. Turning to the Global Automotive segment. Total sales were $3.5 billion, an increase of approximately $230 million or 7% versus the same period in 2022. Total automotive sales benefited from our global diversification as our businesses outside the US posted high single-digit to double-digit growth in local currency during the first quarter. From a cadence perspective, through the quarter, Global Automotive sales were strongest in February and March. On a comparable basis, global automotive sales increased approximately 7%, with comps ranging from low single digits in the United States to low double-digit growth in Europe and Asia Pac. As Paul mentioned, we remain encouraged by the solid industry fundamentals and team execution, which we believe will continue to drive profitable growth. Global automotive segment profit in the first quarter was $264 million, essentially flat with last year and segment operating margin was 7.5% compared to 8.1% in 2022. The strong performance of our European, Canadian and Asia Pac businesses helped to partially offset lower margins in our US Automotive business. Profit in the US Automotive business was impacted by a sluggish start to the year on sales, combined with planned investments in wages and elevated freight out expense. Now, let's turn to an overview of our automotive business performance by geography. In the US, automotive sales grew approximately 4% during the quarter, with comparable sales growth of approximately 3%. The first quarter represents the toughest year-over-year comparison of 2023, with an approximate 12% comp growth in the first quarter of 2022. Looking at our average daily sales, growth was relatively consistent throughout the quarter. However, milder winter temperatures combined with extreme weather events impacted automotive demand in certain product categories and periodically disrupted operations. As examples, sales of batteries were positive, but below internal plans during the quarter, particularly in the Northeast. More broadly, we offset sluggish categories in heating and cooling and undercar, with strength in various core categories such as filters, brakes and fluids, all of which had growth above the US average. Growth was consistent across our regions, except for our west region, which experienced a more pronounced negative impact from weather, which temporarily disrupted many of our operations. Overall, we estimate that weather negatively impacted US Automotive sales by approximately 1% in the quarter. Sales to both commercial and retail customers were positive, with mid-single-digit commercial growth outpacing retail. Our commercial business saw sales increase across all customer segments, including continued strength with our fleet and government channel and mid-single-digit growth in our NAPA AutoCare network. The sales performance at US Automotive started the year slow relative to our expectations. As a result, the team acted during March to address cost while balancing its longer-term investment priorities. The benefits of the actions will be weighted towards the second half of the year. Sales have improved during the first half of April when compared to March and the team remains focused on delivering in 2023 despite the soft start to the year. In Canada, sales grew approximately 9% in local currency during the first quarter, with comparable sales growth of approximately 9%. Our Canadian performance reflects strong growth in several categories like brakes, chassis and filtration, all of which were up double digits in the first quarter. In addition, we saw strong performance in our heavy-duty business, which outperformed the total Canadian growth rate. These categories helped offset headwinds in certain weather-related categories like batteries, which were pressured by a milder winter season. We're pleased with the strong quarter in Canada, and we continue to see compelling opportunities for long-term growth due to our leading market position, solid industry fundamentals, share gain initiatives, and strong team execution. In Europe, our automotive team delivered another exceptional quarter with total sales growth of approximately 22% in local currency and comparable sales growth of approximately 13%. The strong growth in market share gains across Europe continue to be driven by solid execution of key initiatives. During the first quarter, we saw high single-digit to double-digit growth across each of our geographies as our teams continue to win new business with key accounts drive higher share of wallet with existing accounts and expand the NAPA brand in the region. We're on track to grow our NAPA branded sales from €300 million in 2022 to approximately €400 million in 2023. Our entry into Spain and Portugal in 2022 has exceeded our expectations and value creation plans as it benefits from the NAPA brand and European scale advantage. In addition, our team is expanding our NexDrive EV service shops to approximately 400 locations, up from 150 shops in 2022. We believe our NexDrive offering will position the European team to lead our industry in the growing EV aftermarket. In the Asia-Pac automotive business, sales in the first quarter increased approximately 14% in local currency from the same period in the prior year, with comparable sales growth of approximately 11%. Both commercial and retail sales continued to perform well with both growing at a double-digit rate in the first quarter. In addition, March saw record sales and profit results across several go-to-market channels, including Repco, NAPA, and our motorcycle accessories. Asia-Pac continued to make impressive progress on its talent and culture and customer-centric growth initiatives. We continue to complement organic growth with strategic acquisitions to capture share in our fragmented markets and create shareholder value. During the first quarter, we completed several bolt-on acquisitions, primarily consisting of small automotive store groups that increased local market density in existing geographies. Our acquisition pipeline remains active and will remain disciplined to pursue transactions that extend our leadership and create long-term value. In summary, the global GPC team delivered strong first quarter results and we remain confident in the outlook for the balance of the year despite a dynamic environment. We will execute our near and long-term initiatives and focus on what we can control. Our investments in our people, customer solutions, technology, supply chain, and emerging tech will continue to enhance our capabilities and leadership positions. Thank you again to the entire GPC team for the hard work and performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Will and thanks to everyone for joining us today. We are very proud of our teams as they continue to navigate a dynamic environment and I'm pleased to walk you through the key highlights of our first quarter performance. Before I get started on the details of our results, I would like to note that we had no non-recurring items in the first quarter of 2023. However, our comparisons to the prior year do exclude certain non-recurring items in 2022, primarily related to the integration of KDG. Total GPC sales increased 8.9% or $470 million to $5.8 billion in the first quarter of 2023. This reflects an 8.7% improvement in comparable sales, including mid-single-digit levels of inflation and a 2.4% contribution from acquisitions. These items were partially offset by a 2.2% unfavorable impact of foreign currency. Overall, our balanced portfolio and global diversification drove record total sales and strong earnings to start the year. Our gross margin was 34.9% in the first quarter, improving 30 basis points from our adjusted gross margin last year, primarily driven by ongoing investments in our pricing and sourcing initiatives. The favorable impact of these and other initiatives contributed approximately 60 basis points of core gross margin improvement. These gains were partially offset by two key headwinds. First, a shift in sales mix related to the strength of our industrial business, which impacted gross margin by approximately 15 basis points; and second, foreign currency, which also impacted gross margin by approximately 15 basis points. As we highlighted at Investor Day, our ongoing execution of key strategic initiatives around gross margin continue to drive strong results. Our total operating and non-operating expenses in the first quarter were approximately $1.6 billion, up 9% from adjusted expenses in 2022 and in line with the prior year at 27.9% of sales. The increase in expenses in Q1 reflects the combination of solid discipline in managing core costs, offset by planned investments in our teams due to inflationary wage conditions and increased spending in technology to support our ongoing strategic initiatives. As Will noted, with elevated operating costs pressuring margins in the first quarter in our US Automotive business, we have taken actions in March to address these headwinds, which we anticipate to persist into Q2. We expect these cost actions, combined with our ongoing discipline on costs across the remainder of the business and the execution of our broad base of strategic initiatives to drive further improvement in operational efficiencies and productivity for GPC. Our performance in the first quarter generated total segment profit of $526 million, up 16% and a segment profit margin of 9.1%, a 50 basis point improvement from last year and our fifth consecutive quarter of segment margin expansion. Our first quarter net income was $304 million or $2.14 per diluted share. This compares to adjusted net income of $266 million or $1.86 per diluted share in 2022, an increase of 15%. Our ability to deliver our 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings growth is indicative of the hard work and crisp execution by our teams to implement our strategic initiatives across our global operations. Turning to our cash flows. We generated $198 million in cash from operations in the first quarter. This compares to $399 million in cash from operations last year, which included the sale of $200 million in receivables under our AR sales agreement. Free cash flow was $109 million, and we closed the first quarter with $2.1 billion in available liquidity. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA is 1.7 times, which compares to our targeted range of two to 2.5 times. We are well-positioned with financial strength and flexibility to take advantage of growth opportunities that may become available across the business. We remain committed to our long history of disciplined capital allocation. Our four key priorities for capital allocation are unchanged and include investment in our business through capital expenditures and M&A and the return of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In the first quarter, we invested $88 million in capital expenditures, primarily around supply chain and technology. These investments support many of the initiatives we shared at Investor Day that we believe will drive the modernization of our business moving forward. We also invested $40 million for acquisitions, which remains a key element of our growth strategy. As Will mentioned earlier, we continue to generate a robust pipeline of acquisition targets for our businesses. For the quarter, we returned $194 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $126 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and $68 million of cash used to repurchase 411,000 shares. We are well-positioned with the cash flow to effectively deploy our capital through all business cycles. Turning to our outlook for 2023. We are updating our full year guidance previously provided in our earnings release on February 23rd and reaffirmed on March 23rd at our Investor Day. We are raising our guidance for diluted earnings per share to a range of $8.95 to $9.10, an increase of approximately 7% to 9% from 2022. This represents a $0.15 increase from our previous guidance of $8.80 to $8.95. Our sales guidance is unchanged, and we continue to expect total sales growth for 2023 to be in the range of 4% to 6%. By business segment, we are guiding to the following; 4% to 6% total sales growth for the Automotive segment with comparable sales growth also in the 4% to 6% range. For the Industrial segment, we are expecting total sales growth of 4% to 6%, also with a 4% to 6% comparable sale increase, and with the ongoing assumption of stronger first half year-on-year sales growth relative to the second half of 2023, although our view on Q2 and Q3 have improved modestly. Turning to a few other items of interest. We are raising our outlook for cash from operations to a range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, an increase from $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion previously. We are raising our outlook for free cash flow to a range of $900 million to $1 billion, an increase from our previous guidance of $800 billion [ph] to $1 billion. We continue to plan for CapEx of $375 million to $400 million for the full year, which includes incremental investments in technology and supply chain, among others. In closing, we are very pleased with the strong start to the year and positive momentum in our business. While our US Automotive business had a slow start to the year, we've started Q2 with good sales momentum and expect our team to execute, build traction through the second quarter and have a solid second half of 2023. Our outlook for the full year reflects the ongoing confidence in our strategic plans and our ability to execute through the dynamic economic environment. GPC is truly differentiated with our business mix, global footprint, our size and scale, the execution of initiatives and our talent, we have a unique value proposition. As we shared at Investor Day, our team is well positioned to execute our plans to deliver our targets for a double-digit EPS CAGR over the next three years and double-digit margins by 2025. Thank you. And we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking our question. Just one housekeeping question. Just it sounds like weather was a little noisy during the quarter, but the fundamentals are still intact. Can you remind us what exposure you have to California or to the West?
Will Stengel: Yes. Kate, it's a good question. I would say we don't have an outsized exposure to any one region. The breakdown of the US automotive revenue is probably directionally correct, equally split across the regions.
Kate McShane: Okay. Thank you. And then I think you mentioned in the prepared comments that because of the sluggish start in January, your team pivoted to some new strategies that will impact the second half. Can you talk a little bit more about what that is? And what impact do you think it will have in the second half?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Kate, this is Bert. I'll talk a little bit about -- maybe I'll start with the outlook as a starting point, just to give you some context for the full year. I'll talk a little bit about Q2, and then I'll flip it to Will and will give you a little bit more color on the cost actions in US auto specifically. When we think about the full year, we did raise the outlook $0.15. That's a 1.5% increase on the top end of our range, really on the back of a better-than-expected first quarter and our expectations, as we've commented for US Auto to recover against some of these Q1 headwinds and a stronger view on Motion performance over the coming two quarters. When we think about that, I do want to remind everyone that we do expect growth to moderate in 2023. We had exceptional growth in 2021 and 2022. But we're still looking at very solid earnings growth at 7% to 9% year-over-year with the new range. The business continues to perform well. We're going to continue to capitalize on size and scale, and bullish against our execution of our own strategic initiatives. And I think we're off to a great start as we march towards our 2025 targets that we shared on Investor Day. We're obviously being very balanced and being prudent against the external factors that are out there. Inflation levels, foreign currency and the geopolitical landscape, just to name a few. When I think about Q2, just to give you some color there about how we're thinking about the upcoming quarter, we started off in a good place. Global Automotive is in line with April, 7% on the top line. And within that, as Will stated in his prepared remarks, US auto has started off with good momentum in the month of April, accelerating from March. We see continued strength in international auto and the global industrial business momentum is carried into Q2. But, again, we do expect that to normalize against the Q1 rate. Those cost pressures in US Auto, I think, will persist into the early part of Q2 for the balance of the quarter probably, and Will will talk about those just in a moment on what we're doing to get us back to the expected level of performance that we're looking for in the second half. One thing I'd remind you, too, on Q2 is, just as you think about your models, recall that Q2 of 2022 represented our strongest earnings growth last year. And as a result, when we think about our guidance for the full year, the second quarter of 2023 will be -- our expectation will be that it will be our lowest earnings growth rate for this year. So Will, maybe you want to just take that from there and fill in a little bit more specific on the cost actions at US Auto.
Will Stengel: Yes. Happy to, Bert. Kate, I would say, obviously, the teams around the world have been incredibly focused on costs. So, I wouldn't say, there's any necessarily new actions or levers being pulled. I think we're just stepping up the urgency and the focus at US Automotive. They're predominantly around as you would suspect, all things people, in particular around more rigor on over time in stores and DCs, just being super thoughtful to make sure that we're balancing cost with taking care of our customers, T&E expense. We've also pulled together some accelerated plans around merchandising and freight cost strategies, which will take a little bit of time to materialize here through the second half of the year. But we're going to balance near-term cost actions with, as we've talked about, long-term investments, and make sure that we're doing the right thing for the business over the medium and long term.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please, go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Bret.
Will Stengel: Hi, Bret.
Bret Jordan: On the US Auto, I think you said the comp was plus 3%. Could you break out price versus units in that number?
Will Stengel: Yes, Brett. So total GPC price, mid-single digits. Global automotive, slightly higher than that. I would put US Automotive in that category. Industrial, slightly under the mid-single digit, low single digit. So probably mid-single digit plus is probably a good estimate for US Auto.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then, you talked about margin benefits from pricing initiatives. And could you talk about what you're seeing out there? And, I guess, auto and industrial as well, as sort of market share dynamics and how the competitive pricing environment looks this year? Obviously, you guys were investing in price a year or so ago, but Auto Plus has gone Chapter 11, so maybe there's some sort of change in dynamics out there as far as the competition.
Will Stengel: Yes. It's a good question, Bert. I would say, generally speaking, in US Automotive, the -- we haven't seen any material change in the pricing dynamics as we've talked about many quarters before. It is a dynamic environment. That's why we're so focused on our strategic pricing initiatives and all the investments we're making there. Like every industry, people are picking and choosing and executing strategies in the market, just like we are. But it is kind of a rational but dynamic market. So, we're really not seeing anything materially different than what we've seen in the last few quarters. We're going to focus on what we think is right from a strategic pricing perspective. As you heard at Investor Day, we've put a lot of investment into tools and talent and new rigor around collecting intelligence to make sure that we're in the right place for our customers. You also heard a lot about the NAPA brand and the role that, that plays in particular, in Europe in our assortment strategy and all the great work that our merchants and sourcing teams are doing around the world. So, we're being very thoughtful in this pricing environment, but I wouldn't say there's a material change despite some of the developments that you noted in your question.
Bert Nappier: And Bret, this is Bert Nappier. I'll just add a little bit to that. And you see that effectiveness with our margin -- gross margin expansion here in Q1 up 30 basis points. And within that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, 60 basis points of improvement from these activities that Will just outlined. So, the core is really performing well. We had some headwinds from mix and FX, but we're really pleased with how all of that work is flowing through and delivering in terms of gross margin improvement.
Bret Jordan: And just sort of a follow-up on that point. Now, that you've got Asia-Pac sort of industrial and auto under 1 team. the potential to leverage the sourcing, buying products from the same suppliers for both segments. Is that something that you're seeing better traction in down there versus the broader portfolio?
Will Stengel: I wouldn't isolate it to down in Asia-Pac. In fact, we just had our global sourcing teammates here in Atlanta from all around the world to continue to build on this exciting momentum where all geographies on both sides of the business will be better aligned and more press on where we have our opportunities. So, I wouldn't say that Asia-Pac is benefiting now more on sourcing. Having said that, they are benefiting from being together as a team, and that's a big part of how they're thinking about their business as they move forward. And so whether you're talking about the organization design, back-office cost, et cetera. I think there's a lot of opportunities for them to continue to work better as one organization.
Bret Jordan: Would you do broader integration globally? If it works in Asia-Pac, would you just think about merging more of the overhead on both sides of the business?
Will Stengel: I think we have an opportunity to work together to leverage our scale, the definition of what you mean by merged business units, probably not. But working together as a team, you heard at Investor Day, the importance of One GPC. That's the perfect philosophy around how do we work together to make sure that we're capturing all the opportunities as a global organization.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Will Stengel: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question will be from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Josh Young: Hey, good morning. This is Josh on for Scott. So, on the segment margins, with automotive down 60 basis points in the quarter, industrial up over 200. Can you just unpack a little more what the drivers were there for each segment?
Bert Nappier: Hey Josh, it's Bert. I'll take that one, and I'll start kind of at the GPC level. When we think about -- we had margin expansion for gross margin, really, where we're focused on some of that drag is in SG&A. SG&A was up 10 basis points year-over-year. That's really a mix of three factors: inflation, planned investments in the business and then offset by really strong leverage across the business outside of US Auto. For the quarter, when we think about how to really think about the elements, I would say we had SG&A pressure about 50 basis points from those planned investments that we shared at the beginning of the year and again at Investor Day, in IT and talent. Now, some of the talent cost is certainly going to be inflation driven, but we're making very thoughtful investment in talent and IT, which we see as critical for the future. When you look at US Auto, the quarter was impacted by higher personnel costs there and freight delivery costs. So that's the outbound freight from a DC to a store. The wage side was really again the impact of planned investments we made to ensure we're staying competitive. I think everybody is facing that across all businesses and talent is a key part of our long-term success. On the freight side, we're seeing the impact of higher rates from our carriers as they're looking to do the same thing, they're looking to cover higher wages due to driver shortages. So those two things on the automotive side were part of the equation. The other thing I would just say is that, I turn back to this weather consideration. We really didn't anticipate that, as you would expect. None of us are forecasters here in terms of weather. But -- we didn't anticipate some of those weather impacts, particularly coming off the very strong December we had in US Auto. So our staffing models were set to align to a sales run rate where we exited 2022. And that was probably a little bit higher than we needed to support Q1 softer sales level. So all of that together compressed margin in US Auto and was a bit of a headwind for us. As we look ahead, the cost of business is doing a little of doing business is a little higher and inflationary conditions are certainly contributing to that. We're reducing where we can. And again, investments we're making in the business that we shared at Investor Day are a big part of driving efficiency. So while two is kind of take that back to the top level again, and maybe talk about these wage investments in IT and why we think they're so important to us. On the IT side, we're making investments to improve our capabilities and modernize our platforms and Nadeem share that extensively last month. We think those are the right things to do. But in certain cases, the pivot in that space is to cloud-based technology. And as many of you know, that changes the dynamic from a capital to operating costs. And as I shared earlier this year, that's about a 30 basis point drag for us for the year. On the talent side, it's a very competitive market out there for talent. And we're making smart investments with our people with a mid-single-digit wage increase. I think that's in line with most businesses, slightly higher for us than 2022. And we also made the decision to take some of the health care costs we were seeing and absorb them here at the corporate level rather than what we might normally do and pass those on to our employees through higher contributions from them. And that's the right thing for our team right now. So I take that all together, we got a little bit of deleverage for the year 30 to 40 basis points. Those two things are 60. So you can see we're really leveraging outside of that US auto business right now. And with that, we expect margin for the full year to be up 20 to 40 basis points. And as you saw in Q1, we were up 50 basis points.
Josh Young: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then could you just walk us through what you saw in terms of inflation during the quarter and what your expectations are for the balance of the year here?
Bert Nappier: Sure. Yeah, I'll take that one as well. As we look at Q1, inflation moderated slightly during the quarter. That was in line with our expectations. Again, we think monetary policies here in the US and around the world are having the desired effect. But that does take a little time to flow through. Q1 inflation and sales, all GPC total was mid-single digit. Auto was high single digit. And again, industrial, which has been very consistent, low single digits. Our expectation for inflation for the rest of the year is for it to continue to moderate. That's pretty consistent with the view I just shared at Investor Day. Obviously, the actual impact is yet to be seen. But our assumption is that the automotive business will tick down from high single digits to low single digits to close out the year. Industrial will stay in that low single-digit range and that GPC that translates in us going from mid-single digit to low single digits.
Josh Young: Okay. Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Christopher, your line is open. Perhaps your line is mute on your end.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning everybody. So a couple of follow-up questions. First, is it fair to say that you were expecting US NAPA to be more like a 4% comp for the first quarter, considering you pointed out a point of on the weather side? And is that a fair interpretation of where the business is running in April?
Will Stengel: The first part of your question is fair. And the second part of your question is fair.
Christopher Horvers: Okay. And so dovetailing back to the US NAPA division, you talked about 20 to 40 basis points of segment margin expansion. So was it -- is the original plan that you would deleverage the NAPA operating margin due to the investments?
Bert Nappier: Chris, this is Bert. So when I talked about 20 to 40 basis points of segment margin improvement, I'm talking about GPC consolidated. I don't really want to get into parsing the onion too finely between the elements of that. But we were not expecting margin declines in either segment for the year. The math would be difficult to achieve 20 to 40 basis points being up consolidated for either of the two segments to be down year-over-year. Look, we had a softer start to the year in US Auto. We've got a great plan here in place with some cost actions we're taking, but it will take a little time to build traction and auger in through the quarter. We're looking for a really solid second half there and building that momentum for us, and we feel good about that.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then just on the freight front understanding that there's some wage cost being pass-through and driver shortages, fuel prices surged in March of last year and all your freight out, I'm assuming it's a periodic expense. So should the freight start to be a tailwind here in the second quarter? And then how long before maybe some of the capitalized freight costs turned to a tailwind later in the year? Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. It's Bert again. Look, on the cost of ocean freight, those that are included in our inbound and cost of goods sold. My gross margin projection for the year and our guidance assumes we get a bit of a tailwind of that in the second half. That's clearly our expectation. I think that's in line with the market. On the outbound freight, diesel fuel is still up year-over-year just slightly in the quarter. It started out January, I think, in the north of 20%, moderated a bit in February into the teens and then turned positive in March. The net sum of that was about a 3.5% increase for the quarter in fuel cost. And so we had a bit of a headwind there on top of the rates we're getting from the carriers in terms of fuel as it relates to diesel, and that is primary -- that's the primary component of that delivery cost as we think about fuel when it goes from the DC to the store. We would expect that, if March is an indicator that, that will start to tick down a bit and could be a benefit to us. Will mentioned that we've got some actions related to that. On the labor side, I think it's pretty sticky, though. When we think about these carriers, and we're all facing higher wages. Year-over-year, the cost of doing business is undeniably higher because of wage rates, and I don't think those will abate. But we might get a little bit of a tailwind here on the fuel aspect and see how that maps out over the next couple of quarters. Sorry for the long answer.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. Thanks very much. No, thank you so much.
Will Stengel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Liz Suzuki from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Liz Suzuki: Hi, thank you. Just -- I guess this is more of a theoretical question about acquisition opportunities. I mean historically, you've acquired businesses that are performing well that can bring synergies to your core operations in both Industrial and Automotive. But if there were underperforming competitors in either a category where you saw an opportunity to bring GPC's distribution capabilities to that business. Would that ever we consider it as an acquisition target?
Will Stengel: Yes, Liz, it's a great question, and the answer is yes. We're going to do deals that create value that align with our strategy, regardless of how they're performing. And I would say our capabilities in this part of the business positions us pretty well as the environment gets tougher. We're going to be really disciplined on whether they're a good business or a challenged business. But if we can create value and it makes sense for our strategy, I think the power of our balance sheet and our liquidity position is that's exactly the type of environment that we want to operate in, so we can leverage our scale.
Liz Suzuki: Got you. And then just on the guidance for the year, the interest expense came down a little bit. So it sounds like there are no near-term plans to take on additional leverage, but just wanted to get your thoughts about that and on your current debt level and any near-term plans for cash outside of the opportunities that you laid out already in your -- in the slides.
Bert Nappier: Hi, Liz, it's Bert. Look, there's nothing in the near-term that has really changed or really for the balance of the year in terms of how we're thinking. Interest expense has come down a bit. We've had a little less need to borrow against our revolver intra-month, which has been a bit of a benefit to us and intentional. And then when we think about the uses of cash and our capital allocation for the year, it's still pretty balanced. We don't have anything different than what we shared at Investor Day and no different plans. The only thing that's on the horizon is we've got a debt maturity at the end of the year. And obviously, we'll want to be thinking about the environment that the capital market brings to us as we get closer to that and how we think about refinancing or paying back or some of the various options we might have. So again, just being really disciplined as we always are being faithful to our four priorities on capital allocation and no surprises for you guys.
Liz Suzuki: Perfect. Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Yes.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Liz.
Operator: And the next question is from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Melich: I have a follow-up on Auto and then turn to Industrial. I just want to make sure on the Auto margin, it looks like the decline was pretty much all in the US business. Is it fair to say that both Europe and Asia Pacific segment Auto margins were up year-on-year?
Bert Nappier: That's fair to say.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then the -- on the Industrial side, how sustainable is the expansion rate, but also just the level that you've gotten to in industrial? Is something changed there about the fundamental profitability of that side of the business?
Bert Nappier: Greg, this is Bert. I wouldn't say there's anything fundamental that's changed other than just continued strong momentum and building on the actions in that business over the last couple of years. You build on industrial team that -- and the Motion team that is executing at a very high level, their core business, a stellar integration of KDG and how we've achieved synergy, which was transformational in driving additional size and scale and creating opportunity. That combination has allowed us to continue to improve margin in that business. As we shared at Investor Day, we're looking at that business being at a 12% level. And so, we're marching towards that as a target. And, obviously, this quarter gave you a glimpse of our progression in that regard. And I think we're on the right track to hit that level of profitability as we shared at Investor Day based on what we see right now and what we see for the next several quarters.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Greg, this is Paul. I would just cap off both those comments. When you think about the two businesses, Auto and Industrial, and we've talked about this a good bit in the past. We talked about it during Investor Day. If you go back a few years, we laid out our multi-year diversification strategy. And I would tell you, this is a classic quarter where that strategy is really paying dividends. And it's -- and hats off to our teams, our Industrial team, our international teams all really delivered in Q1. We could not be more proud of them.
Greg Melich: Very well. Congrats guys and good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Greg.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Greg.
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Next question is from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please, go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is just on the weather effects going forward. Given the gyrations you saw through the winter, do you expect the weather to be a drag on sales through the balance of the year?
Will Stengel: Hey, Seth, it's Will. Listen, I don't -- I'm not in the -- I don't think any of us are in the business of forecasting the weather as we move forward. So, no, we haven't modeled in any of our forward commentary or outlook impact from weather.
Paul Donahue: Seth, I've been at this a number of years. It was a crazy, crazy quarter. When I look back at our call in January, we were sitting here in Atlanta, and it was 80 degrees, yet many parts of the country were shut down with incredible snowfall. At this point in time, all we're going to do is we're going to focus on what we can control. And our businesses are all performing at a really high level. We expect that to continue regardless of what Mother Nature has in store for us in the balance of the year.
Seth Basham: Understood. And in terms of the 100 basis points drag from weather in the quarter, was it more pronounced on the DIY side than the do-it-for-me side?
Will Stengel: Yes, I don't think we can make a distinction between DIY and DIFM from a weather perspective. I mean, 80% of our business is do-it-for-me. So -- but there's no distinction between the two.
Seth Basham: Fair enough. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Seth.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: And our final question for today will come from Daniel Imbro from Stephens Inc. Please, go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions. I wanted to start as a follow-up on the industrial margin kind of outlook you guys provided. Bert talked about kind of 12% guidepost. If I look at 1Q, really strong expansion, but the growth was up double digits. Obviously, the guide is calling for growth to slow to get to that 5% midpoint for the year. It's your expectation, just to make sure we understood that correctly, margins would still be up year-over-year for the coming quarters, just maybe up less than the first quarter, or how would you think about the pace of industrial expansion as that headline growth flows through the year?
Bert Nappier: Well, I don't want to get into giving quarterly guidance on the Industrial segment, but I'll just talk about the full year and tell you that when you think about the industrial business, we've got, as we -- I think we've said repeatedly high single-digit topline growth model for the first half. That moderates down to low single digits in the second half based on our expectation of economic conditions, which could obviously change. Even with all of that, even with a low single-digit outlook for the second half, we're expecting the segment to improve its margin for the full year. Will it be at the same rate as Q1? No. We're not modeling that, and you know that from our full year guidance. But in a lower growth moderated environment in the second half that business will still perform well on a margin basis, and we expect that margin to expand for the full year, which is why we're looking at overall GPC margin expansion for the full year as well.
Daniel Imbro: Great. I appreciate that color. And then to follow-up on the automotive margin, not to beat a dead horse, but you mentioned the wage investment and kind of I think you mentioned it in the question, the cost of doing business has gone up. I guess, what inning are we in, in terms of those wage investments as and when do we begin to lap these and we could return to levering that wage line on a low to mid-single-digit type comp? Just what's that kind of outlook look like on those investments you're planning on making in the business?
Bert Nappier: Well, look, I'll just tell you that we spent the last 12 months or so moving down the P&L in terms of inflation impact, starting with the topline and cost of goods sold, I think all businesses, so I don't want to put us in some unique camp. I think all businesses are starting to feel the impact of inflation in the heart of the P&L. And that's now moving into freight lines, SG&A, personnel costs, and some of those things. To call the inning on that is really tough. My dad was a baseball coach, and I like to say that I'm baseball-ready, but the call to inning on that one is a little difficult. I just go back to the point that in this highly inflationary environment, there's no question the floor has been raised on the cost of doing business. It's not just here in the US, it's around the world. And the best indicator for that is what all companies are facing right now with inflation on wages. I don't want to give you a precise estimate on a range of leverage. I think historically, the company has been talking about a 3% to 4%. If it's been 3% to 4%, it's probably floating closer to the higher end of that range. But the thing we're focused on, and I think it underscores and emphasize the importance of doubling down on these investments and initiatives we're making in productivity and efficiency, modernizing our operations, and the things you heard about at Investor Day will help us. And then we're always going to be faithful to driving leverage and reducing costs where we can. And you saw a great example of that in the business this quarter with the leverage we gained in the Motion business and the International Automotive businesses. So, I think that's a great data point on how we're thinking about modeling this going forward. And obviously, my guidance contemplates that as to our 2025 targets.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, makes a lot of sense. Thanks so much for all the color.
Bert Nappier: Thanks Daniel.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Chad. We appreciate it. And listen, we appreciate all the questions and all of you joining us this morning. As I hope you've heard, we're incredibly pleased with the strong start to the year and we could not be more proud of the great work being done by all of our GPC teammates around the world. We're -- we continue to be excited with the momentum this business is generating. So, I hope you feel that and heard that today in our in our comments. So, listen, all of you have a great day wherever you are and thanks for your interest in GPC.
Operator: And thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President; and Chief Operating Officer; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, today’s conference call and webcast includes slide presentation that can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which maybe referred to during today’s discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted on the Investor page of our website. Today’s call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings, including this morning’s press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. Now I will turn it over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid. And good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. We are pleased to report the GPC team capped off a record setting year with a strong fourth quarter highlighted by double-digit sales and earnings growth coupled with continued margin expansion.  We're incredibly proud of the progress in our operations and thankful to our teammates across the globe for their ongoing commitment to excellence.  With the support of strong industry fundamentals and resilience of our automotive and industrial businesses, our teams were focused on executing key initiatives to drive sales growth faster than the market, improved gross margin and enhance operational efficiencies. As a result, we delivered in several key areas in the fourth quarter and full year.  A few highlights in the fourth quarter would include total sales of $5.5 billion up 15%. And our seventh consecutive quarter of double digit sales growth. Segment margin of 9.5%, up 80 basis points from the prior year and adjusted earnings per share of $2.05 up 15% from 2021 and our 10th consecutive quarter of double digit earnings growth.  For the full year, our strong quarterly performance drove record total sales of $22.1 billion up 17% which follows a 14% increase in 2021. Segment margin of 9.4% up 60 basis points from 2021. Adjusted earnings per share of $8.34 up 21% from the prior year, and a new GPC record. And strong cash flow with cash from operations up 17% and free cash flow up 14% from 2021 levels.  Reflecting on the record year which followed and outstanding 2021, we are confident that our transformation efforts, including the streamlining of our businesses to an automotive and industrial centric business, along with our ongoing strategic initiatives has been highly successful. Throughout 2022, our teams have navigated the dynamics of the macro economy and have continued to deliver market share gains while delivering positive momentum across our core businesses.  We continue to make significant investments in talent and technology to maximize the impact of our key initiatives. As examples, we made solid progress to advance our pricing strategies and optimize our supply chain and network footprint. Our execution in the field has proven effective in driving poor improvement in gross margin and SG&A as well as parts availability, all of which provide additional opportunities for us in the future.  As we build on the competitive advantages of our size and scale, we continue to look for strategic M&A opportunities to further boost our product and service offerings and expand our automotive and industrial footprint. As you will hear from Will, last year's acquisition of Kaman Distribution Group, has been transformational for our industrial segment. KDG had a significant impact on our industrial performance in 2022. And as elevated our capabilities as a premier industrial solutions provider. Our global automotive teams were also active with acquisitions, including geographic expansion in Europe, with the addition of operations in both Spain and Portugal. For the year, we added 138 net new stores across our global footprint, with the U.S. and Europe leading the way. Looking ahead, we have a healthy pipeline of acquisition targets, and M&A remains an important element of our global growth strategy. As we turn our attention to 2023. While the macro environment remains uncertain, we are confident in our strategic plans to drive ongoing market share gains, with sustained sales and earnings growth, continued margin expansion and strong cash flow. Looking at the operating environment more broadly, our automotive business is benefiting from several tailwinds, including the geographic diversity of our markets. The increase in vehicle miles driven an aging vehicle fleet and limited new car inventory. These tailwinds are driving steady levels of demand in the aftermarket, with particular strength in the DIFM segment. In industrial, we continue to see solid demand trends with new and existing customer activity and reshoring threat trends, each presenting growth opportunities. We believe this strong performance in our industrial business reflects the diversity of our product and service offerings, as well as our end markets, which all performed well in the fourth quarter. In addition, as you'll hear from Will, our growing capabilities and industrial solutions, including automation, fluid power and convenience, are proving to be differentiators for our business. Collectively, we believe these strong fundamentals, combined with a rock solid balance sheet, position GPC with the financial strength and flexibility to continue to pursue strategic growth opportunities through both organic and inquisitive investment, while also returning capital to shareholders. So before I close, I'd like to remind our investor community that we will be hosting an Analyst and Investor day on Thursday, March 23, here at our headquarters in Atlanta. We will be sharing more about our strategic initiatives and provide an update to our long-term financial targets. We look forward to hosting this event next month and hope to see you all here in Atlanta. We have an exceptional 2022, which included celebrating our 95th year of operations. Our accomplishments as one GPC team are evident in this milestone year. And we are proud to lead a company with such a long and rich history that differentiates GPC across all of our marketplaces. But now I'll turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I also would like to thank the global GPC team for an exceptional year in 2022, and the hard work to take care of our customers every day. Around the world, our teams are aligned on our strategic initiative pillars that include talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain and emerging tech.  Investment and focus in these areas translate into a better customer experience, profitable growth, operational excellence and a differentiated team culture. There in 2022, all of our teams made significant initiative progress, and we look forward to sharing more details about our progress and outlook at our upcoming investor day in March. Turning our attention to the fourth quarter performance total sales for the global automotive segment were $3.4 billion, an increase of approximately $243 million or 7.6% versus the same period in 2021. Our sales growth was consistent through the quarter with a solid finish in December to close the year. On a comparable basis automotive sales growth for the quarter increased 8.2%. Our global automotive teams delivered mid-single digit to low digit comp growth across each of our operations. As Paul mentioned, the automotive segment continues to be driven by solid industry fundamentals and team execution. For fiscal year 2022, Global Automotive segment sales was $13.7 billion, an increase of 8.9% from 2021. Global automotive segment profit in the fourth quarter was $295 million and segment operating margin was 8.6%, an increase of 30 basis points versus the same period in 2021. For the year Global Automotive segment profit was $1.2 billion and segment operating margin was 8.7%, an increase of 10 basis points from 2021 and up 110 basis points from 2019. During the fourth quarter, our automotive business experienced mid to high single digit levels of inflation, relatively consistent with the levels we saw in the second and third quarters. We continue to be pleased with the ongoing positive impact of our category management strategic initiatives. Now let's turn to an overview of our automotive business performance by geography. In the U.S. automotive sales grew approximately 10% during the fourth quarter with comparable sales growth of approximately 6%. Sales were strong across each U.S. region and broadly across product categories, with batteries, motor oil, tools and equipment, heavy duty and brakes all posting strong growth in the quarter. The team navigated various extreme weather events in December and kept teammates safe while taking care of customers. Both commercial and retail customers were positive with low double digit commercial growth outpacing retail, which had low single digit growth. Our commercial business saw sales growth across all customer segments, including notable strength with our fleet and government channel and mid-single digit growth in our NAPA AutoCare Network. Over the course of the year, we grew our NAPA AutoCare Network of professional repair centers to record 18,500 customers, an increase of 670 locations, and further expanded our competitive advantage as America's largest network of parts and care. We also continue our investment in the industry as we trained over 34,000 technicians in 2022 and actively support 900 technicians in our apprenticeship program. Other select accomplishments in 2022 include investments in talent, and enhancements to our data analytics and technology capabilities. These enhancements have improved our insights and are driving data driven decisions around strategic pricing and sourcing, which has nicely contributed to margin expansion performance. We've also improved our inventory visibility and are taking action to ensure the right part is in the right place at the right time. We will continue to invest in these capabilities as we move forward. For the full year our U.S. Automotive business grew sales by approximately 11% with comparable sales growth of approximately 8%. We're extremely pleased with the share gains and record results in 2022. In Canada sales grew approximately 14% in local currency during the fourth quarter, with comparable sales growth of approximately 12%. The results in Canada continue to reflect solid industry fundamentals, strong team execution and market share gains. Our field oriented data analytics to assess and prioritize market customer and network opportunities has delivered returns. In partnership with global teams, the Canadian business also made progress with next drive powered by NAPA, our leading offering that positions repair shops to service hybrid and electric vehicles. In a short period of time, the program has certified over 50 EV technicians, part specialists and service advisors, with plans to have 100 certified service centers and nearly 400 trained part specialists over the next few years.  For the year, our Canadian business grew sales approximately 15% in local currency, with comparable sales growth of approximately 13%. In Europe, our automotive team delivered another exceptional quarter, with total sales increasing approximately 22% in local currency and comparable sales growth of approximately 10%. For the year our European team delivered sales growth of 19% with comparable sales growth of approximately 8%. The strong growth in Europe continues to be driven by solid execution and coordinated teamwork across Europe. As examples, during 2022 our European team won business with numerous key customer accounts and continue to gain market share with the rollout of our differentiated NAPA offering across the region.  Sales of NAPA product in Europe reached nearly €300 million, an annual increase of over 50% from the prior year and now positively contribute to profitability. The impressive growth is a testament to the global strength of the NAPA brand. The next drive rollout is also strong in Europe with approximately 150 certified workshops across 7 countries. In addition, our European bolt-on acquisition efforts continue to create value and expand and add density to our market footprint. Despite a challenging environment, the performance over the last few years has been strong in Europe and the momentum has continued to start 2023. In the Asia Pac automotive business, sales in the fourth quarter increased approximately 10% in local currency from the same period in the prior year with comparable sales growth of approximately 7%. For the year, our Australian team delivered sales growth of 12% and comparable sales growth of approximately 9%. Both commercial and retail sales continued to perform well with Repco, NAPA and our motorcycle accessories division delivering profitable growth and share gains. The team continued its impressive performance in 2022 with a 3-year sales stack of more than 30%. Repco's 100-year anniversary in 2022 marked an amazing achievement for this team, and it was only fitting that the team delivered another outstanding year. Turning to the Global Industrial segment. During the fourth quarter, total sales at Motion were $2.1 billion, an increase of approximately $478 million or 29.6%. The sales cadence was consistently strong throughout the quarter with average daily sales growth at or above 30% for all three months of the quarter. Comparable sales growth, which excludes the benefit of KDG, increased approximately 17% in the fourth quarter versus last year. This marks our seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit comparable sales growth.  As a reminder, we completed the acquisition of KDG in the first quarter of 2022. As a result, going forward, KDG sales growth will be included in comparable sales growth. The strong sales growth at Motion during the quarter was broad-based with double-digit growth across nearly all product categories and major industries served with particular strength coming from industries such as automotive, oil and gas, food products and aggregate and cement.  For the year, sales at Motion were $8.4 billion, an increase of $2.1 billion or 33.2%. Industrial segment profit in the fourth quarter was $230 million or 11% of sales, representing a 150 basis point increase from the same period last year. The profit improvement at Motion is a result of strong and disciplined sales growth and operating performance, including the KDG synergy realization. For the year, Global Industrial segment profit was approximately $887 million, and segment operating margin was a record 10.5%, an increase of 110 basis points from 2021 and up 240 basis points from 2019.  In 2022, the Industrial segment now represents over 40% of GPC total profit, up 8 percentage points since 2021. For the fourth quarter inflation in the Industrial segment held in the low single-digit range consistent with the levels we've seen throughout the year. The strong financial performance at Motion is a direct result of their customer and sales intensity, focused strategic initiatives and operating rigor.  During the year, we enhanced our selling capabilities by further leveraging data and technology and continue to expand our value-added solutions offering for our customers. These solutions include products and services in categories like automation, conveyance, fluid power and repair. These categories now collectively represent approximately $1 billion in annual revenue promotion.  In addition, our strategic initiatives around pricing, category management and supply chain are driving increased productivity and profitability, which is reflected in the strong margin expansion delivered in 2022. As we execute on our organic global growth initiatives, we continue to complement them with strategic acquisitions to capture share in our fragmented markets and create shareholder value. During the fourth quarter, we completed several bolt-on acquisitions primarily consisting of small automotive store groups that increased local market density in existing geographies. We also continue to make progress in integrating our strategic acquisition of KDG with Motion. When we announced this acquisition in January of 2022, we communicated a plan for approximately $50 million in annual run rate synergies to be achieved over a 3-year period. We're pleased to report that thanks to the incredible teamwork for many, Motion realized over $30 million in synergies in just the first year with more expected in 2023 and 2024.  Our acquisition pipeline is active, and we will remain disciplined to pursue transactions that advance our strategy, deliver profitable growth and create long-term value. In summary, our team delivered an exceptional fourth quarter and record year for Genuine Parts Company. All our business units and geographies exceeded internal expectations, driven by supportive industry fundamentals and the focused execution of our key strategic initiatives. We're excited to build on our momentum, and we look forward to another great year in 2023. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. We are very proud of our teams and our outstanding performance, and I'm pleased to share the key highlights of our fourth quarter and full year results. My comments this morning focused primarily on quarterly and full year adjusted results, which exclude nonrecurring items that I'll cover in more detail shortly.  Total GPC sales were up 15% or $720 million to $5.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase reflects an 11.1% improvement in comparable sales, including mid-single-digit levels of inflation and an 8% contribution from acquisitions. These items were partially offset by a 4.2% unfavorable impact of foreign currency, which was essentially in line with our assumption for the quarter.  Sales for the full year were $22.1 billion, up 17.1% from 2021. As we continue to invest in organic and acquisitive growth initiatives for both of our segments, it was encouraging to see our core business combined with acquisitions, including KDG, which added more than $1 billion in revenues for 2022 drive strong sales throughout the year.  Our gross margin expanded approximately 50 basis points in the fourth quarter to 35.7%, primarily driven by ongoing investments in our pricing and sourcing initiatives that Will mentioned. These initiatives, along with others, contributed approximately 160 basis points of core gross margin improvement. These gains were partially offset by a few key factors: first, moderating year-over-year supplier incentives pressured gross margin by approximately 30 basis points; second, a shift in the mix of our sales based on the strength of our industrial business impacted gross margin by approximately 30 basis points; finally, foreign currency and inflation impacted gross margin by approximately 50 basis points.  With a strong fourth quarter, gross margin for the full year was 35.1%, slightly above our expectations and essentially in line with the prior year. Our performance on gross margin reflects an excellent job by our team, executing our strategies given the very dynamic market challenges. Our total operating and non-operating expenses in the fourth quarter, excluding adjustments, were approximately $1.6 billion, up 16.6% from 2021 and a 28.7% of sales compared to 28.3% of sales in the prior year. Our expenses were up in the quarter, primarily due to inflation-driven increases in freight costs and overall investments in IT initiatives across our business units.  For the year, total expenses were $6.2 billion, up 16.2% at a 27.9% of sales, a 20 basis point improvement from 2021. Despite ongoing cost pressures in the fourth quarter, we continue to drive leverage on strong core sales growth across our businesses and execute on our initiatives to produce operational efficiencies.  Segment profit in the fourth quarter was $526 million, up 25%, and our segment profit margin was 9.5%, an impressive 80 basis point increase from the same period in 2021. For the full year, segment profit was $2.1 billion, up 25% on a 17% sales increase. Our segment profit margin was 9.4%, a 60 basis point improvement from the prior year and up 160 basis points from 2019, which we believe demonstrates our transformation to an even stronger company and our ability to consistently perform through dynamic economic conditions.  As outlined in our earnings release, our fourth quarter results include three adjustments. The first item relates to a $29 million adjustment to remeasure our product liability reserve. Secondly, we incurred approximately $13 million of costs related to the acquisition and integration of KDG. The third item relates to an $11 million loss on the divestiture of our remaining minority interest investment in S.P. Richards, which was finalized in the fourth quarter.  For the full year, our non-recurring items include these fourth quarter adjustments as well as the 12-month impact of costs related to KDG and a gain on the sale of certain real estate recorded in the second quarter. Our fourth quarter adjusted net income, which excludes $40 million or $0.28 per diluted share in nonrecurring items I just discussed, was $292 million or $2.05 per diluted share. This compares to adjusted net income of $256 million or $1.79 per diluted share in 2021, an increase of 15%.  For the full year, adjusted net income was $1.2 billion or $8.34 per diluted share, an increase of 21% from 2021. Reported net income was $1.2 billion or $8.31 per diluted share. The continued execution of our initiatives allowed us to deliver back-to-back double-digit adjusted EPS growth in 2022 and 2021. With strong earnings growth and improved working capital, we generated $222 million in cash from operations in the fourth quarter and $1.5 billion for the full year, a 17% increase from 2021. Free cash flow was $1.1 billion, up 14% from 2021, and we closed the fourth quarter and year with $2.2 billion in available liquidity.  Our debt to adjusted EBITDA is 1.7 times, which compares to our targeted range of 2 to 2.5 times and highlights our financial strength and flexibility. Our strong performance has allowed us to stay focused on four key priorities for capital allocation, including the reinvestment in our business through capital expenditures and M&A and the return of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  For the year, we invested $340 million in capital expenditures, including $96 million in the fourth quarter, primarily in technology and other projects to further automate and consolidate our distribution networks and drive productivity. We also invested $3 billion investment in KDG and returned $719 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $496 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and $223 million in cash used to repurchase 1.6 million shares. Our continued strong cash flow generation provides us the ability to manage our capital allocation through all business cycles. Turning to our outlook for 2023. We expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $8.80 to $8.95, which represents an increase of 6% to 7% from adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2022. Our outlook for earnings growth is driven by our expectations for continuous sales growth and another year of margin expansion.  We expect total sales growth for 2023 to be in the range of 4% to 6%. As we look at the business segments, we are guiding to the following: 4% to 6% total sales growth for the Automotive segment with comparable sales growth also in the 4% to 6% range. For the Industrial segment, we are expecting total sales growth of 4% to 6%, also with a 4% to 6% increase in comparable sales. We would add that our outlook for Industrial assumes a much stronger first half relative to the third and fourth quarters of 2023. Turning to a few other items of interest. We will continue to drive growth through the reinvestment in our business and M&A. We currently expect CapEx to be in the range of $375 million to $400 million in 2023, reflecting incremental opportunities in technology and supply chain, among others. We also continue to have a healthy pipeline of acquisition targets, and we'll continue to seek additional bolt-on acquisitions wherever they create value for us.  In 2023, we will continue to return capital to our shareholders through dividend and share repurchases. Earlier this week, our Board approved a $3.80 per share annual dividend for 2023, representing our 67th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. This represents a 6% increase from the $3.58 per share paid in 2022 and is above our 20-year average increase of 5.8%.  Our total shareholder return performance of approximately 27% in 2022 placed GPC in the top 10% of the S&P 500. Taken together, we delivered sales growth of 17% and adjusted EPS growth of 21%, so a tremendous year in 2022. Our teams worked hard for these achievements, and we enter 2023 with strong momentum and are well positioned to continue to take share and deliver through an uncertain macro environment. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we move through the year. In closing, as both Paul and Will have mentioned, we look forward to hosting our Investor Day on March 23. We are excited to provide further insights on key growth initiatives, and long-term financial targets and are confident you will find the day informative and productive. We'd love to see you here in Atlanta. Thank you, and we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will be from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Can you share some more thoughts on -- in terms of the cadence of the year? I know you talked about the first half being stronger on the industrial side from a comp perspective. I was curious, if you did add KDG into the 4Q comp base, like how accretive would that be? Or how accretive is KDG entering the comp base in 2023? And then on the margin front, do you expect margin expansion both segments in 2023?
Bert Nappier: Thanks, Chris. It's Bert. I'll take that one. I think in terms of the cadence of the year and maybe I'll just pull it up a level and talk about the guidance in general, sure you can appreciate the forecasting environment has its challenges right now, particularly with the mixed macro signals. We're very comfortable with our outlook, 4% to 6% top line, driving EPS up 6% to 7%, and in our range of $8.80 to $8.95. And we do expect margin expansion. That will come from both segments.  We see industrial having a little bit more upside on margin expansion in the auto business, but we'll see nice improvement on both. When we looked at our guidance and talking about the cadence, we really try to be as thoughtful as we can in this environment. We've got solid industry fundamentals for both businesses. We have really good momentum in both businesses coming out of 2022, but we've had two exceptional years. And I think we're in an environment where we all expect, not only GPC, but others growth to moderate a bit and normalize. And I think that's still good, and I think what we're doing this year and what we're forecasting for 2023 is a good outcome.  There are headwinds, and we're staying very prudent with our eyes wide open on the key factors that are out there to watch. We can't ignore that there's recessionary pressure and inflation in the geopolitical landscape around the world are all things we're watching. As we look at the year, we really kind of broke it into two halves. The automotive grows consistently across the quarters. So I think the cadence will stay pretty nice across the year and a few halves are 4 to 6 in both halves.  On the industrial, we're a little stronger in the first half, more high single-digit outlook for the first half for industrial and on the second half, more low single digit. And that's really just some of the uncertainty on that side of the business with some decelerating PMI numbers and things like that. So that's what we can see right now, a little stronger view into the first half and a little less clarity on the second half. And we think that lines up nicely for the full year. Again, KDG has been accretive to the business for the full year. I think you saw in our release and our commentary that we had a nice synergy benefit from KDG, and we'll continue to get good synergy benefits as we look into 2023. So we like that acquisition. It's been a tremendous expansion of capability for the Motion business, and our team at Motion has done an absolutely brilliant job of integrating and executing that acquisition.  So all that taken together, I think we feel really good about where we are. We're very bullish on GPC, and our size, scale and momentum across both segments position us to be successful. And we're going to watch the landscape and continue to stay ready for what comes at us as the macro environment continues to move.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And my follow-up question is on the Motion side. You have a number of different end markets that you pursue, and I know there's some weakness in some of the consumer areas out there on the durable side and you have some of your peers talking about that weakness. So can you help us understand, one, are you seeing any indications of weakness within Motion? And two, how is your mix sort of split out at a more higher level, the capital goods versus sort of consumer discretionary items versus more commodity and sort of ag type businesses?
Will Stengel: Yes, Chris, it's Will. Let me see if I can add some color to that. So as we commented in the prepared remarks, we really do continue to see very broad-based strength across our end markets to give you some perspective. I mean we have, call it, 15 different industries that we would describe as our top industries. The range of performance for the fourth quarter and the industries range from high single digits to over 35%.  So -- and then I think we said in our comments through the quarter, the 30% per month comp where growth rate was pretty consistent as well. So it's consistent and broad. This is a B2B business. So it is quite industrial and less consumer-oriented. There are a couple categories or industries here that perhaps you could extend to a broader consumer dynamic, lumber and wood be one, things around the construction industries. Those, if we had to point out one area of weakness to start the year, we saw some relative weakness there. I don't know if that's residential, commercial, real estate markets changing on us. But again, generally, it's a very industrial, non-consumer oriented B2B type of business that's very well diversified.
Paul Donahue: Yes. And Chris, I would just add. I think as you look at our more traditional end markets, food products, iron and steel, aggregate, automotive, all up well into the double digits in Q4. So as both Will and Bert had said, we remain incredibly bullish about our industrial business. I'm pleased to say, we're seeing double-digit growth right out of the blocks here in Q1. So yes, we're going to -- we're just going to keep on pressing forward. And look, there's a lot of reasons to be optimistic about the future. You've got manufacturing returning to the U.S., a lot of onshoring, reshoring. You've got a lot of investments in semiconductors, energy, battery storage, mining, all of which play to our strength.
Christopher Horvers: That’s very helpful. Thanks very much. 
Operator: The next question is from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Kate McShane: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And thanks for taking our questions. I just had two questions. One with regards to operating expenses and some of your commentary around CapEx. I just wondered with regards to operating expenses in '23, what you're anticipating for freight and investments in IT? And how that will look in '23 versus '22? And if there are some examples of the ongoing tech investment in the CapEx spend that was noted today?
Will Stengel: Thanks, Kate. Appreciate the question and give you some color on '23 as we're looking at OpEx and CapEx side. On the OpEx, we are expecting a little bit of deleverage next year. We're going to invest in the cycle here, really focused on the long term on tech and talent. I know you asked about freight. We will see a little pressure there in inflationary pressure like we saw in the fourth quarter on freight, but we expect that to abate as we get into the second half of the year.  But back on our two big investments for next year, tech and talent, it's a competitive marketplace out there, and we're thinking about the long term. So on the talent side, we're making some smart investments in the business with our teams. We'll see a mid-single-digit wage increase this year a tiny bit higher than 2022, and we're going to absorb some costs, particularly on the health care side. Health care inflation is pretty prolific, and we're going to absorb some of that cost at corporate.  So we think those are the right investments for our team. The impact of 2023 of that basket of activities is about 30 basis points of deleverage on SG&A. And on the IT side, we're making investments that we need to make in the business to improve our capabilities, and this is really about modernizing our platforms. These are investments in data analytics, AI and new systems and some of those are pivoting to cloud-based systems, and those costs can't be capitalized.  So we feel good about those investments and what they do for our business. It allows us to go faster. And those investments we think driving leverage -- will be driving leverage outside of those investments and focus on efficiencies. So if you take those out, we'd be levering the business. The IT investment is about 30 basis points as well and our guide reflects all of this. And so we feel good about that as well. On capital, we'll see a little bit of an increase in capital next year, not outsized increase at the low end of our range, 10%. Again, we're very energized about where we're focused on the business in terms of opportunities for automation and modernization of DCs in the supply chain, and again, on IT. There's IT as platform investments and things that we want to do that we see benefit in. Many of those projects on the supply chain allow us to consolidate and close old DCs, and you can imagine that's kind of big benefit. And so taken all together, we think these are the right things to do for next year. We're still expecting margin expansion and a topline guide of 6% to 7%. So we think all of that together makes the right sense for where we are.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Greg Melich: Thanks. Just wanted to clarify that last question, and then I had a follow-up on inflation demand. The 30 and the 30 bps or 60 bps of OpEx headwind, presumably that's offset by more than 60 bps of gross margin expansion, and what’s driving that?
Bert Nappier: Yes. So on the margin side, we're going to carry the momentum that we had in the fourth quarter. Our teams are doing absolutely reliant job of executing our core strategies on pricing and sourcing capabilities. I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about a 160 basis point increase in the fourth quarter just from the execution of category management, pricing and sourcing activities, that's going to continue. We expect that to continue into 2023, and so that success is what we have in our forecast.  We're looking for gross margins to be up in the range of 20 to 40 basis points for 2023. We don't really see a lot of headwind there. Anything in terms of what we're looking at from FX or inflation or any of that, it's pretty negligible at this point. So we're bullish on our execution of our gross margin activities and that helps us expand margin overall.  The SG&A impact on those two investment side are offset by other efficiencies. So when you look at the full year, we expect deleverage of 30 to 40 basis points in total. I gave you 60 basis points of deleverage, and so you'll see that we're making some ground up in driving leverage outside of those two investment categories where we can be more efficient and smarter in the business.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then my question on top line isn't -- inflation last year, I think in the Paul what you said it was mid-single to high single, so let's call it 6% or 7% in auto and low singles in industrial. What's in your assumption this year when you did your 4% to 6% guide for each business?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So inflation, just to kind of talk about it trend-wise, our view is that it moderated in the fourth quarter. It ticked down slightly from Q3, and that monetary policy in the U.S. is working. It's having an effect around the world, but it does take some time all about the flow through supply chain and through the businesses. So as you said, Q4 and FY '22 inflation levels overall were mid-single digits. High single digits in auto and low single digits in industrial.  And as we look to '23, we expect for it to continue to moderate for the full year. We think monetary policy works and will work. We were at a peak of 9.1% in June. We had 7 straight months of easing. And when we look at that, the way we kind of thought about our forecast for the full year is that the full year would be at a low single-digit all up, remaining at low single digits for industrial and low single digit for auto.  That obviously ticks down across the course of the year. So we step down Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 as monetary policy continues to have an impact. Again, it's a little bit of a wildcard, and we have to make an assumption when we give our guide, which is what we've done. So we'll still be watching the effect of monetary policy and other actions, but that's our assumption based. Q1, just to be specific, we'll tick down from where we are to mid-single digit, I think, for auto. Industrial stays at low single digit and all up mid-single digits in Q1.
Greg Melich: That's perfect. And then last, just DIY and do-it-for-me. Do-it-for-me still outpacing DIY by about 1,000 basis points. Is that the trend you're expecting this year to continue? Or are we seen enough recovery in fleet and other that maybe those start to narrow?
Will Stengel: I think they start to narrow, and so we would expect the DIY business. We're seeing some good strength in our DIY business, in particular, our accessories, which is a small part of the business, but it continues to grow really nicely even on tougher comps. So we would expect the gap to narrow as we go through 2023.
Greg Melich: Congrats guys on a good year. And good luck.
Operator: The next question is from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Please go ahead. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Scot Ciccarelli. First question is, you have made a couple of comments on the gross margin benefits you've been able to accrue from pricing. Is that both in auto and industrial? And then if at least some of it is in auto, could some of those price increases create some competitive challenges down the road since some of your other major competitors have made selective price investments over the last 1.5 years to 2 years?
Will Stengel: Yes, Scot, it's Will. I'll take a cut at this. We're seeing great pricing work happening on both sides of the business, and in particular, in U.S. automotive. I would say, they're one of the most dynamic teams in terms of the things that they're doing around pricing. We've been at this now for 12 to 18 months in a pretty robust way, both in terms of the technology that we're using, the data, working with a third party, et cetera.  And we are actively thinking through the right way to execute pricing strategies relative to the market. That's really at the core of the work that we're doing. So we feel good about what we're doing. We study it daily. It's at the SKU level. We go into different markets, and we've got really nice visibility to react accordingly with dashboards and weekly updates as a team to make sure that what we're doing is beneficial for our customers and our business. So it's definitely something that we're hyper focused on.
Paul Donahue: And Scot, I would just add to that, that we're -- despite what you may be hearing in the marketplace, the pricing environment overall as it generally has been in automotive is rational, we're not seeing any huge swings one way or the other. And as you well know, having the product on the shelf and available when the customer needs it is still the primary driver and not necessarily price.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on the industrial side. I mean the comp performance of the industrial piece segment rather has continued to significantly outpace the indexes. It's historically tracked really over the last, call it, 15 to 18 months. And Paul, I think you've mentioned, some of it is kind of the changing business mix that you previously highlighted. Are there other factors we should be thinking about to kind of explain the divergence from, let's call it, historical trend that we've seen?
Paul Donahue: I don't think so, Scot. I know you and I talked about it on the last call. Look, we're not totally insulated from the effects of a downturn in PMI or industrial production. But I would tell you, we are a whole lot more confident today given the diversity of our product and our service offering, the end markets we're servicing, things like EV manufacturing plant.  I mentioned earlier, the opportunity with onshore, nearshore and manufacturing coming back to the U.S. So all of that bodes very well for Motion. And we've evolved, I guess, Scot -- my time here, we've evolved from being a -- basically a distributor of bearings and industrial supplies to a really world-class industrial solutions provider, one who provides solutions in automation, robotics, conveyance, hydraulics, fluid power. So look, we're not totally immune to what's happening in manufacturing, but I like our business, I like our team and I like our chances. And again, we're off to another really good start here in Q1.
Will Stengel: Scot, I might just add one other thought, which is the momentum that's behind the KDG and the Motion combination. We get very active and positive feedback from customers on kind of the breadth and depth of the service offering, the value-add services. And I think that's really extended the leadership position of the combined business over the last 12 months.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thanks. Very helpful guys. 
Operator: And the next question is from Liz Suzuki from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Liz Suzuki: Thank you. I was hoping you could just comment a little bit about your leverage ratio, which is a bit below target. Are you kind of holding on to some dry powder so that if attractive acquisitions or buyback opportunities come up, you could act on that opportunity without taking on high rate debt? Or is there some hesitancy maybe about the economic outlook that's keeping you more conservative on leverage?
Paul Donahue: Liz, you're exactly right. We're being a little conservative here. We're holding some dry powder. Look, we are at 1.7 times, well below our stated range of 2 to 2.5 times. And we like that position. We think that it's really smart right now in this environment. We'll look for opportunistic things across the board whether it's CapEx or M&A. And so we really do think that we've been able to work that down post KDG acquisition right after we bought KDG earlier in the year, we were closer to 2.  So I think nice performance to work it back down. And look across the landscape or whatever we might see come up. So nothing pressing or imminent, but we just like the financial flexibility that we have with our current cash balance, our total liquidity and being very disciplined across our capital allocation structure.
Liz Suzuki: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question is from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys. On the NAPA private label program in Europe, you said, I think, what, €300 million you're doing. Could you talk about sort of what inning you are in and penetrating there? I mean how many segments that you think you're going to run private label versus how many you're doing or what the potential market is?
Will Stengel: Yes, Bret, let me take a pass at that. We're in the very early innings Obviously, the last 12 to 18 months has delivered really strong momentum. We're excited about that. We fully expect to continue to do that. We're in, call it, 10 to 15 categories. We've got opportunities to do more than that. Within the categories that we actually offer that doesn't necessarily mean they're in each one of our local markets. So even if we just stayed in our 10 to 15 primary categories, we'd have a great opportunity to continue to push that product. But we're excited about this and believe that it can be close to 20% of the revenue over the next 2 to 3 years.
Paul Donahue: Bret, I know we got into this discussion last time we were together. And so I would tell you, I think we're at about the bottom of the third, Bret, in terms of our process here in private label. It's going extremely well. All the countries have jumped on board, and we haven't even rolled it out yet to the new markets we entered last year, Spain and Portugal. So yes, we're excited, and I know the team is excited. And the best part is, our customers and the consumers are buying the product, and they love the product.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then on the U.S. acquisition, you're talking about folding in some store acquisitions. Could you talk about what you're looking at there? Are these NAPA-independents? Are these other independents in other buying groups, and I guess, sort of which regions are these, more urban company-owned store markets you're looking at? Sort of what's the strategy on increasing this company-owned store base?
Will Stengel: It's a great question. The short answer is, it's always the above on the store base. So a lot of thought has gone into the markets in which we want to add relative density. And so depending on the best way to do that, we'll consider either working with an independent owner or if it's another competitive store group, we'll consider that. But as you alluded to, it's strategic markets, adding that density, making sure that we've got the ability to cover customers well with the right inventory mix, and it's a very attractive ROIC lever for us as we bring a lot of value to those merged entities after we own.
Bret Jordan: Are there any particular regions you're looking at? Or is this sort of national?
Will Stengel: It's a national approach. We're doing it. It's the same M&A strategy, quite frankly, globally for our automotive business. We do the same work in Canada, and we did the same work in Europe as we do here in the U.S.
Bret Jordan: If you were to roll that forward, if you're sort of thinking out three to five years, is it a meaningful change in company-owned store mix versus independent?
Will Stengel: It has the potential to be. It will take some time just given the law of numbers, but that is a lever that we have to change that mix, for sure.
Operator: And the next question is from Daniel Imbro from Stephens Inc. Please go ahead. 
Joe Enderlin: This is Joe Enderlin on for Daniel. Looking at the industrial space, I think you noted reshoring as a tailwind in the prepared remarks and previous questions. Could you maybe provide some more thoughts on how you expect this to impact profitability or how you're thinking about the effects of reshoring?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So thanks for the question, Joe. And look, it's a reality, and there's a number of reports that we've all reviewed of late commenting on the number of CEOs that are considering and have begun considering bringing manufacturing back here, not only the U.S., but across North America. And certainly, Mexico would be a part of that where we have a strong presence with the Motion business.  So look, it's a positive. It's more long -- it's certainly more long range. It's not going to -- certainly not going to happen overnight. But again, I think as these companies do return to North America, automation is going to play a significant role given some of the labor challenges and labor shortages. So automation in these operations is going to be significant, and again, we are extremely well positioned as it relates to our automation and robotics offerings.
Joe Enderlin: That's helpful. Thank you. As a follow-up, you noted you realized there were $30 million of synergies from the KDG acquisition with more expected in '23 and '24. Just to clarify, were these mainly revenue or cost synergies? And then what are the primary drivers here? And then do you maybe think there might be any upside to the $50 million goal?
Will Stengel: Yes. The synergies are in both buckets. So we have net sales synergies as well as cost synergies. So they interplay together. We do think there's some upside as we move forward. The business has really nice momentum. We committed to $50 million when we originally announced the transaction by year three. We're in a position to deliver $50 million by the end of year two. So with $30 million realized through year 1, an incremental $20 million in year 2. And I'm confident that the team will execute well and deliver on that commitment and potentially more.
Joe Enderlin: That’s all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question and that question is from Seth Basham from Wedbush. Please go ahead. 
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot for squeezing me in. Nice quarter. I have a couple of questions about the core U.S. NAPA business. First, regarding the fourth quarter results, you mentioned strength finished the quarter. I presume weather helped. I'm wondering if you can quantify how much weather was a help, and how you're thinking about weather for the first quarter and 2023.
Will Stengel: Yes, Seth, I would -- its Will. I would say that weather might have helped slightly, but not material to close the year. As we look forward, it's currently 80 degrees here in Atlanta. There's a couple of feet of snow in different parts of the country. It's hard to predict. I would tell you, January feels like -- certainly, in our North American market, it's been a mild winter that had some implications for some of our product categories, but I'm confident the team is going to work through that. We can't control it. So we're going to focus on what we can control and make sure that we're taking care of our customers and our teammates safely.
Seth Basham: Fair enough. And then as you're thinking about the U.S. NAPA sales growth in comps in 2023, is that within the same 4% to 6% range that you're expecting for the global business?
Bert Nappier: Yes, Seth, this is Bert. That's right. We're thinking about that total automotive segment out of 4% to 6%. And within that, we would be in the same range for the U.S. business.
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. And then lastly, in terms of the miles driven outlook, how are you thinking about miles driven and obviously, a key driver of U.S. NAPA of sales?
Paul Donahue: Well, I would tackle that, Seth. We're hoping to see a little bit of a lift, which we did see in the latter part of the year as fuel prices started to abate a bit here in the U.S. So I still think there's a bit of a reluctance for mass transit, not to mention air travel and air fares are at all-time high. So I think that a 1% lift would not be out of the realm of possibility. So we think it will be a tailwind in '23, for sure.
Seth Basham: Wonderful. Thank you very much for your answers. And good luck.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Chad. We appreciate it. Appreciate all the questions and everyone joining us this morning. As you've heard, we're incredibly pleased with the reported record year for GPC, and we could not be prouder of the great work done by all of our teammates around the world. We continue to be excited with the momentum this business continues to generate, and I would just conclude by saying, the future is very, very bright for GPC. So I hope you all have a great day wherever you are, and hope to see you at our Investor Day meeting here in March. All the best.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call will be recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President; and Bert Nappier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, today’s conference call and webcast includes slide presentation that can be found on the Investors page of the Genuine Parts Company website. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which maybe referred to during today’s discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted on the Investor page of our website. Today’s call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings, including this morning’s press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. Now I will turn it over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Before diving into the details of the quarter, we want to say that our hearts go out to our teammates, suppliers, customers and all those affected by the devastating impact of Hurricane Ian in late September. GPC is committed to providing care and support through our GPC Relief Fund and our partners at the American Red Cross. So now turning to the quarter. We are pleased with the continued strength of our results for 2022 and we are proud of the great work by all of our 53,000 GPC teammates who are at the core of our success. Our team delivered record results with double-digit sales and earnings growth driven by the execution of effective strategies and continued resilience of our automotive and industrial businesses. Let’s review several of our Q3 highlights. Total sales of $5.7 billion, up 18% and adjusted earnings per share of $2.23, up 19% from last year. Record quarterly sales for the automotive and industrial segments and our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth. Operating margin expansion in both segments and for GPC overall, record quarterly earnings and our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth. The ongoing integration of KDG, which continues to create significant value. And finally, continued strong cash flow generation and the further strengthening of our balance sheet. Our teams are executing on key strategic initiatives to deliver market share gains and drive ongoing momentum in our top and bottom line results. We remain agile in navigating a dynamic operating environment created by inflation and economic conditions, the geopolitical landscape and supply chain challenges. We continue to benefit from the competitive advantages of our size and scale and we remain focused on advancing our technology to optimize inventory availability, enhance network productivity and maximize the effectiveness of our pricing strategies. We are making significant progress in our operations through our efforts in all these areas as evident in the expansion of operating margins again in the third quarter. Our automotive and industrial businesses continue to take advantage of several industry tailwinds. In automotive, the increase in year-to-date miles driven and aging car park, limited new car inventory and elevated used car prices are all supportive of healthy demand in the aftermarket. In industrial, the manufacture and economy remains expansionary with PMI holding at greater than 50%, while industrial production just had its ninth straight quarter of growth, up 2.9% year-over-year. Our teams continue to operate well in a challenging environment. And as we wind down the year, we remain focused on driving our strategic initiatives across all of our global operations. This past quarter, we spent considerable time in the field visiting stores and branches, meeting with many of our strategic suppliers and customers and we came away encouraged by the general outlook for continued growth in the automotive aftermarket and industrial space. In addition, during the quarter, our global leadership team met to review our near-term initiatives and collaborate on our long-term strategic roadmap. Our teams are well aligned and we are confident in our strategic plans to deliver long-term sales and earnings growth and margin expansion. Our strong cash flow generation and exceptional balance sheet position GPC with the financial strength and flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities via investments in both organic and acquisitive growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. So before I pass the call over to Will, we would like to highlight our 2022 Sustainability Report, which we published earlier this month. The new report advances GPC’s long-term sustainability strategy and expands our reporting and disclosure to reflect the extent of our global operations. We do this through a focus on three key areas, including improving diversity, equity and inclusion, reducing carbon emissions and enhancing ESG governance. Two highlights from the report include: the completion of our 2022 employee engagement survey, where we had significant participation across our global teams and received an 80% global engagement score. And secondly, the calculation and disclosure of our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions and plans for greenhouse gas reduction programs across our global operations. We believe that our 2022 sustainability report illustrates GPC’s strong ESG strategy and a way forward that underscores our commitment to keeping the world moving. We encourage you to visit the sustainability page on our website for more information on our progress in this important area. So again, we thank each of our GPC teammates for taking great care of our customers and delivering on another great quarter of record results. So now, I will turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I also would like to thank the global GPC teams as well as our supplier partners for their ongoing commitment to serving our customers. We appreciate the collective focus and hard work to deliver great results around the world. During the third quarter, we continued to deliver strong results across both our automotive and industrial businesses. Our results were driven by solid team execution and disciplined focus on strategic initiatives, which are aligned around our five foundational priorities, talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain and emerging technology. Turning to the performance by segment, total sales for Global Automotive were $3.5 billion in the third quarter, an increase of approximately $285 million or 8.9% versus the same period last year. Our sales performance was relatively consistent in all 3 months of the quarter, and on a comparable basis, sales growth for the quarter increased 9.2%. Our global teams delivered mid single-digit to mid-teens comp growth across each of our operations. And as Paul mentioned, the automotive segment continues to be driven by solid industry fundamentals and strong team execution. Global Automotive segment profit was $309 million, and segment operating margin was 8.9%, an increase of 10 basis points versus the same period last year. This performance reflects strong sales growth and operating expense leverage. During the third quarter, our automotive business experienced high single-digit levels of inflation, relatively consistent with the levels we saw in the second quarter. The pricing environment remains rational, and we’re pleased with the ongoing positive impact of our strategic category management initiatives. We expect sales inflation in the fourth quarter to be largely consistent with the third quarter. Now let’s turn to an overview of our automotive businesses by geography. In the U.S., automotive sales grew approximately 11% during the quarter, with comparable sales growth of approximately 8%. Sales were solid across each U.S. region and broadly across product categories with brakes, filters, fluids and batteries all posting double-digit increases in the quarter. We continue to be pleased with market share growth within the majority of our categories. Sales to both commercial and retail customers were positive with low double-digit commercial growth outpacing retail, which had low to mid-single-digit growth. Our commercial business saw broad-based strength across all customer segments. Digital channels across all customers also performed well with high single-digit sales growth during the third quarter, reflecting continued traction from investments in our omnichannel experience. U.S. automotive initiatives are advancing well with continued progress in talent, technology investments, customer segmentation, analytics, pricing capabilities and emerging tech. During the quarter, the U.S. Automotive team formally realigned team resources to establish a centralized project management office to coordinate and drive the impact of its business initiative portfolio. As an example of emerging tech efforts, the U.S. Automotive team hosted its first ever EV Day in Atlanta, which included teammates and representatives from various strategic emerging tech partners. We use this opportunity to update internal teammates and collaborate with our electric vehicle and emerging technology suppliers. In addition, as another example of our emerging tech focus, Motion recently established a new electric vehicle battery customer segment based on increasing opportunities presented by the build-out of new battery manufacturing facilities across North America. We continue to build momentum with our EV efforts as we leverage our global footprint business mix and scale to extend our emerging tech leadership position. In Canada, sales grew approximately 15% in local currency during the third quarter with comparable sales growth of 13%. The strong results in Canada are reflective of solid industry fundamentals, team execution and market share gains. As examples of sales effectiveness and data and technology initiatives, Canada continues to improve the customer experience and simplify its business processes with advanced analytics and business intelligence tools. This micro market visibility has increased wallet share and identified growth opportunities as the team executes both organic and inorganic growth initiatives. In Europe, our automotive team delivered another strong quarter with total sales increasing approximately 20% in local currency and comparable sales up 7%. Growth in Europe is a result of the continued focus on its strategic initiatives, including growth with key customer accounts, the rollout of the NAPA brand across the region and investments in our people, technology and supply chain capabilities. In addition, our bolt-on acquisition efforts continue to create value and add to our local market coverage. Our recent acquisitions in Germany, Spain and Portugal are tracking well with integration plans and the performance and synergy capture has exceeded our internal expectations. Overall, we believe our European strategies have resulted in solid market share gains. In the Asia-Pac automotive business, sales in the third quarter increased approximately 16% in local currency from last year with comparable sales growth of 14%. Both commercial and retail sales performed well with Repco, NAPA and our motorcycle accessories division, all delivering strong profitable growth. Next month, our Australian and New Zealand team will celebrate Repco’s 100-year anniversary, which is a testament to the power of the brand, differentiated customer value proposition and Repco’s position as the leading automotive aftermarket business in the market. Congratulations to our teammates down under on achieving this incredible milestone. Turning to the Global Industrial segment, during the third quarter, total sales at Motion were $2.2 billion, an increase of approximately $570 million or 35.3%. The sales cadence was consistently strong throughout the quarter and comparable sales, which exclude the benefit of KDG, increased approximately 20% versus last year. This marks our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit comparable sales growth. The growth was consistent across almost all product categories and major industries serve with particular strength coming from industries such as food, chemicals, aggregate and cement, mining and oil and gas. Industrial segment profit was $243 million or 11.1% of sales representing an 80 basis point increase from the same period last year and a new record for the Industrial segment. The improvement is a result of Motion’s strong sales growth and disciplined operating performance, including the KDG synergy realization. For the third quarter, inflation in the industrial segment held in the low single-digit range, consistent with the levels we have seen throughout the year. Key initiatives contributing to the strong performance in the industrial business include sales programs to capture organic profitable share of wallet with target accounts, data-driven strategic pricing and sourcing programs, technology investments to enhance the omnichannel experience and continued ongoing inventory productivity and footprint optimization initiatives. As an example of footprint optimization efforts, Motion successfully executed its initial fulfillment center and branch optimization initiative in Florida, which is designed to improve the customer experience by offering next-day delivery for an order placed by 3:00 p.m. In addition to an improved customer experience, the strategy reduces duplicative inventory position, increases available product breadth and increases the efficiency and reduces the cost of our last mile delivery logistics. In addition, Motion opened two new strategically located facilities to grow its value-added automation services with existing and new customers. We are pleased with the initiative results and Motion will continue to methodically roll out these strategies nationwide over time. In addition, the integration of KDG continues to exceed our expectations. The teams are executing well-defined plans with customers, suppliers and teammates to deliver growth and create value as a combined organization. All major work streams are at or ahead of plan, including the colocation and merging of overlapping branches and we are excited for the continued growth opportunities at Motion. Lastly, during the quarter, we were pleased to formally open the GPC Global Technology Center based in Kraków, Poland. As part of our strategic investments in talent and technology, the center is designed to help accelerate our technology initiatives and capability building. The technology center will serve as an integrated extension of our existing global team and will focus on areas such as digital, supply chain, data platforms, pricing and cybersecurity as a few examples. With nearly 1 million people living in Cracow and approximately 200,000 students, Kraków is a global hub for next-generation tech balance. As we move forward, we’ll consider technology roles in Kraków to leverage our scale build capabilities and deliver faster path to value for global technology initiatives. As we execute our organic growth initiatives, we continue to complement them with strategic bolt-on acquisitions to capture share in our fragmented markets and create value. During the third quarter, we completed several bolt-on acquisitions primarily consisting of small automotive store groups that increased local market density in key geographies. The M&A pipeline continues to be active and we will remain disciplined to pursue transactions that advance our strategy, deliver profitable growth and create long-term value. In summary, our strong third quarter and year-to-date results are being driven by supportive industry fundamentals and our key strategic initiatives. While the macro environment remains dynamic, our teams will prioritize our customers as we analyze our market and performance indicators remain agile and strategically invest with discipline and initiatives that extend our global leadership position. With that, I will turn the call over to Bert Nappier.
Bert Nappier: Thank you Will and thanks to everyone for joining us today. As Paul and Will have shared, we are very pleased with our third quarter results. As I review the key highlights for the third quarter, our comments this morning focused primarily on our adjusted quarterly results, which excludes the non-recurring costs related to the integration of KDG. Total GPC sales were $5.7 billion in the third quarter, up $856 million or 17.8% from last year. Our increase in total sales reflects a 12.7% increase in comparable sales, including mid-single-digit levels of inflation, and a 9.1% contribution from acquisitions. These items were partially offset by a 4% unfavorable impact of foreign currency, in line with our assumptions. Hurricane Ian did not have a material impact on our third quarter financial results. Our gross margin was 34.9%, a 60 basis point decrease compared to the third quarter last year. Gross margin was negatively impacted by three key factors: first, moderating supplier incentives, which pressured gross margin by approximately 80 basis points. Second, foreign currency, which impacted gross margin by approximately 30 basis points. And finally, a shift in the mix of our sales based on the strength of our industrial segment, which impacted gross margin by approximately 35 basis points. These headwinds were partially offset by the positive impact of our data-driven pricing and sourcing programs where our teams continue to leverage our growing global scale. These actions and our expertise drove an 85 basis point favorable impact to gross margin in the third quarter. We currently expect our full year gross margin to be in line with our third quarter and 9-month rate. Our total operating and non-operating expenses excluding non-recurring items, were approximately $1.6 billion, up 15% from 2021 and at 27.5% of sales compared to 28% of sales the prior year. We continue to drive leverage across our businesses, and our teams remain focused on effective cost controls and executing our initiatives to produce operational efficiencies. With our strong performance, segment profit was $552 million, up 24%, and our segment profit margin was 9.7%, a 40 basis point increase from last year and up 170 basis points from 2019. We believe the multiyear improvement in our segment margin is the result of transformation to a stronger and more agile company. Our teams have taken actions to streamline our operations and optimize our portfolio of automotive and industrial segments. We have also enhanced our pricing and sourcing capabilities to ensure that we deliver profitable growth. In addition, we’ve generated significant cost savings over the last few years to lower our cost structure. Collectively, these actions, along with continued hard work by our teams, set the foundation for long-term strategic growth. Our third quarter adjusted net income, which excludes $4.9 million or $0.03 per diluted share and non-recurring KDG integration costs was $317 million, or $2.23 per diluted share. This compares to adjusted net income of $270 million or $1.88 per diluted share in the prior year, an increase of 19%. This exceptional performance is a result of the crisp execution of our initiatives, which are translating to GPC, delivering accelerated growth and profitability. As we turn to the balance sheet, changes in the key elements of our working capital were generally in line with our sales growth. At September 30, our total accounts receivable were up 17%, with inventory up 15%. Likewise, accounts payable increased 15% from 2021, which also correlates to the increase in inventory. We continue to generate strong cash flow with $454 million in cash from operations in the third quarter and $1.2 billion for the 9 months, up 23% from last year. For the full year, we continue to expect cash from operations to be in the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion range with free cash flow of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. We closed the third quarter with $2.1 billion in available liquidity, and our debt to adjusted EBITDA is 1.7x. This compares to our targeted range of 2 to 2.5x and highlights our financial strength and flexibility. The key priorities for capital allocation at GPC remain unchanged. As a reminder, these include reinvestment in our business through capital expenditures and M&A and the return of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During 2022, we have invested $244 million in capital expenditures, including $91 million in the third quarter, primarily in technology and other projects to further automate and consolidate our distribution networks and drive productivity. We have also invested $1.6 billion for acquisitions and returned $542 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $369 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and $173 million in cash to repurchase 1.3 million shares. The continued strength of our cash flow provides us the ability to manage our capital allocation through all business cycles and has allowed GPC to increase our dividend for 66 consecutive years. Turning to our current outlook for 2022. We are updating our full year guidance and raising adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $8.05 to $8.15, which represents an increase of 16% to 18% from 2021 and up from our previous guidance of $7.80 to $7.95. We expect total sales growth for 2022 to be in the range of 15% to 16%, an increase from 12% to 14%. By business segment, we’re guiding to the following: 7% to 8% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, an update from 6% to 8%. This new outlook also reflects 7% to 8% comparable sales growth. For the industrial segment, we are updating our total sales growth outlook to 31% to 32%, an increase from our previous outlook of 26% to 28%. The new outlook includes a 15% to 16% comparable sales increase, which is up from 9% to 11%. We are pleased with the positive momentum in our business in the third quarter and through the 9 months of 2022. Our outlook for the remainder of the year reflects the continued confidence in our execution balanced against the backdrop of a dynamic and uncertain macro environment. Our continued strong cash flow generation provides us with full flexibility to support our growth plans through ongoing investments in the business and return of cash to our shareholders while remaining balanced and disciplined. We look forward to reporting on our fourth quarter and full year results on our next call in February. Thank you, and we will now turn it back over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Melich: Thanks. Congrats, guys. Some good numbers. I guess my first question is on the gross margin performance. Could you just give us a little more insight as to by segment in both the quarter given that you’ve got increase in costs, you said it’s passing through price remains rational, but it is starting to fall. So just if you could sort of walk us through each segment as to what’s driving that.
Bert Nappier: Sure, Greg. It’s Bert. Thanks for joining. Thanks for the question. I’ll start just with the reiteration, we were down 60 basis points to 34.9 on a consolidated basis. The quarter benefited from an 85 basis point improvement in the underlying execution of our day-to-day strategic pricing and sourcing programs. That really reflects the outstanding execution from the team across the environment. I don’t really want to break it down into each segment. I mean we’re all performing well on the underlying core of the business. We’re pleased with the actions on both segments. And the teams are really doing an exceptional job, as you can imagine, in a very, very dynamic environment. That’s hard to see, unfortunately, here in the quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we had three key factors. I’ll reiterate those year-over-year moderation in supplier incentives, that’s 80 bps; currency, which you’re aware at the end of the quarter there we had a lot of movement in currency rates, 30 basis points. And then the industrial performance and the acquisition of KDG, a 35 basis point drag there. That’s a lower gross margin business relative to automotive. But at the same time, we trade that off for a higher margin business. And as you heard Will mentioned in his prepared remarks, an 11.1% margin for industrial for the quarter, which is a record. Just a little more color on the supplier rebates. Those moderated from a year ago when heightened supply chain challenges. We’re constraining things as we’re all aware. The positive is that we now have more inventory. We have a more available base of inventory for our customers, which is a good thing. Another reminder, a year ago, that was a 116 basis point benefit to margin from that issue. So look, as I mentioned, for the full year, we think the gross margin rate for the full year will be in line with the third quarter. But despite all that, we see expansion of margin here in the fourth quarter – or I’m sorry, here in the third quarter by 40 basis points to 9.7% margin. That’s the third consecutive quarter of overall margin expansion, and we expect that for the fourth quarter as well. When you look at the fourth quarter looking ahead, I think as you look at that number and guiding to the Q3 levels, we really see the two variables there from where we prior – from our prior guidance being gross margin performance at Motion continuing to outperform our earlier expectations and currency.
Greg Melich: Got it. I guess my follow-up would be on that fourth quarter. If I sort of back into it, it seems like there is a pretty meaningful deceleration in organic growth with the new guidance. I think it’s maybe 500 or 600 bps in auto and maybe double that in industrial. Is there – is that actually happening in October? Or is that just conservatism?
Bert Nappier: Let me take that kind of up one level and give you some color on guidance overall. First, I want to thank our teams. We’ve had a great third quarter, first 9 months. I think the business continues to be very balanced and resilient, but like everyone, forecasting in this environment has its challenges. We took a number of factors into account in our guidance raise. Firstly, our performance year-to-date and the industry fundamentals and momentum we see. But obviously, we have to balance that against the macro including, we think, with inflation and pressuring cost. We can’t ignore any of these tightening conditions and undoubtedly, those will impact businesses and consumers at some point. The macro data has been pretty choppy, as you’re aware, but we’re very comfortable and confident in our overall guide with the new guidance range of $8.05 to $8.15. That’s going to have EPS up year-over-year, 16% to 18% on the back of a really, really strong year a year ago. We’re being prudent, I think it’s probably the right way to phrase it. Eyes wide open on things to watch. We’ve got inflation, geopolitical tension, supply chain constraints, effect, fuel and energy prices, all moving around on us. But at the same time, there is probably, Greg, a little modesty here. We outperformed in the fourth quarter a year ago, and we’ve outperformed so far this year, and we’re not necessarily a management team that will continue to count on the same level of outperformance. When I look at the fourth quarter, I’d kind of call your attention to a few things for the fourth quarter guide and the full year. We’ve got incremental foreign currency, as I mentioned, $0.03 headwind in the fourth quarter relative to when we gave you guidance before. The gross margin rate compression that we just discussed and also, we have 1 fewer working day in the fourth quarter. So that’s something to be aware of. But look, my dad used to say be baseball ready and that needs to be ready for whatever comes. I think we’re doing that. We’re going to look for additional growth opportunities and efficiency and discipline. And I’m going to let Will give you a little bit more color on the segment side on the sales.
Will Stengel: Yes, Greg, maybe just to answer your question, I mean, we’re encouraged by the trends that we’re seeing through October across the global business. So if that’s any indicator, we’re not seeing a slowdown. We’re proud of the teams for continuing to build on that momentum into the fourth quarter. Just maybe some other thoughts. As you think about kind of what’s implied in the Q4, I’d just remind you, Q4 ‘21 for auto had a big comp, high teens. So the guide for auto on a 2 year is kind of close to that 20%. And that holds true for U.S. auto and kind of each of the pieces of global automotive. So still really solid performance. And as I said, encouraged by what we’re seeing through October.
Greg Melich: That’s helpful and good luck.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Greg.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Horvers. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks and good afternoon. Maybe to follow-up on that a little bit. One of your industrial distributor peers talked about some, I guess, softer tone in certain customer segments when they reported recently. As you were out in the field recently, is there – are you sensing any of that caution? And do you think it’s maybe just like the tack that you’re taking, like eventually something could happen and we’re being cautious or do you think there is something – some real change going on in some of your businesses on the industrial side?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Chris, thanks. This is Paul. I would tell you, and we have spent a good bit of time in the field late. I traveled with the Motion team I don’t know, a few weeks back. And we spent a good bit of time with that group this week. The overall sentiment from our Motion team, Chris, remains really strong, optimistic. They are seeing increases across just about every customer segment in every product segment. So I’m aware of the other industrial group, you mentioned that reported earlier this week. But I have to tell you, we’re not seeing it on our side, Chris. And I would just remind you, we’re still seeing expansion in PMI, which we generally track pretty closely with through the years anyway. And industrial production came out earlier this week in industrial production, again, post a good result in September. So I would tell you, overall, our Motion team continues to perform at an incredibly high level. And as Will said, early numbers in October point to that continuing well into Q4.
Will Stengel: Chris, maybe just some other perspective to add to Paul’s comments, sales cadence was consistent for the industrial team through the quarter, as Paul said, the vast majority, if not all the product categories were growing north of 20% plus, which were high single digits 2 plus 20%. All of our end markets, we’re seeing super strong growth. We track 15 different industries. All are performing very well. We called out a few in the script, equipment machinery, food products, iron steel, automotive, mining, oil and gas. And I’d tell you, geographically, we’re seeing strength pretty broad-based, including Canada and Mexico as well as our service business, fluid power automation conveyance. So are the customers just like everybody trying to predict what happens in 2023, certainly, those discussions happen when we were out in the field. But the backlogs are strong, and the recent trends have been strong. So we feel bullish about certainly closing the year and then coming into next year with some momentum.
Christopher Horvers: Thank you for that. Will, I think at a recent conference, you mentioned the ability to take segment margins to the double-digit range. Can you talk a little bit more about that – do you see that – is that more of a blended of NAPA and Motion or could you see that potential for the NAPA segment to also reach double digit and what do you think the big drivers are to get there?
Bert Nappier: Hi, Chris, it’s Bert. I’ll take that one. Look, I think as the new CFO coming in and taking a look at this business, I’m sitting here looking around and we’re asking ourselves questions about what’s the full potential of the two businesses together. So I know you would appreciate that exercise as the new guy. We’re not ready to give you a target on that. I want to do some homework here over the next several months as we sharpen our pencil around that. But we’re doing that work. I think the historical perspective here has been this business can be a 7% and then an 8% and then we’re marching our way up the chain there. You’ve seen a margin at 9.7% this quarter consolidated which is another improvement in the third consecutive one – this third consecutive quarter in a row of improvement there. As I look ahead with a fresh set of eyes coming in, I see a tremendous amount of opportunity for things that are within our own control, not necessarily reliant on external. Some of those are underway. Some of those would be sourcing and category management initiatives, which are in early innings, pricing initiatives, which are in early innings. The business demonstrated a great ability through the pandemic to transform continue to be more efficient and lower cost structure, that’s going to continue. And I think there is a tailwind there. We have got two really great businesses with great size and scale. And when you have that kind of power behind you, I think you do have an ability to continue to grow and improve margins. We will have some modernization of our supply chain and DCs that continue. Will talked about that a little bit in his prepared remarks around the Florida facility for Motion. So, there are just a tremendous amount of opportunities. And we owe you to come back and give you some full longer term targets there, but hopefully, that gives you a little perspective as the new CFO.
Christopher Horvers: That’s great. Thanks Bert.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Donahue: Chris, you are coming back for another one? I think we just had, Chris.
Christopher Horvers: I can ask more questions. I got a lot more.
Paul Donahue: I will talk to you later Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs.
Kate McShane: Hi. Thanks for taking our questions. You had mentioned, I think in your automotive comments that you saw growth in all categories, and we just wanted to confirm that if it includes discretionary categories and what you are seeing relative to the more defensive categories? And then just with regards to transaction versus ticket if you saw any meaningful change this quarter versus last quarter in automotive?
Will Stengel: Thanks Kate. Thanks for the question. Let me take a pass at that and Bert and Paul will jump in. Maybe just starting at the top, for U.S. auto, consistent growth through the quarter, we have recognized and celebrated a variety of different sales records through the quarter, so super proud of the teams for that. As we mentioned, both DIFM and do-it-yourself, we are strong and positive through the quarter, which is always good to see. If you look at the subsets of the business, the mid-single digit performance from our major accounts in our AutoCare, we had low-double digit to low teens in our fleet and government business. And we had, as we said, mid-single digit retail performance on tough comp. No change in trends from ticket and transactions. We talked about that, I think last quarter, transactions down, ticket up, but that was as we expected, our categories of strength, batteries, filters, brakes, commodities and chemicals. And then we saw really broad-based strength across the geographies, with particular outperformance in our mountain region, which is Texas through Montana and Alaska for our business and then down the eastern part of the United States, including the Northeast Atlantic region and Southeast. So, we saw some strength in our accessories category, which is the retail category for us, a smaller piece of the business, but I think that’s somewhat discretionary in nature, and we saw a nice strength there. So, really strong broad-based performance through the quarter around the business on the U.S. auto side.
Paul Donahue: And Kate, I would just add to Will’s comments that a driver of that business is certainly fuel prices. We are seeing fuel prices coming down a bit, which is always a good thing for our auto business. We certainly expect to see miles driven ticking back. People are taking to the roads. And they are a little – still a little bit reticent to get on mass transit and airplanes. So, all those factors, I believe will continue to bode well for our auto business going into next year.
Kate McShane: Thank you. And if I could just ask one follow-up question, I think you mentioned you expect the same inflation, same-SKU inflation in Q4 as what you saw in Q3. And I know you are not talking about 2023 today, but do you have any high-level views about when you could expect to see some moderating of the inflation and how that might impact traffic versus – or transaction versus ticket next year?
Bert Nappier: Hi Kate, it’s Bert. I will take that one. Look, I mean I will kind of point this out, and I will reiterate it. Our expectation, let’s talk about the fourth quarter because that’s a bit of a setup for 2023. Our expectation at this point for inflation for Q4 is that it stays consistent with the Q3 level. And I think in our view that means it’s stabilizing on some level to moderating. However, as many of you know, the inflow of moderating or stabilizing levels of inflation takes some time to flow through supply chain. I think that will lag into 2023. Obviously, we have a tremendous amount of monetary policy action afoot, and that will take some time to have an effect into 2023, but we would anticipate that it would. As we turn the corner into the next year, I think we will see continued pressure on labor costs and on product costs at this point. Again, I mean we are looking several months ahead here. So, that’s a little bit of our initial view. When we think about it from our perspective, it’s a tough and dynamic environment, and our teams are really focused on this and it requires intense focus. Our strategy remains unchanged in that regard as we look ahead. We are going to continue to pass along inflation impacts to protect our gross margin rate. I think we have done a nice job of managing that in a very dynamic environment, and we are going to continue to focus on those category management and pricing actions. So hopefully, that gives you a little color. We are talking about something several months away, but that’s our initial view on that front.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Thanks Kate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning guys.
Paul Donahue: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: On the European automotive, could you talk a bit more about the private label strategy there? What you are seeing as far as consumer acceptance of the NAPA brand and maybe what percentage is in the mix now and how the margin delta sets up versus the legacy product that you were selling?
Paul Donahue: So, Bret, I will take a stab at this one, and let the other guys jump in. I was with our European team all last week over in Spain and pleased to report that the NAPA brand rollout continues to expand across Europe, not only in the new markets, we will be launching in Spain and Portugal later this year, early next year, but also expanding the number of product categories that we are currently positioning under the NAPA brand. The acceptance, I have to tell you, Bret, has been beyond expectation. All that said, it’s still about 10%, give or take, of our total business. So, it’s meaningful. But look, we are still – we still have a long way to go, and before NAPA becomes a real dominant piece of our overall business over there. So, very pleased with where we find ourselves. And look, there is a lot of discussion around Europe, a lot of concern around Europe. But I can tell you, Bret, you saw the numbers, you heard Will talk about the numbers in Q3, another really, really strong quarter, up 20% plus local currency. And pleased to tell you that despite all the noise through the first couple of weeks of October, business in fourth quarter looks good as well. So, we continue to be very bullish about our European business.
Bret Jordan: You just answered my second question, but just – to go back to the first half of the first – on the October trend in Europe. But how does the margin shake up in Europe on the private label mix, obviously, a different supply chain?
Will Stengel: Yes. Bret, it’s neutral. Generally speaking, on average it’s neutral. So, either a good guy or a bad guy. And I would just add to Paul’s comments, I figured you asked a follow-up. But as he said, we are continuing to see really good strength broadly in each one of our countries, Germany, mid-teens growth, Benelux, low-double digits, mid single-digit growth in the UK and the French market. So, as Paul said, NAPA is a big part of each one of those country strategies and initiatives and they have got nice traction delivering super nice results. So, good to see.
Bret Jordan: If it’s margin neutral is the long-term goal to get a better cost of goods there to get margin out of it. I mean what’s the point of the initiative, if it’s not more profitable?
Will Stengel: That’s the strategy over time, obviously, getting the brand into the market, putting it into the line logic and penetrating the market as kind of step one and then over time as it develops the following, we will revisit that.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Bret.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. Thank you. Just a question on the automotive side. And Paul, you had mentioned that new vehicle supply and elevated used car prices have been tailwinds, but you started to see used car pricing rolling over and new vehicle supply could begin to improve. So, I mean how much of a headwind do you think that could be as you plan your business for the next few years?
Paul Donahue: Yes. I appreciate you pointing that out, Liz. We are seeing used car prices coming down a bit. I honestly don’t see that being a huge impact on our business overall. We look at – look, the key drivers for our business have always been and will continue to be, I believe the average age of the vehicle on the road, which is at a new record again in this year over 12 years. Miles driven is always going to be a key element for us. And we are seeing an uptick in miles driven as fuel prices moderate just a bit. And I think you are going to see that as folks do begin to return to the workplace and are again, a bit hesitant to get on mass transit. I think we will continue to see that drive forward. So, look, in terms of new car sales, Liz, it’s a little bit of a double-edged sword. We need those new car sales because 5 years from now, those are going to be our customers as they come to the aftermarket. So, if new car sales tick up a bit, that’s not going to have a big impact on our business in the short-term. In the long-term, it’s a good thing for us. And if we go back to the 17 million vehicle new car vehicles produced each year sold each year, that’s not a bad thing for us at all because that’s our future customers. So, I think any way you slice it, the – our business – our U.S. automotive business and our global automotive business is in a good place and the fundamentals are very sound.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. Yes, that makes sense. And just a quick follow-up on the auto side. Will had mentioned you are pleased with the market share growth in the majority of categories, what are the categories where you aren’t pleased with your market share? And what do you view as the biggest opportunities?
Will Stengel: Look, I am looking down our list, but I am not sure I can call out one where we are not pleased. I mean we are seeing really broad-based strength across all the product categories. So, I can’t call out one where we are disappointed. Obviously, if there are some inventory opportunities, those would be – that will be the commentary where we would want to do better, but I am not sure that’s a function of the demand drivers or kind of our strategy. So, sorry for not being more helpful, but I think that’s the honest truth.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay. Alright. Thanks very much.
Paul Donahue: Okay. Thanks. Thanks Liz.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys.
Paul Donahue: Good morning Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: How are doing? So, the industrial business is obviously very strong. And we know that historically, it’s followed some of the broader macro factors and index changes typically with about a six-month to nine-month lag or so. And Paul, I think you already pointed out how PMI is still positive, but obviously, it’s moderated quite a bit. So, I guess the question is, how should we kind of net out today’s strong growth versus at least what appears to be a pretty significant moderation in that, let’s call it, broader macro trend?
Paul Donahue: So Scot, thanks for the question. And you are right to point out that the moderation in PMI. But again, anything over 50, if we are growing and we continue to grow. That said, the motion footprint Scot, is different today than we were historically. So, we have expanded our footprint into segments like conveyance, conveyors and all things around that product category, which as we have seen the distribution center model, expand across the U.S. We have seen great expansion in that product category, automation and robotics is a growing double digit – strong-double digit category for us, and we believe we have huge upside in that area. So, if you look at the motion of today, Scot, it’s different than it was 3 years to 5 years ago when we were primarily a power transmission and industrial supplies-type business. And that has been intentional from our team. And I think will shelter us going forward and will give us a leg up as we go forward if we do see continued softening because Scot, you are not alone. We continue to have people and analysts and investors question the industrial business and do we believe that we will continue to see the great growth that we have seen out of that business in the last couple of years. And certainly, while we have shown 20% comp growth in Q3, we are not going to stay at 20%. We are realistic enough to know that, but we also do believe that that’s a business that we can continue to grow 6% to 8% year-after-year-after-year regardless of what PMI and industrial production numbers might call out.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carolina Jolly with Gabelli. Please go ahead.
Carolina Jolly: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Paul Donahue: No problem. Good morning.
Carolina Jolly: Good morning. So, just a quick question around cash flow, working capital. Your AP to inventory ratio is probably around 130% now. That’s definitely higher compared to 2019. Has that been a structural shift since you extended terms in Europe, or do you think we will see that kind of revert to your historic…?
Bert Nappier: No, I don’t think it has anything necessarily to do with Europe. When you look at the landscape – this is Bert, by the way, I don’t think it has anything to do with the European landscape. Look, the business has changed fundamentally over the last year. We have a large acquisition of KDG in the Motion business. But when we look at our working capital metrics, we are very pleased with where we are. We have had a six-day reduction in our cash conversion cycle during the course of the year. So, we are pleased with that. Managing payables well. DSO is down, managing inventory very well as well. And so I don’t think there is anything that I would call out as a structural shift. It’s something that we stay very focused on a day-to-day basis, given the unlock of cash as we are smarter about how we do that. Look, as we look ahead, I mean nobody is perfect. We do have opportunities to optimize on the inventory side, and we will continue to do that. And we have got great teams here that are focused on that as well. So, I wouldn’t place any overreliance or over-indexing on any one factor. Bottom line is we have had very strong cash flow through the course of the year. We will have a great result for the rest of the year in terms of free cash flow and for the full year. And that takes us back to our long-standing ability to continue to be very disciplined and thoughtful on capital allocation and reinvest in the business, which we will continue to do because we see great opportunities there. And at the same time, return capital back to shareholders, which as you all know, we have a long-standing history of doing so.
Carolina Jolly: Great. Thanks. So, it doesn’t sound like this is a temporary benefit you are seeing right now, but it’s corporate initiatives that have been working.
Bert Nappier: No. I wouldn’t point to a temporary benefit. I think we are very consistently – I know some of this predates me, but consistently showing improvement across cash conversion and our working capital elements.
Carolina Jolly: Great. Thanks. And then just a quick second one. Your DIY business seems to have been doing very well performing potentially just given what have been said in the second quarter call. Can you talk about why you think that is? Is it the digital factor that you talked about in the beginning of the call or just any commentary there?
Will Stengel: Yes, Carolina, it’s Will. I think you nailed it. We are super proud. We have made a lot of progress on all things, technology and digital for our retail business all around the globe, but in particular, U.S. automotive and in Canada and investments in the catalog, investments in search, investments in kind of product data quality have been making a real difference. So, more work to do, but proud of the progress the teams are making.
Carolina Jolly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks Dave. Just to all of our folks out there today, we appreciate your questions and everyone joining the call. Look, we are very pleased with another record quarter at Genuine Parts Company. We could not be more proud of the great work done by all of our GPC teammates around the world. We continue to be excited that with the momentum that our business is generating. And I would just conclude by saying the future continues to be very, very bright for Genuine Parts Company. So, you all have a great day, and we look forward to chatting again in February. Thank you.
Operator: The call has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation and instructions will be given at that time. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President; and Bert Nappier, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, today’s conference call and webcast includes a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations' website. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today’s discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As Sid mentioned, I'm here with Will as well as Bert, who was on his first earnings call as CFO. Welcome to the call Bert. We are pleased to report continued strong results from Genuine Parts Company in the second quarter of 2022. The GPC team had another record quarter consisting of double-digit sales and earnings increases and a steady cadence of continued growth throughout April, May and June. Total sales were $5.6 billion, up 17%, and adjusted earnings per share were $2.20, up 26% from last year. We continue to benefit from the resiliency of our automotive and industrial businesses and the strategic mix of our operations. We would like to thank our 53,000 talented GPC teammates for their exceptional work and commitment to excellence. A few highlights in the quarter include another quarterly sales record for GPC and our automotive and industrial segment, segment operating margin expansion in both segments and for GPC overall, record quarterly earnings and double-digit EPS growth for the eighth consecutive quarter and strong cash flow generation and the further strengthening of our balance sheet. We continue to execute our key strategic initiatives to deliver market share gains and drive positive momentum in our top and bottom line results despite ongoing macroeconomic pressures. Our teams are doing an excellent job of navigating supply chain disruptions, enabling our business with the product we need to serve our customers and capture market share. For example, we are investing in our businesses to enhance forecast accuracy for product demand, improve fill rates and optimize our network footprint. Our size and global scale continue to be an advantage as we work to have the right part in the right place at the right time. Likewise, our pricing strategies have proven valuable in substantially offsetting product inflation and rising freight cost. Our M&A strategy has also been effective. As you will hear from Will, the accelerated integration of KDG has been executed with a high degree of precision and has had a meaningful impact on our industrial performance. In addition, our global automotive teams have been active with ongoing strategic bolt-on acquisitions, such as the addition of [indiscernible], which rounds out our national footprint in Germany, the largest economy in Europe. We continue to explore a healthy pipeline of acquisition targets and M&A remains an important part of our global growth strategy. Additionally, we are benefiting from ongoing initiatives, such as accelerating the rollout of the NAPA brand, our international markets, as well as further investing in B2B and B2C omnichannel enhancements to both our catalog data and technology platforms. We also continue to upgrade our pricing and product category management strategies to further extend our leadership positions in the global automotive and industrial markets. As we look at the operating environment more broadly, our automotive and industrial business are benefiting from several tailwinds. The continued increase in miles driven and the average age of vehicles, limited new car inventory and elevated used car prices are supporting demand in the automotive aftermarket and driving continued strength in the DIFM segment. In Industrial, PMI continues to signal manufacture and expansion and industrial production showed gains again in the second quarter, representing the eight consecutive quarter of growth. We are closely monitoring potential consumer headwinds, including the effective, historically high inflation and its impact on gas prices, freight and wages. However, we will stay focused on our strategic initiatives and remain agile in the execution of our business on a day-to-day basis. The enthusiasm and momentum in our business was on full display last week, when for the first time in seven years, we hosted our 2022 NAPA Expo in Las Vegas. This gathering brought together more than 15,000 global attendees, including Napa AutoCare customers, independent Napa store owners, Napa store managers, key suppliers and leaders across our operations. It was an extraordinary event packed with seminars, insights, business, building strategies, and an extensive trade show featuring our global suppliers and key business partners. We took the opportunity to introduce our new Napa brand campaign, Get Up & Go. And you could feel the positive energy and excitement for the future of Napa and the automotive aftermarket overall. The biggest takeaway is that the Napa team in the U.S. and across the globe is well positioned for the future. During the quarter, we also had the opportunity to spend time in the field with our Motion leadership team. We visited our operations and customers across the Midwest and saw firsthand the momentum in our industrial business and the progress of the KDG acquisition. As we mentioned in our last call, we have been active in 2022 building on our commitment to responsible ESG business practices. This has included formalizing our carbon emission reduction strategy, as well as driving continued progress in DE&I. We look forward to providing additional details in our progress in these areas later this year, as we publish our 2022 corporate sustainability report. So again, we thank each of our GPC teammates for taking great care of our customers and delivering another quarter of record results. Now I'll turn the call over to Will.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I'd also like to thank the global GPC teams as well as our supplier partners for their ongoing commitment to serving our customers. We appreciate the team effort and hard work to deliver great results around the world. During the second quarter, we built on solid momentum and delivered strong results across both our automotive and industrial businesses. Our results were driven by team execution and discipline focused on strategic initiatives. We continue to align our initiatives around five foundational priorities, including talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, supply chain, and emerging technology. We will highlight select initiative examples as we review the business performance. Turning to the performance details by segment total sales for our global automotive segment were $3.5 billion in the second quarter, an increase of approximately $271 million or 8.5% versus the same period last year. Sales growth was relatively consistent in all three months of the quarter and on a comparable basis sales growth for the quarter was plus 8%. Our global teams delivered mid-single digit to low double digit comp growth across each of our operations. And as Paul mentioned, the automotive segment continues to be driven by solid industry fundamentals and focused team execution. Global Automotive segment profit was $323 million and segment operating margin was 9.3%, representing a 20 basis point increase from the same period last year. The improvement in segment profit was driven by strong operating discipline across our operations, despite a dynamic environment. During the second quarter, our automotive business experienced slightly higher product cost inflation compared to the mid-single-digit experience in the first quarter. The pricing environment remains rational and we're pleased with the ongoing positive impact of our category management initiatives. Looking ahead, we believe current levels of inflation will continue through the second half of 2022. Now turning to an overview of our automotive businesses by geography. In the U.S., automotive sales grew approximately 11% during the quarter, with comparable sales growth of 7%. Sales were solid across each U.S. region and broadly across product categories with breaks, filters and fluids, all posting double-digit increases in the quarter. We continue to be pleased with market share growth with many of our categories. Sales to both commercial and retail customers were positive with low double-digit commercial growth outpacing retail, which moderated to mid-single-digit growth as expected. Our commercial business representing approximately 80% of U.S. auto sales saw broad based strength across all customer segments. Digital channels across all customers also performed well with low double-digit sales growth during the second quarter, reflecting continued traction from investments in our omnichannel experience. Others select U.S. initiative examples to highlight include the rollout of an enhanced PROLink, our B2B digital commerce platform, new sales and marketing programs, including the new NAPA Get Up and Go brand campaign, pricing and sourcing analytics, inventory and forecasting tools and DC productivity initiatives, to name just a few. In Canada, sales grew approximately 16% in local currency during the second quarter. Comparable sales were up 14% and up 26% on a two-year stack reflective of the continued strength of the reopening of the Canadian market and solid team execution. To highlight an example of emerging technology initiatives, during the second quarter, we officially launched NexDrive in Canada. Originally launched in Europe in 2020, NexDrive is a program that enables our network of automotive service centers to repair next-generation hybrids and EV vehicles. As part of this program, we partner with our vast service center network to offer product training tools and technology. We currently have over 100 NexDrive service centers in the European market and we're excited to bring this offering to the Canadian market. Our emerging technology council comprised of global strategic partners also continues to help inform and advance our strategies. In Europe, our automotive team delivered a terrific quarter as well despite the dynamic geopolitical environment. Sales in Europe increased 19% in local currency in the second quarter. Comparable sales increased 7% for the quarter and are up more than 40% on a two-year stack basis. Growth continues to be driven by continued focus on strategic initiatives. Initiative highlights in Europe include new account expansion, continued NAPA rollout within and across the region and technology and supply chain investments. The recent Lausan and Canol [ph] acquisitions in Spain and Germany respectively are also exceeding our expectations and we're encouraged by the opportunities we're working on to capture in these businesses. In the Asia-Pac automotive business sales in the second quarter increased 11% in local currency from last year. Comparable sales were up 8% from last year and up 26% on a two-year stack, both commercial and retail sales performed well with Repco and NAPA growth driven by strong execution of complimentary customer value propositions and robust demand. Our motorcycle accessories division also performed well, benefiting from ongoing store expansion. In addition, during the second quarter, our Asia-Pac team completed the acquisition of Steady [ph], a leading Australian branded direct-to-consumer distributor of lighting products focused on the four-wheel drive market. The acquisition creates a differentiated product offering in a multi-billion dollar profitable high growth segment in Australia and New Zealand. Turning to the Global Industrial segment. During the second quarter, total sales at Motion were $2.1 billion, an increase of approximately $547 million or 34.5%. The sales cadence was consistently strong throughout the quarter and comparable sales, which exclude the benefit of KDG increased 18% versus last year. This marks our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit comparable growth driven by the strong performance in our North American business. The strength in our North American industrial performance was broad based with double-digit sales growth across virtually all product categories and major industry served with particular strengths coming from equipment and machinery, aggregate and cement and automotive customers. Industrial segment profit was $225 million or 10.6% of sales, a new record for the Industrial segment. This represents a 110 basis point increase from the same period last year. The improvement is a result of Motion’s impressive growth and disciplined operating performance. For the second quarter, inflation in the Industrial segment held in the low-single digit range, consistent with the levels we saw on the first quarter. The pricing environment remains rational and we do not expect any significant shifts in product inflation in our industrial business through the balance of 2022. Select initiative highlights contributing to the strong performance in the industrial business include sales programs to capture profitable share of wallet with target accounts, data driven, strategic pricing, and sourcing programs, technology investments to enhance the omni-channel experience and inventory productivity and footprint optimization initiatives. As Paul mentioned, the KDG acquisition has added to the Motion team momentum. The teams are executing well defined plans with customers, suppliers, and teammates to deliver growth and create value as a combined business. To provide a bit more commentary on the recent integration progress, the team successfully onboarded KDG associates to Motion HR programs, accelerated the realignment of functional support teams, integrated systems and accelerated the co-location of overlapping branches. In addition, the team partnered with vendors to improve programs and product availability, utilized cross-functional field teams to sell services across shared customers, harmonize inventory strategies and rebranded stores under the Motion banner. All major work streams are at or ahead of plan. We’re extremely pleased with the momentum of the integration efforts and excited for the growth opportunities as one Motion team. As we execute on our global initiatives, we compliment them with strategic bolt-on acquisitions to capture share in our fragmented markets and create shareholder value. The M&A pipeline continues to be active and will remain discipline to pursue transactions that advance our strategy, deliver profitable growth, and create long-term value. In summary, we had another terrific quarter, which resulted in record sales and profit for Genuine Parts Company. We acknowledged that the macro environment remains dynamic, but we learned as a team from the challenges presented by the pandemic. We continued to prioritize our customers as we analyze our business indicators remain agile and strategically invest with discipline in initiatives that extend our global leadership positions. Thank you again to the entire GPC team for an exceptional quarter. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Bert.
Bert Nappier: Thank you, Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. As Paul and Will have shared, we had an excellent second quarter and I’m pleased to walk you through the key highlights. Our comments this morning focused primarily on our adjusted quarterly results, which exclude non-recurring items that I will cover in more detail shortly. Total GPC sales were $5.6 billion in the second quarter, up $819 million or 17.1% from last year. Our increase in total sales reflects an 11.5% increase in comparable sales, including mid-single digit inflation and an 8.8% contribution from acquisitions. These items were partially offset by a 3.3% unfavorable impact of foreign currency. Our gross margin was 35%, a 30 basis point decrease compared to the second quarter last year and in line with our expectations. Our gross margin in the second quarter was negatively impacted by headwinds from anticipated moderation and supplier incentives, foreign currency, and the timing of inflation in certain product categories. These headwinds were substantially offset by the ongoing favorable impact of strategic category management initiatives, where we continue to leverage our growing global scale. As an example of our strategic initiatives and category management, our teams are utilizing technology, innovative data analytics and AI to forecast supply chain lead times and changes in market demand to ensure optimal levels. These actions along with our pricing initiatives positively impacted our gross margin in the second quarter. For the full year, we expect our gross margin rate to be consistent with 2021, as we are relentlessly managing the impact of product and supplier price increases in our costs. Our total operating and non-operating expenses, excluding non-recurring items were approximately $1.5 billion up 15% from 2021 and at 27.6% of sales compared to 28.1% of sales in the prior year. We continue to leverage our expenses despite ongoing inflationary pressures across all costs, particularly in freight and shipping charges. Our teams remain focused on further reducing expenses and driving operational efficiencies across the business. With our strong performance, segment profit was $548 million up 24%, and our segment profit margin was 9.8%, a 60 basis point increase from last year and up 160 basis points from 2019. With a very challenging operating environment over the past few years, ranging from the pandemic to current inflationary dynamics, we are very proud of the work our teams have done to improve our segment margin over the last three years. As outlined in our earnings release, our second quarter results include two non-recurring items. The first item relates to the sale of S.P. Richards real estate, which generated $140 million in cash proceeds and resulted in a non-recurring gain of $103 million. The S.P. Richards properties sold this quarter were not divested with that business in 2020. And we are extremely pleased to monetize these assets and reinvest this capital across the GPC portfolio. In addition, during the second quarter, we incurred approximately $25 million of costs related to our KDG acquisition, including a non-cash impairment charge of $17 million for legacy motion brand name that will no longer be used as a result of the acquisition of KDG. Our second quarter adjusted net income, which excludes $59 million or $0.42 per diluted share and the non-recurring items I just discussed was $313 million or $2.20 per diluted share. This compares to adjusted debt income of $253 million or $1.74 per diluted share in the prior year, an increase of 26%. The strong growth is indicative of the crisp execution of our initiatives to deliver accelerated growth and profitability. As we turn to our balance sheet at June 30, our total accounts receivable balances were up 18% with inventory up 17% and both in line with the increase in sales. Likewise, accounts payable increased 14% from 2021, which correlates to the increase in inventory. We continue to generate strong cash flows with $392 million in cash from operations in the second quarter and $791 million for the six months up 12% from last year. For the full year, we continue to expect cash from operations to be in the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion range with free cash flow of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. We close the second quarter with $2 billion in available liquidity and our debt to adjusted EBITDA is 1.8 times. This is slightly below our targeted range of 2 to 2.5 times, and highlights our financial strength and flexibility. The key priorities for capital allocation at GPC remain unchanged. As a reminder, these included reinvestment in our business through capital expenditures and M&A, and the return of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. During 2022, we have invested $153 million in capital expenditures, including $75 million in the second quarter and continue to plan for additional strategic investments through the balance of the year. These investments are primarily in technology and projects to further automate and consolidate our distribution networks and drive productivity throughout the business. Beyond CapEx, during 2022 we have also invested $1.6 billion for acquisitions and returned $366 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This includes $243 million in cash dividends paid to our shareholders and $123 million in cash to repurchase 943,000 shares. As a reminder, we have increased the annual dividend for 66 consecutive years. Turning to our current outlook for 2022. We are updating our full year guidance previously provided in our first quarter earnings release. We are raising adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $7.80 to $7.95, which represents an increase of 13% to 15% from 2021 and up from our previous guidance of $7.70 to $7.85. Our revised EPS guidance includes an incremental headwind of approximately $0.08 due to foreign currency relative to the outlook we provided in April. We expect total sales growth for 2022 to be in a range of 12% to 14%, an increase from 10% to 12% previously. By business segment, we are guiding to the following: 6% to 8% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, an increase from 5% to 7% previously. The new outlook reflects 6% to 8% comp sales growth consistent with our previous estimate. For the Industrial segment, we are updating our total sales outlook to 26% to 28% an increase from our previous outlook of 21% to 23%. The new outlook includes a 9% to 11% comp sales increase, which is up from 5% to 7% previously. We’ve had an exceptional first half of 2022 boosted by our industrial business and the success of our acquisition of KDG along with solid global automotive results. Our outlook for the full year reflects our ongoing confidence in our businesses to execute on our strategies, despite a dynamic and uncertain external landscape. Our continued strong cash flow generation also provides us with full flexibility to continue to invest in the business and return cash to our shareholders through our dividend. We look forward to reporting on our progress in our third quarter call in October. Thank you. And we will now turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Q - Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So a few questions from a top line perspective, so focusing first on the U.S. NAPA business. Interesting to note that your DIY business was up, some of your peers talked about a late spring impacting sort of the start of the quarter. So can you give us a sense if that customer how consistent that comp cadence was during the quarter? And then moreover, as you think about quarter to date, what are you seeing in the U.S. Walmart pre-announced earlier this week, talking about pressures on the low end consumer and some other companies have said that as well. So just curious if you’re seeing any variation in the DIY side of the business in the U.S.?
Will Stengel: Yes. Chris, good morning. It’s Will here. Let me take a crack and Bert and Paul can jump in if you have anything to add. So as you alluded to generally speaking U.S. automotive combine, do it for me, do it yourself consistent through the quarter on a monthly basis. I would say, on the do it yourself side, we did see some moderation through the quarter as we expected based on year-over-year comparables. I would say that we’re not reading into a softness in the customer based on what we’re seeing in our data. And so I’m not sure that we have the same takeaway that perhaps some of your traditional retailers are reading through in terms of the help of the consumer.
Paul Donahue: And I would – Chris, I would just add onto that, you kind of asked about the current quarter please report that U.S. Automotive continues to be in good shape. The trends we’re seeing in July are very similar to what we saw in Q2. So all is positive on the U.S. Automotive front.
Chris Horvers: So just to double click on that a little bit, the DIY moderation was really just anniversary in stimulus from April of last year?
Paul Donahue: We agree.
Chris Horvers: And then separately on the Motion business, Motion is doing in incredibly well. One of your peers in the industrial parts distribution business talked about some signs of moderation as they saw other quarter progress and into the current quarter. So curious, if you had any comments on that side as well.
Will Stengel: Yes, Chris, similarly we saw very consistent strength through the quarter. And as Paul alluded to kind of early looks and commentary around July, we’re seeing that continued strength coming out of the quarter, as well as we had in our prepared remarks. We saw broad strength across all of our end markets. We saw broad strength across all of our product categories. And we spend a lot of time in the field talking with customers, and I would say the mood is cautious, but on the margin quite positive. We’re obviously watching it and cautiously optimistic, but we feel good about what we’re seeing in the business.
Chris Horvers: And one last quick follow on, obviously a lot of questions about, what’s going on in Europe? How’s that business holding up as sort of the years played out with the war and energy prices over in that region?
Paul Donahue: Yes, I’ll take that Chris. Our European business continues to be rock solid. We had another really good quarter. I could not be more proud of our European team. And we saw it across all of our markets. We saw really nice sales increase in Germany. Our Netherlands business is strong, really pleased to see our business in France, posting mid-single-digits. So all is good there. As you know, we’re not in Russia or Ukraine, and so not necessarily feeling that impact. You mentioned the energy issue, Chris, which obviously is getting a lot of press we’re watching it closely. We are not an energy dependent business. So our DCs, our stores will continue to operate as they always have. So, we’re watching it certainly, we’re concerned, we’re a little concerned over the potential for some economic challenges, but again, please to say really strong quarter by our team, and we’re seeing that strength carryover into Q3 as well.
Chris Horvers: Thanks very much. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thank you, Chris.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask, if I could about the sales guidance, which seems to imply to hit the midpoint for the full year, for example, an automotive, 400 bps to 500 bps of moderation. And then a 10 percentage point plus slow down for industrial. Just wanted to see if that’s kind of more conservatism, if there’s something, in particular that you’re seeing, how we should think about that in light of some of the traction that you’ve discussed for your initiatives?
Bert Nappier: I’ll take that one, its Bert. Hey Mike. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Look first, I’d just like to thank our teams for the tremendous work so far in the first half. And I’ll try to give you some color on the guidance from there. Certainly exceeded our expectations in the first half. The business continues to be very resilient and balanced, but a number of factors were contemplated into how we raised guidance, obviously the sales numbers that I provided in my prepared comments, the outperformance in the first half, and the momentum we see in the underlying business that Paul and Will have talked about. We needed to balance that against the fact that we just can’t ignore that there’s tightening economic conditions that potentially could impact businesses in the second half. So, we’re trying to balance the strength of the first half and our momentum exiting Q2 while being eyes wide open and prudent about what we see out there.  And again, we've already talked about a few of these things with inflation lingering COVID conditions, the geopolitical landscape, ongoing supply chain constraints. So look, on the back half guide for sales our original plan for the year assume some normalization of growth rates in the second half. And our views are really unchanged on that. When you look at a year ago, the outperformance we had in the second half was quite significant and we just can't expect a year-for-year repeat of that level of outperformance. So we moderated that a little bit, look at a normalized growth rate in the second half.  As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we do have some FX headwinds that are incremental to our guide in April about $0.08 as we look at that. But look, we're going to stay focused, look for additional growth opportunities in the second half, stay disciplined on costs and look for efficiency gains. But at the end of the day, we're going to improve operating margin and have operating margin expansion for the full year. And we think that's a pretty good outcome.
Michael Montani: Got it. Thank you. And then if I could follow up just on the cost side, one question bit housekeeping but just how to think about interest expense in light of some of the move up in interest rates? And then secondly on gross margins, given the strong organic growth and then inorganic increases kind of why the supplier incentive pressure there would think you guys might have had some incremental benefits going on there?
Bert Nappier: Yeah, I'll take – I guess I'll take both of those. Look, I think, we're really in a positive spot on our capital structure. We're at 1.8 times levered that's below our range of two to 2.5 times. We have a very strong investment grade rating. And we look at our debt structure, it's nearly 100% fixed with some episodic borrowing against our revolver usually intra-month. But when you look at that, I don't see a lot of volatility there. We've got a weighted average interest rate of 2.3%. The only place we've seen a little bit of pressure is in our AR securitization program, in operating expenses. But it's still very, very attractive capital source for us and really not anything of consequence to call out there. In terms of gross margin, back to your question on that, look we landed at 35% for the quarter that was in line with our own expectations. The underlying execution from our teams, which has been absolutely tremendous in core activities around category management and pricing has driven significant margin improvement as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Unfortunately, that's a bit hard to see this quarter. We got three big factors masking that some expected moderation in supplier rebates as you mentioned and I'll talk about that here shortly, foreign currency and inflation.  When you look at the supplier rebates those moderated from a year ago we had some heightened supply chain challenges in the prior year that you're all intimately aware of, and those impacted the amounts we received from our suppliers. And so that's abated a bit, if you recall, we had a 40 basis point margin expansion from those a year ago and so that's as anticipated moderated. The great part about that, the flip side of that is we have more inventory to get to our customers, and we've got a better level of availability to be able to drive through to the business. I'll just land that point with, we expect gross margin for the full year to be consistent with 2021. And again, we think that's a great outcome in this very dynamic environment.
Michael Montani: Thank you. And good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Liz Suzuki at Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Liz Suzuki: Great, thank you. Just on inflation which is the kind of topic. Sure. What do you think pricing and margins could look like when inflation ultimately moves in the other direction? As in, if we find ourselves in a deflationary environment, can you hold on to price actions you've taken or do you think the competitive environment has changed such that it might get more challenging to keep pricing sticky?
Bert Nappier: Hey, Liz, it’s Bert how you doing? I hope you having a good summer. Thanks for the question. Look, I'll take that one a bit. Look, the inflationary environment has persisted and it's no doubt, a tough dynamic out there for everyone retires, very intense focus from everyone and our teams are doing a great job of managing it and have been able to generally pass along as you pointed out price increases to mitigate the impact. Our strategy there has been to protect gross margin rate, so that's our focus.  If you look at the downside of that, we wouldn't expect to see the environment pull back on pricing. Obviously that would take some time to work through, but we wouldn't see an immediate pullback in the environment. We'll stay competitive on that front and watch the marketplace. But again, I think the bottom line is, we wouldn't see a big pull back in terms of pricing or the pricing environment in general and obviously cost changes take quite some time to work through the supply chain.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you. And just how much of the comp growth in each of your segments? Do you think will be attributable to inflation or your SKU for – SKU inflation for the year, and as you look out into next year, do you expect that to moderate?
Bert Nappier: I think I’ll start with the back half of your question and just say for the back half of the year, we really, as Will mentioned in his remarks expect inflation levels to stay where they are from here for the rest of the year. That’s how we contemplated it in our guide. That’s a slight uptick from what we saw on the first quarter. And then if you look at it all up for GPC consolidated, we see the impact kind of mid-single digits on the top line within the motion industrial business. That’s low-single digits on the top line. And then for the auto business globally, we see that in the high single digits on the top line for the rest of the year.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Of course.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our next question today comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. So just a clarification on that same-SKU inflation concept specifically in the U.S. So are we basically seeing that units are fairly steady or flat with the comp gains coming from rising prices or is there another lever in there we have to be cognizant of?
Bert Nappier: Hey Scot. Thanks for the question. It’s Bert. I’m on a roll here. I’ll keep taking these, yes, I think, the best way to characterize it is how you’ve couched it there. We’d see the environment to flattish in terms of how the U.S. auto business is performing.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. And then pivot to the European business once again, we know our experience in the U.S. has been when you have a spike in gas prices, people tend to often drive less, they need a little less maintenance, because there’s less wear and tear on the vehicles. Because we have an energy centric challenge for a lot of countries that you guys are operating in Europe and what could become a lot worse in the next call it six, nine months? What is your view and what is your history say regarding those markets? Do they act any differently than what we see in the U.S. or is it pretty consistent kind of geography?
Paul Donahue: Hey, Scot. This is Paul. I’ll take that. The – look, the environment we see in Europe in our five years now in that market is very consistent with what we see in the U.S. And look, it’s steady as we’ve seen in the U.S., the automotive aftermarket is incredibly resilient. If there is a recession, which many are predicting, but it remains to be seen. We expect our business to continue to move in a positive direction. So we’re very pleased with our team, with our performance, with our footprint which excludes Eastern Europe and with our performance to date, which has been very, very strong. And as you heard in the quarter Scot, we expanded our footprint first quarter into Spain and certainly expanded our footprint in Germany this past quarter. So we’re in a good place with a great team and with a positive outlook for the balance of the year.
Scot Ciccarelli: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Paul Donahue: You bet.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning guys.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Bret.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Bret,
Bret Jordan: Could you talk about, I think you mentioned fill rates improving. But could you talk about sort of where you are on supply chain improvement and obviously a year ago, first half of 2021, there are a lot of supply constraints, but maybe where are we versus sort of target or normal levels?
Will Stengel: Yes. It’s Will here. I’ll take that one. So I would characterize global supply chain as stable to slightly improved over the last 100 days. We’ve seen a moderation in our ocean freight rate. I would say that the ports continue to be more congested than average in particular on the East Coast now relative to what we saw early in the year on the West Coast. But the suppliers aren’t experiencing problems, obtaining vessel space, which is a positive development. Lockdowns are moderating over in Asia, which is a positive development. And I think for us as we’ve thought through and worked through these developments, we’ve improved actually how we execute.  So we've rebalanced some of our poor activity. We've rebalanced some of our supplier geographies and we're gaining some nice traction there. So the one thing that I would call out is the transport from port to final destination that is still challenged, whether we're talking rail or freight logistics, but net-net were slightly improved relative to where we were 100 days ago.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And I think you talked about the cadence of the quarter from the sales standpoint. Did you say anything interesting regionally? Is there any real dispersion in U.S. auto?
Paul Donahue: We sell nice strengths down the Eastern half of the United States. One could make the case that fuel prices on the west coast impacted that given there's so much more elevated relative to the national average, but the Northeast, the Southeast in our Atlantic region showed nice strength through the quarter.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And the final, I guess any sign of trade down you talked about stable consumer demand, but is there any kind of a mix-shift particularly around the lower end consumer where they're looking for the lower price point option?
Bert Nappier: Hey, Bret, it's Bert. I'll take that one and look we're not just – we're not seeing much evidence of consumers trading down, customers trading down at all. I think the customer's been pretty resilient despite the rising fuel prices and other inflationary pressures. When you look at the auto business, it's non-discretionary to a large degree; you need your car fixed in this environment, particularly with a shortage of new cars and higher use of car prices as well. So customers are focusing on availability and service, which is our sweet spot and we've got product readily available. Same on the industrial side we're not seeing a pull back there. The momentum continues as you saw in our Q2 results. And so we just really continue to focus on as Will talked about supply chain, inventory management and having the right product in the right place.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Hey, good morning guys, thanks. I wanted to circle back on the pricing backdrop. Obviously it's been topical with some of your big peers investing in price. It sounds like you guys aren't really feeling the impact of that yet. I guess first is it still true, you guys really aren't feeling any discernible impact? And then Will, if not using price, you talk through a number of initiatives in you're prepared remarks on the auto side. Can you talk about which of those you expect to drive the most share gains or kind of what you guys are leaning into as you look out to next year and get back to share gains not just recouping some of the underperformance during COVID?
Will Stengel: Yes. Daniel, let me see if I can't break down your questions. First piece was, are we seeing any impact from competitive pricing strategies in the market? And I would tell you that we're not seeing an impact from anything that's been announced by competitors as it relates to pricing the market continues to be rational. And as we've talked a lot about here we're doing our own strategic work around pricing to be agile and react to the market and super proud of the team there. The second part of your question was which part of our initiative stack is driving share gains near term and recently? And all of our work around sales force effectiveness obviously is turning into nice momentum. The pricing work is turning into nice momentum and all of our technology investments that's improving the customer experience and making us easier to do business with. And while I talk about, I think your question was U.S. auto specific, all of those initiatives are relevant as we look around the globe. We have flavors and versions of all of those same initiatives which I think is contributing to very nice global broad-based strength.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, that's helpful. And then Paul, maybe follow-up on the industrial piece; you guys talked about momentum continuing through the second quarter across all of your end markets. It is still true about half that business is contracted. So you guys have good visibility into the back half of this year. And then just within those end markets and quarter-to-date, are you seeing any signs of weakness among different end markets or any particular concerns you see there?
Paul Donahue: No. And you are correct, Daniel. It is about half of our business is under contract and pleased to say we are not seeing any signs of slowdown in our business segments. And certainly we could call out a few that were continuing to see accelerate as we go into the second half. So yes, industrial is performing incredibly well as you've heard throughout this call.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. I'll leave it there. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Bert Nappier: Thanks Daniel.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's final question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning guys. My first question is just around the outlook for, especially the U.S. NAPA business. Just thinking about the trends and miles driven as gas prices are still very elevated. Do you expect pressure on your business units declining perhaps on a comparable store basis in the U.S. in the back half of the year, as we see some of the moderation and key leading indicators for your business?
Bert Nappier: Hey, Seth its Bert. I'll take that, maybe will have a little will can have a little perspective to add to it as well. But look, I think our guidance assumes that we continue to perform, as Paul said as well in the U.S. auto business. It's a dynamic environment out there. You see gas prices dropping and over the last several weeks. So that's a positive in terms of miles driven. We continue to look at that very closely; miles driven were up a little over 1% in May. Most recent data we've seen. And so I think the underlying fundamentals remain very robust for that market. You got the average age of a car up for the fifth consecutive year. You've got all time, low scrap rates. You have pent-up demand for travel. I think, across the U.S. in terms of people wanting to get out and take vacations. And so I think the underlying fundamental for the marketplace is there to continue to perform well. And our guide reflects that.
Paul Donahue: I would just add on to that Seth. Bert mentioned gasoline is coming down and it's coming down quickly. It's been its down. I think, I heard this morning, $0.17 in the past week. And what we're seeing is an incredibly resilient consumer. We heard from our friends at AAA 88% of travelers over the July 4th weekend, which gasoline was well over $5 a gallon in that timeframe. 88% of travelers were on the road in their vehicles. So as always the automotive aftermarket is incredibly resilient. I think our consumers are pretty resilient. So we're feeling, good about our NAPA business in the second half.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thanks. And then a follow up question on a competitive environment and some of the big competitor’s price investments. You're not seeing any major impact, but as the supply situation improves for WDs, do you expect that change the competitive environment at all?
Bert Nappier: I don't think we do Seth.
Paul Donahue: It remains to be seen Seth, but look I think the improvements we're seeing in our NAPA business, we saw it firsthand last week. We had 15,000 of our NAPA store owners, auto care centers. The positive momentum we have coming out of that conference. The positive momentum that I hear from our teams and our independent owners our NAPA auto care centers are major accounts. Our guys are in a good place. And I expect that to continue in the second half of the year.
Bert Nappier: Seth, I would just, I would also add, I think this is a market where scale really matters. I think we've talked about that before. And so as product comes into the market, I think your scale and your global relationships make a difference. So we feel like that, that's a nice tailwind for us as we move forward.
Seth Basham: Good to hear. Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen I’m showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Paul Donahue: Yes, thanks Roco [ph]. And to, all of our participating analyst out there. Thanks for your questions. Thanks for participating. And look, I’ve just closed with our teams are doing great work. We couldn't be more proud of the results we turned in Q2. And as we look ahead to Q3 and the balance of 2022, we continue to believe GPC is really well positioned with the financial strength to continue to support our growth plan. So listen, thanks again for your interest in GPC. Enjoy your summer, and we'll see you in October. Thanks.
Bert Nappier: Thanks everyone.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I’d now like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President; Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bert Nappier, our EVP and CFO-Elect. As a reminder, today’s conference call and webcast includes a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations’ website. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today’s discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today’s call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its’ businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings, including this morning’s press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now I’ll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As Sid mentioned, we’re happy to have Bert Nappier on the call with us today. Bert joined us on February 28 as CFO-Elect and has been working side by side with Carol to ensure a smooth transition in this key role. Turning to the first quarter, we were pleased with the continued strength and our results to start the year and we’re proud of the great work by all of our 52,000 GPC teammates who are at the core of our success. A few highlights in the quarter include new quarterly sales records for GPC and our automotive and industrial segment, segment margin expansion of 50 basis points, strong double-digit EPS growth and a strengthened balance sheet and strong cash flow. The GPC team is focused on key strategic priorities to sustain accelerated sales growth, improved gross margins and enhanced operational efficiencies in the face of ongoing supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures at levels we haven’t seen in 40 plus years. We also executed on our acquisition strategy and our industrial team made excellent progress on the integration of Kaman Distribution Group. And with the addition of Lausan, which we announced last week, we’ve expanded our automotive footprint in Europe, with the entry into key markets in Spain and Portugal, Europe’s fifth largest market. For the first quarter, total sales were 5.3 billion, a 19% increase from last year. We delivered our 18th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion and our teams drove cost initiatives to enhance productivity and offset inflationary pressures. All in adjusted earnings per share were up 24%, representing our seventh straight quarter of double digit EPS growth. Total sales for global automotive were 3.3 billion for the quarter, and 11% increase from 2021 and representing 62% of total company’s sales. On a comp basis, sales were up 10% driven by low double digit comps in the US and Canada and high single digit sales comps in Europe and Australasia. This sales cadence through the quarter was relatively steady with our strongest performance coming in the month of March with our team’s posting a 30 plus percent increase on a two years stack. Our pricing actions have contributed positively to sales. And we have maintained our gross margins despite mid-single digit inflation for the quarter. As we look ahead, we believe the sales environment continues to support our pricing actions and we expect current levels of inflation to continue through at least the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, our strongest Q1 comps were in North America. In Canada, the continued reopening of the economy drove strong demand, and a 14% increase in total sales, with comp sales up 13%. In the US, total sales were up 14.5%, with comp sales up 12% from last year. These results reflect strengthening trends on our two year stacks for both markets. In the US, sales to both commercial and retail customers were positive, with double-digit commercial sales growth outperforming DIY. In addition, ticket and traffic counts were both positive for the fifth consecutive quarter. Sales were strong across a number of product categories such as brakes, heating and cooling, and chassis. DIY sales continue to trend well above historical growth rates with enhanced in-store merchandising, improved product assortment, and our digital initiatives all driving solid growth. NAPA online continues to be our fastest growing sales channel, up nearly 50% from last year. In addition, our AfterPay payments service, which offers existing and new customers buy now pay later option has been well received by consumers and is driving higher basket sizes. We have launched AfterPay in other global markets and we are excited to see the growth generated from this new service, both online and in-store. The strength in commercial sales was driven by double-digit growth across the majority of our customer segment. Sales to our major account partners, NAPA auto care centers, fleet, government, and other wholesale customers were all strong, driven by the continued strength and demand for commercial repairs and maintenance. Our sales teams were also effective in attracting new business with national and regional accounts, fleets and auto care accounts, so an outstanding job by our teams and strong results across all our commercial accounts. Furthering our commitment to the commercial segment, we are excited to return to the classroom with in-person training for our auto technicians across the industry. NAPA Auto Tech provides industry leading virtual online and classroom training programs as a value added service for over 50,000 technicians each year. We are particularly proud to have more than 2000 new techs in our accredited training program. Our European operations also had a strong start to the year with total sales up 14% and comp sales up 7% from last year. These results reflect solid growth across each of our seven European markets, and are especially impressive given the headwinds of a mild winter across Europe. Our AAG team continues to drive share gains through key account expansion and the continued rollout of NAPA branded products. As announced last week, we expanded our presence into key markets in Spain and Portugal with the addition of Lausan. Lausan is a leading distributor of automotive aftermarket parts based in Bilbao, Spain, with a nationwide footprint including one national distribution center, and nine regional DC servicing over 14,000 customer partners and key account. With our entree into Spain and Portugal, both highly fragmented markets, we expect to further strengthen Lausan’s market-leading position by capitalizing on our European scale and purchasing expertise as well as leveraging our NAPA brand. We welcome the Lausan team to the GPC family and we are excited to work together to maximize the growth opportunities in our European business. In our Asia Pac business, total sales were up 10% from 2021 with comp sales up 8% and the strongest two years sales tax across our automotive operations. This represents a terrific start to 2022, despite the headwinds posed by the COVID outbreak and severe flooding during the quarter. Both commercial and retail sales continue to perform well with growth for the Repco and NAPA brands driven by the increased demand and share gains from accelerated digital strategies and store expansion. With 2022 representing Repco’s 100th anniversary, it’s only fitting the Asia Pac team would have a standout year. So now let’s discuss the Global Industrial segment. Total sales for this group were 2 billion for the quarter, a 34% increase from last year and representing 38% of total GPC sales. On a comp basis, which excludes KDG, sales were up 16%, representing our fourth consecutive quarter of double digit comps, driven primarily by the strong growth in our North American business. The sales cadence strengthened throughout the quarter with March being the strongest of the three months. The strong sales momentum in our industrial business reflects the benefits of our many growth initiatives and continued strength of the industrial economy, as evidenced by the PMI and industrial production indices. PMI has consistently held at expansionary levels of 57 or above every month since October of 2020 and industrial production was up 8% in the first quarter, its strongest year-over-year growth since the fourth quarter of 2020. Our industrial team is executing on its sales programs to accelerate organic growth, and delivered positive sales growth across every major product category and industry served with most up double digits. As mentioned earlier, our industrial team made excellent progress on the integration of KDG. While Will is going to go into greater detail in a few moments, I would summarize by saying that we are on plan in generating expected synergies. Wrapping up our industrial review, our strong first quarter results gives us confidence in our growth plans and pricing actions and we enter the second quarter with strong momentum. We expect continued healthy activity levels across the vast majority of our products and industries. Finally, it’s important to add that we have been busy in 2022 building on our commitment to responsible ESG business practices. Our focus areas in 2022 include formalizing our carbon emission reduction strategy, and establishing reduction targets as well as driving continued progress in DE&I. We will provide additional details and report on our progress in these areas in our 2022 sustainability report later this year.  So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Will. Will?
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I’d like to echo Paul’s comments and thank the global GPC teams for the impressive start to 2022. The teams did a great job during the quarter and built on the strong finish to 2021. As we traveled and visited the global operations during the quarter, the team energy is positive. There’s a strong sense of focus and alignment and it’s encouraging to see the broad base strength across the business. Our discussion centered around performance trends, initiative progress, talent, and finding better ways to serve our customers. Global supply chain and inflation challenges are common topics and all are doing an excellent job to respond. The in-flight strategic initiatives continued to deliver impact. Our foundational priorities are talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, including data and digital, supply chain and emerging technologies. Strategic M&A complements our initiatives.  We added to our talent momentum during the quarter. In addition to Bert joining the team, we welcome Jeff England as EVP, Chief Supply Chain Officer of the US Automotive business. Jeff joins us following an impressive career over nearly two decades at Walmart. He will lead end-to-end supply chain execution for us automotive and brings discipline strategic leadership and relevant expertise. We’re excited to have him on the team. During our travels, we had the chance to meet with the Canadian automotive leadership team in person for the first time in two years. As Paul mentioned, the Canadian economy is showing encouraging signs of strength, as it reopens from prolonged lockdowns and our Canadian team is well-positioned with detailed market-level plans to capture the growth. We also traveled to Australia where we visited locations and performed deep dive initiative reviews. Like Canada, this was the first time in over two years, the extended GPC and Australian leadership team was together in person. GPC Asia Pac continues to capture market share with its differentiated customer value propositions, new store rollouts, and unique digital and brand strategies, all of which are delivering winning profitable growth. We look forward to celebrating the 100th year anniversary with the GPC Asia Pac team later this year. In both Australia and Canada, sales effectiveness initiatives focused on market density, data and analytics, and customer loyalty are proving effective.  Our technology initiatives are building momentum. The teams are gaining positive traction in our efforts across B2B digital, inventory store systems, payments, and workforce management platforms. We continue to invest in diverse engineering talent across the technology organization, and evolve our operating approach to leverage common solutions around the globe. Our supply chain initiatives are advancing well. In the quarter we visited with various US automotive DC leadership teams in the mid Atlantic region, where we walked facilities, assessed operational performance, and thanked the teams. Our US automotive distribution facilities are working hard to process strong demand, despite challenging supply chain and labor dynamics. We also spend time with our industrial business and met with the extended Motion leadership team. We reviewed the successes of our fulfillment center and network optimization effort in Florida. The strategy improved service levels, enhances product depth, and reduces duplicative fixed costs. Similarly, while in Australia, we received an encouraging update on the traction of network and automation investments in New Zealand and Victoria. In each example, our supply chain investments improved the customer experience and enhanced operating productivity. Our emerging technology initiatives made progress in the quarter as well. We hosted our first emerging tech supplier council session with various automotive partners to learn from each other and explore opportunities. We executed various targeted inventory strategies to serve current EV market needs, rolled out marketing efforts, added dedicated emerging tech talent, and advanced numerous emerging tech commercial partnership discussions across Europe, Canada, and the US. M&A bolt on execution continues to be active. We remain focused on adding density to existing priority markets entering complementary strategic geographies and/or adding new product expertise or capabilities. The KDG integration and synergy efforts are ahead of plan. The dedicated integration team is executing a disciplined playbook to deliver value. The feedback from teammates, customers, and vendors continues to be extremely positive. The executive leadership functional and field operating structures are already realigned, and the teams are working well together as one motion team. As an example, the team rebranded the combined fluid power offering to Motion fluid power solutions. Based on Motion’s existing vendor relationships, we onboard over 20 new strategic fluid power supplier relationships, which added 2 million SKUs to our offering, ultimately giving our customers more choice, and our vendor partners and sales teams more opportunity to deliver growth. The team also realigned our automation and robotics business under the Motion AI, or Motion Automation Intelligence brand, which now creates a $500 million leading national automation platform. We are really pleased with the early momentum of the integration efforts and are excited about the value creation outlook. In summary, our travels during the quarter reinforce that our initiatives are well defined, and the teams are focused to execute. Our people care about serving our customers, always impressed with their deep expertise and are energized to deliver results.  Before I turn it over to Carol, I’d like to again acknowledge her amazing career at GPC. Carol, on behalf of the extended team, we thank you for all you’ve done for GPC and for all our GPC stakeholders over the years.  With that, I’ll turn it over to Carol to detail the financials. Carol? 
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Will. And thanks to everyone for joining us today. We’re very pleased with our strong financial performance in the first quarter. As a reminder, our comments this morning primarily focused on our quarterly adjusted results which exclude the transaction and other costs related to the acquisition of Kaman Distribution Group, as outlined in our press release.  Total GPC sales were 5.3 billion in the first quarter, up 830 million or 19% from last year. Our gross margin for the quarter was 34.6%, a 10 basis point improvement compared to the first quarter last year, primarily driven by the positive impact of strategic category management initiatives in areas such as pricing and global sourcing. These gains were partially offset by slight headwinds from supplier incentives, shifts in business mix, foreign currency and the timing of inflation in certain product categories.  Our total operating and non-operating expenses were 1.4 8 billion, up 18% from 2021 and at 27.9% of sales compared to 28.1% of sales last year. Double digit comp sales growth in the first quarter drove SG&A expense leverage, despite the ongoing inflationary pressures in areas such as wages and freight. Our teams are focused on executing our strategic initiatives to further reduce expenses and drive operational efficiencies.  With our strong sales and improvement in gross margin and SG&A, segment profit was 453 million, up 25%, and our segment profit margin was 8.6%, a 50 basis point increase from last year. Our tax rate was 24.5% compared to 23.8% in the first quarter of 2021. With the increase in rate due to several factors, including the impact of prior year gains on the sale of real estate and geographic shifts in income. First quarter adjusted net income was 266 million with adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.86. This compares to 218 million or $1.50 per adjusted diluted share in the prior year, an increase of 24%; really solid work across our global teams to achieve this strong growth in the first quarter. So turning to our first quarter results by segment. Total automotive revenue was 3.3 billion, up 11% from last year. Segment profit was 265 million, up 12% with profit margin at 8.1%, a 10 basis point improvement from 2021 and up 120 basis points from 2019. Our industrial sales were 2 billion in the quarter, up 34% from 2021. Segment profit of 188 million was up a strong 50% from a year ago and profit margin improved to 9.3%, up 100 basis points from 2021 and up 180 basis points from 2019. This margin improvement reflects the benefits of strong sales growth and strategic initiatives in areas such as category management and pricing. In addition, the industrial team is also advancing their plans to gain further operational efficiencies. Both our automotive and industrial teams are doing a tremendous job of managing through a dynamic environment and delivering margin expansion. Through their steady focus on our strategic priorities, we’ve improved our total segment profit margin by 150 basis points from the first quarter of 2019. So now let’s turn our comments to the balance sheet. At March 31, our total accounts receivable was up 18%, including the sale of 200 million in receivables under an accounts receivable sales agreement. Our inventory was up 17% or up 9%, excluding KDG, a function of the sales increase and accounts payable increased 16% from 2021, in line with the increase in inventory. Our AP to inventory ratio of 124% was unchanged from December 31 and the prior year.  Our total debt at March 31 is 3.5 billion, up 900 million or 34% from March of last year, driven by the 1 billion in new public debt related to the KDG acquisition. We closed the first quarter with available liquidity of 2 billion and our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA is two times. This is at the low end of our targeted range of 2 to 2.5 times and supportive of our investment grade rating.  We generated 399 million in cash from operations in the first quarter, which has improved from last year. For the full year we expect cash from operations to be in the 1.5 billion to 1.7 billion range and free cash flow of 1.2 billion to 1.4 billion. We believe our continued strong cash flow and the financial strength and flexibility of our balance sheet support our growth plans and provide for disciplined value creating capital allocation.  Our key priorities for cash remain the reinvestment in our businesses through capital expenditures and M&A and the return of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. For the quarter, capital expenditures totaled 78 million for a broad range of productivity enhancing investments. We also invested 1.4 billion of cash for strategic acquisitions to accelerate growth and while KDG represents most of this investment, we also acquired several automotive store groups across North America. We continue to generate a robust pipeline of additional acquisitions and we remain focused on the successful integration of KDG into Motion. In the first quarter, we also paid 116 million in cash dividends to our shareholders. The company has paid a cash dividend every year since going public in 1928 and the 10% increase for 2022 represents our 66th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. And as part of our share repurchase program, we used 73 million to purchase 570,000 shares in the first quarter. The company is authorized to repurchase up to 11.3 million additional shares and we expect to remain active in this program in the quarters ahead. So turning to our current outlook for 2022, we are raising all full year guidance previously provided in our earnings release on February 17. We expect total sales for 2022 to be in the range of plus 10% to plus 12%, an increase from plus 9% to plus 11%. These growth rates include an estimated 1.5% to 2% headwind from foreign currency translation, and exclude the benefit of any future acquisitions. By business segment, we are guiding to plus 5% to plus 7% total sales growth for the automotive segment, an increase from the plus 4% to plus 6% previously. The new outlook reflects plus 6% to plus 8% comp sales growth, which is up from our previous estimate a plus 5% to plus 7%. For the industrial segment, we are updating our total sales outlook to plus 21% to plus 23%, an increase from our previous outlook of plus 20% to plus 22%. This new outlook includes a plus 5% to plus 7% comp sales increase, which is up from the plus 4% to plus 6% previously. On the earning side, we are raising our guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $7.70 to $7.85, which is up 11% to 14% from 2021. This represents an increase from our previous guidance of $7.45 to $7.60. So while the operating environment remains very dynamic, we’re encouraged by the strength of our first quarter and the continued momentum in our businesses, as we move forward into the second quarter.  To close, as we previously noted, I will be retiring from GPC at the end of May, so this will be my last earnings call as CFO. It’s been a privilege and an honor to work for such an amazing company over the last 30 years and I fully expect the friendships that I’ve made over the years to last a lifetime. I’m proud of the progress we’ve made together and I know that the best days for GPC are yet to come. I could not be more excited for Bert Nappier to start as CFO on May 2. Bert and I have been working hand-in-hand over the last two months traveling to meet with all of our business units and our leaders, as well as spending time with our finance and accounting teams. It was also nice to meet with many of you on our recent visit to New York. I personally enjoyed seeing everyone in person for the first time in two years and I know that Bert found that time extremely beneficial. I’m confident that Bert’s transition to CFO will be smooth and seamless and now he looks forward to working with each of you very soon.  Thank you and I’ll now turn it over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol, another excellent review of our financial performance and fitting that our results were so strong for your last call as CFO. As a reminder to everyone on the call, Carol has had an incredible 30 year career in GPC, serving in nearly every key financial role before being named CFO in 2013. In her nine years of CFO, her leadership and her positive influence on the company’s success has been immeasurable. She has served on our executive leadership team, our investment committee, our cybersecurity committee, and in addition, she has held leadership positions in everything from supply chain and logistics, to real estate and IT, in addition to her financial responsibilities. She has been a valued partner to me and the entire GPC leadership team as well as to our board, and she’ll be greatly missed by all of us. So thank you, Carol, and best wishes to you, to Mike, and your entire family. So in closing, we’re proud of our progress in the first quarter, and the strong results to start the year, delivering a new sales record, continued margin expansion, double-digit earnings growth, a strengthened balance sheet, and strong cash flow highlight our first quarter performance. At the same time, our teams have done a terrific job is integrating KDG into the Motion business. Looking ahead, the increase in our sales and earnings outlook reflects the confidence in our plans for accelerated growth and profitability, as we build on the positive momentum in our automotive and industrial businesses.  While cognizant of the many uncertainties in the global economy, we believe GPC is well positioned with the financial strength and flexibility to support our growth plans and provide for disciplined value creating capital allocation while enhancing shareholder value. We thank you for your interest in GPC and we thank each of our GPC teammates for taking great care of our customers and delivering strong results.  So with that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Kate McShane: Hi, thank you. Good morning. And Carol, thank you, again, and congratulations. Our questions are around the guidance that you raised for the year. We’ve wondered how much of the guidance increase is due to your strong Q1 performance versus maybe what has changed in the outlook for the rest of the year, versus what you were thinking when you first gave guidance? And just has the contribution from inflation changed meaningfully to influence the comp guide?
Carol Yancey: Yeah, thank you for your comments Kate and I’ll talk a little bit about the guidance. So certainly what went into our thinking, the stronger quarter that we had, I mean, really couldn’t be more pleased with both our automotive and industrial teams and the stronger comp sales that they delivered. And so that momentum was continuing on was certainly contemplated in our guidance outlook. And then the inflation number was a bit higher than what we anticipated coming out of Q4, and that was contemplated as well. But really based on what we know now, there’s not a ton of clarity around inflation and you know how volatile that is. But we certainly contemplate it a little bit more on the top line growth and a little bit more on inflation. And, on the earning side, certainly the ability to leverage on that growth and a strong Q1 that we have, we just felt like it was appropriate now to use that range that we have. We certainly hope to do better than that but we thought it was an appropriate range to get right now.
Kate McShane: And just as a follow up question, I think, you know, we’ve seen a bit of a fall off in miles driven given the higher gas prices, but it seems that we still are seeing, as you mentioned, a good degree of momentum in automotive. Can you help reconcile for us why you don’t think miles driven is necessarily having as much of an impact on demand and again, how you see that playing out with the higher gas prices?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I’ll take a shot at that Kate and good morning, welcome to the call. Look, I think, as you look at our tailwinds in the automotive aftermarket, certainly miles driven is a factor we’ve not and unfortunately we don’t get a whole lot of transparency as to where miles driven is trending currently, it usually trails by a couple of months. But given the high gas prices one would assume it is trailing a bit from last year. But when you look at that tailwinds, you’ve got an incredible pent up demand. People want to travel, airfares are incredibly high, so I think you’re going to see folks traveling more both for vacation but I also think that you’re going to see miles driven pickup with folks returning to the workplace. Even though you’ll see a hybrid workforce, I do believe we’ll see a lift there. Used car prices are at all time highs, lack of new car inventory. All of that I believe is going to continue to bode well for the automotive aftermarket. 
Kate McShane: Thank you. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. And Carol, I’ll add my voice to the thanks for everything over the years.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Greg.
Greg Melich: I guess I have two questions. One for you, Carolyn, I’d start is what comp now do you think you need the lever? Given the broader cost inflation like you talked about mid-single digits in the top line, what do you need to lever now getting comp?
Carol Yancey: Yeah, look, and again, as we have contemplated, when you look at what we’re contemplating for the full year, moving comps of 6% to 8% for automotive and 5% to 7% for industrial, we were pleased to take those comps, up 100 BPs. We also are going into the year with greater operating margin improvement, again contemplated in our guidance and in part based on the stronger results in Q1. So we are certainly comping just fine at those levels but at the same time, this is an inflationary environment that we’ve never seen before and so we’re being very mindful on what we’re seeing in terms of inflation and our product inflation and our costs. But we do know when we look at our numbers and our cost structure that we still have permanently lowered our cost structure going back to 2019. So the in the range of the 3% to 4%, we certainly can see operating margin improvement there with all the actions that we’ve taken.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then maybe, I don’t know Paul or Will, if you want to take this, you’ve mentioned some pretty interesting initiatives in terms of expanding and accelerating growth. I guess I’d love to follow up particularly on the AfterPay. Could you take us as to how big that is and what that program actually entails for both pros or DIY customers? And then Will you talked about adding the SKUs, which I thought was the 2 million SKUs. I thought that was interesting, just some more color on that.
Will Stengel: Yeah. So on the AfterPay, it is certainly early days, Greg. It’s not a material part of the business but the trends that we’re seeing in our pilots are very encouraging. It is predominantly DIY today with applications for do it for me in the future. One of the things that we’ve done recently is rolled that out online, and we’re seeing an encouraging trend there. So it’s early days, but something that we’re excited about as it relates to acquiring new customers and driving average order value, which is typically higher than what we’ve seen in our core business.  On the supplier side, you know, I think this was a fundamental thesis that we had, when we acquired KDG, the relationship that’s been the supplier and customer base for that matter in the community that Motion has, with that type of transaction, it created a lot of great productive commercial discussions with all of our vendors. And so we called out the fluid power example as one of them but I would say that the discussions that the Motion team is having with its vendor base now with Kaman as part of the family is incredibly encouraging, including the access to new products, new growth segments, etc. So consistent with what we’ve taught before we bought the business, I am really encouraged to see that initiative taking hold. Just as a reminder, it’s only 100 days in on KDG, so again, early days but encouraging trends in the business.
Greg Melich: Got it. And in my last one, flow got little stronger in the quarter in North America but DIY is still positive. How does that look as you go into the second quarter, especially given the bizarre comps that you’re seeing, particularly in DIY now?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I’ll take a shot at that, Greg. You mentioned the DIFM comps so up strong-double digits and we’re seeing it across the entire commercial segment from major accounts to auto care to fleet. We’re seeing it across our entire business. DIY is holding up okay. I mean we’re seeing high single digit. Our strength, Greg, is always going to be on the DIFM side and that’s a good 80% of our overall business. For us to generate high single digit numbers in DIY, add to reflect and I think on all the good work our teams are doing in the stores. And look, with inflation that could very well drive people back into the stores attempting to do more DIY type projects. I don’t think the general population is going to get real proficient at changing out their own brakes, but certainly more basic type projects, car care products, I think, will continue to see a good lift in the back half of the year. So yeah, we’re very, very pleased at the mix and anticipate it continuing through the back half of the year. 
Greg Melich: That’s great. Good luck. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan, please go ahead.
ChrisHorvers: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And congratulations, again, Carol, on your retirements. By the time that you depart, we might have spring in the United States, so good news ahead. Maybe starting on the industrial side of the business, you talked about the acceleration in March in the US -- and sorry, and in the quarter. Can you talk about what industries are you seeing the most acceleration? And, obviously, energy and ag, there’s a lot of optimism around those sub sectors, given all the inflation that’s going on in those industries. Can you remind us how significant that is for you and to what extent are you seeing improvements in those sub sectors?
Paul Donahue: So as I mentioned in my comments, upfront, Chris, the increases we’re seeing are across the board, and in all the segments that we track, we’re seeing really strong double digit with the exception of two and those two are up mid to high single digit. So you called out oil and gas, we’re seeing huge increases in that segment. Not a huge segment for us but I can tell you, the increase is significant. We’re also seeing good increases, solid increases in segments like aggregate, cement, conveyance logistics products, which really points to the strength and expansion we’re seeing in distribution centers around the country; equipment and machinery, which is our single largest segment, again, really, really strong growth in the quarter. So really, it’s broad based and across almost every segment that that we track.
ChrisHorvers: Got it. And then on the US NAPA business in March, an acceleration is pretty impressive considering we are lapping stimulus from a year ago, and to the point on maybe some late spring impact on DIY. So, can you diagnose maybe what helped that acceleration to the extent that it was pro versus DIY? Was it an acceleration on the inflation front? And then was there much difference in terms of the trend in the quarter between company-operated stores and independence?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I’ll take the last part first, Chris. Not much difference at all, as we’ve seen in recent quarters between our good solid independent owners and our company stores both performed very, very well in the quarter. And as mentioned, we finished strong we had a record sales month in the month of March, but we were up double digit, January, February and March. And you called weather, Chris; the weather has not really been our friend in Q1, certainly not in April with, as you mentioned, snow storms across the upper Midwest and Northeast. I mean, we’re ready to get into spring and get into the ag business, depends on getting out in the field. So weather has not been a positive for us. DIFM versus DIY, I mentioned in an earlier call, strong, strong double digit growth in our core, which is DIFM and that’s across the entire segment. That’s major accounts, fleet, auto care, really pleased to see the surge in our auto care segment; that’s a great call out for us. But DIY continues to be up high single digit and, again, I think that’s evident of the good work that our folks are doing in our stores with a number of initiatives from improved assortments, enhanced store hours, better training, and better in stock availability, so really broad base across the entire NAPA team are all doing well.
Carol Yancey: And Chris, I would just comment, everything that Paul just said it really was very insignificant in terms of inflationary impact for March, you’re talking about a point or two, Paul said, mid-single digit inflation, we were certainly a bit higher than that in US automotive, but the bulk of it is just all the market initiatives and the growth and really the inflation impact for March specific is really just a point or so, so not significant.
ChrisHorvers: Got it. Thank you very much. 
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: The next question is from Liz Suzuki with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So given the pervasiveness of concern in the investment community about a potential recession in the next 12 to 24 months, and then comparing that to the strength you’ve experienced in your business, is there anything that you’re seeing in the leading indicators that you track that give you any pause in your outlook for the remainder of the year, maybe a degree of conservatism baked into that raise outlook, just given the uncertainty around potential recession or economic slowdown?
Paul Donahue: Look, Liz, great question. And certainly, as excited as we are, about our Q1 performance, and how our teams performed really all of 2021 and throughout Q1. We’ve fully realize the environment we’re operating in could get more challenging in the latter part of the year; not as concerned in the US, I think we’ll be fine, industrial remains strong. And I would tell you that our outlook for the balance of the year, we worked really, really hard, and looked at all the factors and we think our guidance for the balance of the year is very prudent.
Liz Suzuki: Great. And just one follow-up about international expansion, I mean, you guys have been adding new markets to your addressable market for the last -- for several decades and adding a couple of new markets even every couple of years. So are there still -- is there still some low hanging fruit that you see out there, markets where you haven’t entered that seemed like they would make sense as adjacencies to your current business or new regions to enter that you think have the same types of either vehicle dynamics or on the industrial side have similar economic backgrounds as regions where you’re already operating?
Paul Donahue: So, Liz, I would mention our latest acquisition of Lausan who’s a market leader in Spain and Portugal. That’ll be our eighth and ninth country that we’ve expanded into in Europe and Lausan is just as you -- or Spain is just as you described, it’s a great adjacency to our current markets, fifth largest market in Europe, 35 million vehicles, average age 11 plus years, it’s very under penetrated. We think we’ve got a real opportunity with a great team on the ground in Spain and Portugal to be a first mover in that part of the world. So that’s an exciting move for us.  As we look at, you mentioned industrial, Liz, look, we are incredibly bullish, as we’ve said in these calls before about our industrial business and I think that was borne out in our big acquisition of Kaman in early January. Still plenty of opportunities for our industrial business and continuing to expand. We’ve got arguably less than 5% market share in the MRO space. We’d love the robotics, the automation business. I could certainly see us continuing to expand in those categories. But I can say the same about all of our businesses, Liz. We have less than 10% market share in every business, in every part of the world that we operate in, including our North American automotive business. So yeah, lots of opportunities going forward and we’re cautiously optimistic about the balance of the year.
Liz Suzuki: Great, thanks very much. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys. 
Paul Donahue: Hey, Bret. 
Bret Jordan: And congratulations, Carol, again. 
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Bret. 
Bret Jordan: On the 12% comp in the US, did you talk about what’s your feelings around share gain were in that number? How do you see the underlying market in the first quarter? And then did you see anything, I guess, relative to pure price dynamics? Is anything other more or less competitive in the US auto market?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Bret, being the first one out of the big four to report, it’s hard to say how the others will line up. We’re very, very pleased with our performance in Q1. And if there is any market share gains, my guess is that it perhaps is coming from some of the smaller regional players. But again, until we see the balance of the big four report out, it’d be hard to pinpoint that exactly. In terms of pricing dynamics, Brat, I’m really pleased to tell you that it remains very rational as the automotive aftermarket has for many, many years. Certainly, we’re seeing price increases across all the major categories. But it has remained very, very rational across the industry.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question on Europe, could you talk about the cadence of Europe? And obviously a lot of change in Eastern Europe since late February, but is that showing any impacts in Western European demand dynamic? And then just a housekeeping, you talked about the NAPA brand expansion ongoing there, could you talk about what percentage of European sales are in NAPA branded mix?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, let me take the first part of your question, Bret, in terms of the cadence, again, we had a very good quarter. Well, we had a very good quarter following up on a very good year in 2021 in Europe. So our total sales up 14%, our comps were up 7% in Q1, so very pleased with the performance. As I mentioned earlier, as good as we feel about Q1, we also fully realize that given all of the factors that are occurring in Europe, it could get more challenging in the final three quarters, but I would tell you that our teams are planning accordingly. And, if there’s one thing that we learned, Bret, during the downturn and the pandemic, our teams are very agile, they can turn very quickly and if we do see a downturn in the business, we’ll be ready to pull all the levers to ensure we deliver on the bottom line.  And then the second part of your question, Brat, regarding the NAPA brand, it’s hard to say exactly, but I would tell you, we’re at a point now it’s less than 10% of our overall European business. We launched initially in the UK, it’s more widespread there. And it’s more expansive across a variety of product categories. We have since launched in the Benelux, Germany, France and we’re kind of taking a product category by product category. So we’ve got tremendous upside and many more opportunities to come in. And ultimately now we will launch the NAPA brand as we expand across Spain and Portugal as well. 
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you. 
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome. Thank you, Bret.
Operator: The next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. I’m sure Carol is ready to enjoy her long delayed vacation. Two questions, one on each segment of the business. First, given continuing supply chain challenges, have you seen any signs that companies are trying to increase their domestic production activity? Obviously, that’d be bullish for Motion, if so, and then on the auto business, just given the amount of inflation that’s flowing through both the economy and your own product costs, Paul, have you seen any resistance at all to the higher price points meaning, any kind of demand destruction even if it’s in a small minor category?
Paul Donahue: Go ahead, Will. Will will take the first question.
Will Stengel: I’ll take your first question. Absolutely, we’re seeing that. I would say that discussions with the vendor community are more active than they ever have been on the re-shoring concept. So as you alluded to, that’s incredibly bullish for the Motion business over the medium term. I think the global supply chain and the complexities and some of the challenges that everybody’s been working through over the last couple years make it very logical for that manufacturing activity to come back to North America. So we’re bullish about it and we’ll seize that opportunity as it develops.
Paul Donahue: And then related to your second question, Scott, on automotive, and the higher price points are we seeing consumers trade down; we didn’t see much of it in Q1, I think as evidenced by our strong 12% comp increase, it was strong across just about every product category. But I would tell you with our good better breath -- best strategy we’re well prepared, if we do see consumers begin to trade down to the value lines and we’ve seen that in the past when times get tough, they will trade down. But I would tell you, we did not see much of that in Q1.
Scot Ciccarelli: Excellent. Thanks, guys. 
Paul Donahue: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Imbro of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yep. Thanks so much, Carol. I have my congratulations and congrats on the first quarter, guys, on the results. 
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Daniel Imbro: I wanted to start on the on the industrial piece. Growth was robust, Paul, and with it came some margin leverage. Are you able to disaggregate out of the 1Q margin leverage how much was from any vendor volume rebates versus how much was core sustainable cost removal, just as we model headline growth slowing over time, trying to see how much of that maybe the vendor rebates go away to the back half of this year into next year. Thanks.
Carol Yancey: Yeah, so on the industrial side, again, the Motion comps were 16% in the quarter, and that is just tremendous operating results. And when you get that kind of comp growth, the leverage on SG&A was extremely impressive. And then on the gross margin side, they’ve done a tremendous job. I mean, they’ve got a long track record of initiatives on the gross margin side, both pricing and category management. And with looking at their improvement in their operating margin, and again, the strong 100 BPs, that’s coming about equally from gross margin and SG&A. The vendor incentives, it certainly is moving in line with what the comps are but it’s incremental dollars, but it’s not necessarily giving us the bump on the rate. So really just strong operating, both on gross margin initiatives on the leverage on the SG&A, and, again, just a tremendous job by the industrial teams. And we certainly are pleased, we don’t have any reason to suspect that that doesn’t continue as we look ahead, because we’ve got full year operating margin implied for them as we look ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. And then maybe one for Will, as I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about bringing in some external talent to lead the supply chain, kind of optimize that. I’m curious as to what drove that decision? Are there particular inefficiencies that you guys were really struggling to address on the supply chain or what made you or why is now the right time to accelerate that investment with external talent you brought in? Thanks. 
Will Stengel: Well, yeah, listen, we’re always looking to add great talent and expertise to the organization. And I would say, we’ve been pretty clear that supply chain technology, our foundational priorities around those elements are clear and talent helps us get there, so nothing to read into it other than we’re adding great folks to the team, and we’re looking forward to build on our momentum.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Daniel.
Operator: We have time for one more question from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Let me add my congratulations to Carol. I just have a follow up question for you. You talked about the rational pricing environments in the US auto segment. But have you seen any indication of relative price investments from any of your peers who have talked about doing that in the commercial side?
Paul Donahue: We have not, Seth, and look we’re all attuned to that, given the discussions of a couple of months ago, the team here, Will and I and Carol, and Bert, we spent half a day with our US automotive team, the entire leadership team. And trust me, that was a focal point for us. And I can assure you that we’re not seeing it out there. Might have come here in the second half of the year, perhaps, but we certainly didn’t see it in Q1. 
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay, helpful. And one last follow up, regarding KDG integration, did you see any margin accretion in the industrial segment for addition of that business this quarter or was the margin improvement driven by the other factors that you mentioned?
Carol Yancey: Yeah, look, we’re going to stay pretty consistent what we talked about at our February call, and also in December with KDG. We certainly -- it’s not -- the contribution of the operating margin improvement was really coming from the core Motion business. Having said that, really pleased with the early execution of the integration and what we’re seeing there is we get to the fully synergize model, it is definitely accretive to the industrial margins but we’re still a bit early on that. So again, the strong comp growth is really what drove the 100 basis point proven and operating margin. But again, KDG performed well in the quarter, they had a similar grid quarter. The teams are really integrated. We spent some time with them. So as we look ahead, we know that we’re going to be at our targets that we talked about, and hopefully be a bit early on the synergies.
Seth Basham: Wonderful, thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Seth.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank all of you for participating in our Q1 conference call. We appreciate your support. And personally, I appreciate all of your support and your kind remarks today. And the company looks forward to discussing the Q2 results with you in July. Thanks again.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, today's conference call and webcast includes a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations website. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its’ businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The GPC team finished the year with a strong fourth quarter, further building on the positive momentum of the first nine months of 2021. We are proud of our progress through the year and thankful to our 52,000 teammates for their hard work and ongoing commitment to excellence. With a tailwind of strong industry fundamentals, we executed on our key strategic priorities to accelerate sales, improved gross margin and enhanced operational efficiencies, which resulted in double-digit sales and earnings growth for both the quarter and full year. Our earnings growth and continued focus on working capital improvements also helped us to deliver strong cash flow. So just a tremendous effort by our global teams. They were laser-focused throughout the year and successfully navigated the ongoing challenges of the global supply chain, COVID disruptions and inflationary pressures. In early January, we successfully closed on our acquisition of Kaman Distribution Group, an industrial distributor of power transmission, automation and fluid power solutions. We are integrating this highly synergistic acquisition into our Motion business to enhance our scale and further strengthen our market-leading position. We are pleased to welcome the Kaman team to GPC and we look forward to creating significant shareholder value as a premier leader in industrial solutions. Turning to our fourth quarter financial results. Total sales were $4.8 billion, a 13% increase from last year with broad strength across all our businesses. We delivered our 17th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion and our teams drove cost initiatives to enhance productivity and offset inflationary pressures. These efforts led to an 18% increase in the quarter in adjusted earnings per share. Total sales for the Global Automotive Group were $3.2 billion for the quarter, a 13% increase from 2020. On a comp basis, sales were up 11% from 2020 with our U.S. business posting the strongest year-over-year comps and each of our international operations achieving high single-digit sales comp. In addition, we experienced a steady sales cadence throughout the quarter with double-digit total sales increases in all three months. The ongoing economic recovery has led to strong customer demand. Improving miles driven, delays of new car production and rising used car prices are keeping more cars on the road longer, generating increased repairs and maintenance. Our strategic growth initiatives are proving effective as well. We continue to work closely with global suppliers to manage through product delays and logistical challenges to improve inventory availability. Additionally, our pricing actions have contributed positively to sales and maintain margins throughout the inflationary environment in the latter half of 2021. In the fourth quarter, we also added 130,000 SKUs to our e-catalog with the integration of Auto Accessories Garage. We were also pleased to expand our global store footprint with the addition of several bolt-on acquisitions. In total, we added more than 50 net new stores across our network, with most of these coming in the fourth quarter. Finally, as we look ahead to April, we are excited for the launch of the new AAA-branded premium battery. This battery will be available to all consumers with a focus on the 62 million AAA cardholders and 5,400 approved auto repair centers. Looking next, at our Automotive highlights by region. Total U.S. sales were up 15%, with comp sales up 13% from last year. In Canada, total sales were up 11% with comp sales up 9% from 2020. The growth in Canada was much improved from the third quarter as the easing of lockdowns drove strong demand throughout the end of the year. In the U.S., sales to both commercial and retail customers were up double-digits, with positive ticket and traffic counts for the fourth consecutive quarter. Likewise, sales were strong across a broad range of products with categories such as chassis, exhaust, brakes and ride control all outperforming. Our DIY business remains strong, trending well above historical growth rates for the past several quarters. While initially driven by the increase in DIY demand due to COVID, we have sustained that growth through a number of initiatives, including enhanced in-store merchandising, training and development, and the continued rollout of customer services such as AfterPay, which offers existing and new customers buy now, pay later option. This program is in 1,200 stores today and currently available for all online purchases. NAPA online B2C sales continue to be our fastest-growing sales channel, up over 40% in Q4 and 53% for the full year, a 3x increase from our 2019 volume. The strength in commercial sales was driven by high-teen growth to our major account partners and sales to our NAPA AutoCare Center customers were up low-teens. The surge in members continued through the fourth quarter, and we ended the year with nearly 18,000 NAPA AutoCare Centers, an increase of over 800 shops from 2020. Rounding out our commercial segments. Fleet, government and other wholesale customers posted low double-digit sales growth for the quarter, so strong results across all our commercial accounts. In Europe, our AAG team continued to perform well with total sales up 14% and comp sales up 7% from last year. Our team delivered solid results across each of our seven markets, with the UK and Benelux each posting 20%-plus growth. Our teams on the ground continue to expand our market share across all important key account segment as well as accelerating the rollout of NAPA-branded products. In addition, we are pleased to report our 2021 acquisitions of Winparts, an online provider of parts and accessories; and J&S, a multi-store operation based in Ireland, both are performing above expectations. In our Asia Pac business, total sales were up 11% from 2020, with comp sales up 9% from last year and up a strong 25% on a two-year stack. Both commercial and retail sales continue to perform well, with growth for the Repco and NAPA brands driven by accelerated digital strategy, NAPA store expansion and the Q4 reopening of key metro markets. So now, let's discuss the Global Industrial segment. Total sales for this group were $1.6 billion for the quarter, a 13% increase from last year, with comp sales up 12% from 2020. This is our third consecutive quarter of double-digit comps for this segment, driven by strong growth in both our North American and Australasian industrial businesses. The sales cadence was consistent through the quarter with double-digit sales growth in all three months. The continued improvement in our Industrial sales trends reflects the benefits of our growth initiatives and ongoing strength of the industrial economy. Our Industrial team delivered positive sales growth across virtually all major product categories and industries we serve, including double-digit increases in the majority of our industry groups. These include sectors such as equipment and machinery, iron and steel, automotive and aggregate and cement, among others. Our Industrial team continues to execute several initiatives to drive profitable growth. Our omnichannel build-outs of accelerated e-commerce growth and is driving sales with new customers. We are encouraged by the incremental sales for our inside sales center and on motion.com. We have expanded our industrial services and value-add solutions capabilities in areas such as equipment repair, conveyance and automation. And our enhanced strategy to compete in a dynamic pricing environment provides us a competitive advantage while also helping us offset inflationary pressures. Our Motion team made tremendous progress with these initiatives in the quarter and the year, and we expect to make further progress again in 2022. In addition, we continue to look for strategic M&A opportunities to further boost our products and services offerings and expand our footprint. The added scale, presence and capabilities through the KDG acquisition is a great example, checking several boxes with its core power transmission and bearings business, and automation and fluid power industrial services and solutions. KDG's highly complementary growth and productivity strategies, product offering, and value-added services provide tremendous synergies and growth prospects. Our Motion team is actively bringing together the world-class talent and industrial expertise of these two organizations to build an even stronger business. In 2021, we remain focused on the positive impact of sustainable business practices. We updated our 2021 sustainability report, highlighting our progress in promoting diversity, equity and inclusion, and reducing the environmental impact of our operations. Today, we are in process of measuring our global emissions and building a strategy for targeted improvement. We will be sharing additional highlights as we move through 2022. Finally, as most of you are probably aware, we announced last month that Carol will be retiring in May after an exceptional 30-year career. As our CFO for the pastnine years, Carol's leadership and countless contributions were integral to the significant growth and strong financial performance of the company. She will be greatly missed by all of us. We were pleased to announce that Bert Nappier will be stepping in as our next CFO. Bert is a strategic financial executive with a diverse background spanning 25 years, including the past 16 years with FedEx serving most recently as EVP Finance and Treasurer. Bert has also served as President of FedEx Express Europe and CEO of TNT Express. We are confident Bert's strong financial background along with his extensive international experience will make him a great addition to the GPC team. Carol and Bert will work together over the next few months to ensure an orderly and seamless transition. Carol will be with us for our first quarter earnings call in April, and Bert will join us on the call as well. We look forward to introducing Bert to all of you in the months ahead. Now I'll turn the call over to Will. Will?
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. As we reflect on 2021 and pivot to 2022, I'd like to reiterate Paul's comments and thank the global GPC teams for an amazing performance in 2021. Passion for our customers, a team approach and relentless hard work translated into impressive results. We're incredibly proud of the entire GPC team. We also want to thank our strategic suppliers who closely partner with us in a challenging environment. As we discussed entering 2021, we wanted to catapult out of 2020 to deliver a great year. We're proud that each of our global business units delivered exceeding initiative and annual financial commitment in 2021. Our strong global performance is a great example of the power of one GPC team. When we focus on key priorities and collectively execute as a team. We enter 2021 with a clear strategy and focused business mix. Across the company, we identified strategic initiatives to further simplify and integrate our operations. We do this to enable a better customer experience and move at a faster, more efficient team pace. Our 2021 plans are part of a strategic vision that extends our leadership positions in attractive, highly fragmented markets. As part of our vision, our foundational priorities remain talent and culture, sales effectiveness, technology, including data and digital, supply chain and emerging technologies. Each business unit and functional teams are executing multiyear plans across these pillars. As Paul highlighted, 2021 offered numerous examples of great progress. Progress to simplify include our action to optimize facility footprints, realign team structures, offshore field support activities, reduce IT system complexity, streamline back-office processes, leverage shared global vendor relationships and centralized indirect sourcing activities to name a few. In each example, we reduced cost, increased efficiency and better positioned our business to scale growth. Our One GPC team approach enables us to leverage GPC's scale and create value together. As we simplify our customer experience continues to be at the center of our daily action, we continue to listen, understand and act. As an example, the US Automotive team revamped our Voice of Customer Program to create more actionable data-backed customer feedback. We've seen a 40% reduction in customer issue tickets, 50% reduction in time to resolution and 90% reduction in unresolved issues. Our long-term success starts first with talent and culture, attracting and promoting talent to lead high-performing diverse teams. We made impressive progress in 2021. A few examples include the addition of merchandising and supply chain leadership at US Automotive, technology leadership in North America Automotive, field leadership and sales promotions in North America Industrial and executive leadership promotions in Australia and Europe. Despite the challenging talent environment, we believe our recent progress supports the differentiated and inclusive employee value proposition GPC offers. As an example, in our Atlanta headquarter office, over 60% of our current teammates represent diverse talent and 75% of our new hires in 2021 represented diverse teammates. We are committed to our GPC culture advantage. Our sales effectiveness initiatives delivered exciting wins in 2021 as the teams achieved broad-based profitable growth. We make sure we adjust our resources and strategies to serve our customer segments profitably and efficiently. Examples of our actions include inside sales coverage, corporate account disciplines, digital marketing strategies, strategic promotional activities and feet on the street to name a few. We complement these selling efforts with data-backed pricing and sourcing initiatives to ensure we deliver profitable growth. Technology enables this disciplined approach to sales excellence. Our technology initiatives also delivered returns in 2021. In North America Automotive, we made progress across digital, store systems, supply chain and data platform initiatives. Examples include; enhancements for competitive pricing intelligence, customer relationship management tools, product catalog and site search, and customer-specific system integrations. We accelerated third-party technology partners that offer faster path to delivering new capabilities and impact. We also made good progress to standardize and simplify our foundational tech infrastructure. These investments support a seamless omnichannel customer experience and are enabling above-average growth across all our digital channels. We also made progress with supply chain initiatives. The challenging global supply chain reinforced our focus on operational productivity investments. Our investments in supply chain talent, inventory, technology, labor and freight productivity, facility automation and network optimization are gaining traction. Our focus on emerging technology accelerated in 2021 with talent, analytics, strategic planning and global teamwork. Examples of progress include commercial partnerships with emerging technology companies such as Arrival and Wallbox, focused partnerships with key strategic suppliers and merchandising strategies for existing EV repair needs, to name just a few. M&A execution was also active in 2021. We completed various U.S. automotive and international bolt-ons that extend leadership positions in key local markets. We closed the year with the announcement of the KDG acquisition, which extends the market-leading position of our North American industrial platform. As Paul mentioned, the integration efforts are well underway and we remain bullish on the outlook for the combined business and the synergy plans. As we pivot to 2022, we have the same level of focus. Our 2022 priorities remain unchanged, as we look to continue the momentum. The global GPC teams have a strong resolve to take on uncontrollable challenges. And we're confident in our ability to continue to remain agile and earn success. Before I turn it over to Carol, I'd like to acknowledge her amazing career at GPC. Carol, on behalf of the extended team, we appreciate all you have done for GPC and for all our GPC stakeholders over the years. With that, I'll turn it over to Carol to detail the financials. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. We're very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. As a reminder, our comments this morning primarily focus on quarterly and full year adjusted results from continuing operations, which excludes the unusual items outlined in our press release. Recapping revenues, total GPC sales were $4.8 billion in the fourth quarter, up 13% from 2020. For the full year, sales were $18.9 billion, up 14%. Our gross margin for the quarter was 35.3%, a 30 basis point improvement compared to the fourth quarter last year. For the year, gross margin improved 70 basis points to 35.2% versus last year. For the quarter and the full year, our improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by the increase in supplier incentives due to strong sales volumes and the ongoing positive impact of strategic category management initiatives. Our total operating and non-operating expenses were $1.36 billion in the fourth quarter, up 14% from 2020 and at 28% of sales. For the year, these expenses are $5.31 billion, up 13% and also at 28% of sales. The increase in expenses for the quarter and the full year primarily reflect the increase in variable costs on our strong sales growth, including the impact of higher incentive compensation. In addition, we experienced inflationary cost pressures in areas such as base wages, freight and health insurance. And finally, our prior year results included benefits of temporary savings related to the pandemic. Our permanent cost savings achieved in 2020 helped to offset rising costs and difficult year-over-year comparisons. And as we've shared today and throughout the year, we continue to execute on our strategic initiatives to further reduce our expenses and to improve our operational efficiencies. This will be important in managing through the continuing inflationary pressures on costs in 2022. Our segment profit in the fourth quarter was $420 million, up 12% and our segment profit margin was 8.7% compared to 8.8% last year. This slight decline was expected and primarily reflects the impact of prior year temporary savings and the year-over-year increase in incentive compensation. Our 8.7% margin reflects a 100 basis point improvement from 2019. For the full year, segment profit was $1.7 billion, up 24% on a 14% sales increase and our segment profit margin was 8.8% compared to 8.2% last year, a 60 basis point increase from 2020 and 100 basis points from 2019. This represents our strongest full year segment profit margin since 2000. So we're very pleased with the improvement in margin and the tremendous work by our teams. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 23.6% compared to 25.1% in the fourth quarter of 2020, with the decrease in rate primarily related to a geographic shift in income. For the year, our tax rate was 24.9% compared to 24.5% in the prior year and primarily due to the increase in certain international tax rates throughout the year. Fourth quarter net income from continuing operations on both a reported and adjusted basis was $256 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.79. This compares to $221 million or $1.52 per adjusted diluted share in the prior year or an 18% increase. For the full year, reported net income was $899 million or $6.23 per share, and adjusted net income was $997 million or $6.91 per share, a 31% increase from 2020. So now turning to our fourth quarter results by segment. Total Automotive revenue was $3.2 billion, up 13% from last year. Our segment profit increased 11% to $266 million, with profit margin at 8.3%. While down 20 basis points from 2020 due to higher incentive compensation and the prior year benefit of temporary savings, this represents a 110 basis point margin improvement over 2019 and reflects the strong underlying progress in our operations. For the year, profit margin was 8.6% up 60 basis points from 2020 and up 100 basis points from 2019. Our Industrial sales were $1.6 billion in the quarter, up 13% from 2020. Our segment profit of $154 million was up 15% from a year ago, and profit margin improved to a strong 9.5%, up 20 basis points from 2020 and up 90 basis points from 2019. For the full year, profit margin for this segment is 9.4%, up 90 basis points from 2020 and up 130 basis points from 2019. So now let's turn our comments to the balance sheet. At December 31, our total accounts receivable were up 15%, primarily due to the increase in sales and we remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory was up 11%, a function of the sales increase and our commitment to having the right parts in the right place at the right time. Accounts payable increased 16% from 2020 due to the increase in inventory and extended payment terms with our global suppliers. Our AP-to-inventory ratio improved to 124% from 118% in the prior year. Our total debt at December 31 is $2.4 billion, down 10% from December of 2020. We closed the fourth quarter with available liquidity of $2.2 billion, and our debt to adjusted EBITDA improved to 1.4 times from 1.9 times in 2020. In early January this year, we issued $1 billion in new public debt in connection with the KDG acquisition. This consisted of a three-year $500 million bond at a 1.75% interest rate and 10-year $500 million bonds at a 2.75% rate. This raises our total debt to approximately $3.4 billion and our forecasted debt-to-EBITDA to 1.8 times, which is well within our targeted range and maintains our investment-grade rating. We generated $250 million in cash from operations in the fourth quarter, and our earnings growth and working capital drove $1.3 billion in cash from operations for the full year. Our free cash flow was $992 million. For the year, capital expenditures totaled $266 million for a broad range of investments such as supply chain projects at our distribution centers, including automation and other equipment for added efficiencies, digital initiatives and IT systems and software development. We will continue to reinvest in our business to drive organic growth and to improve the productivity in our operations in 2022. We also invested $284 million of cash for strategic acquisitions to accelerate growth. These investments primarily consisted of various automotive store groups across our geographies as well as online and Internet businesses, which provides us with expanded market coverage and a high return on investment. We continue to generate a robust pipeline of additional strategic and bolt-on acquisitions in both the Automotive and Industrial segments, and we look forward to the benefits of the Kaman Distribution acquisition. The company has paid a cash dividend to shareholders every year since going public in 1948. And in 2021, we paid total cash dividends of approximately $466 million. Earlier this week, our Board approved a $3.58 per share annual dividend for 2022, representing our 66th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. This represents a 10% increase from the $3.26 per share paid in 2021. Additionally, we have an active share buyback program dating back to 1994. In the fourth quarter, we used $50 million to purchase 400,000 shares. And for the year, we used $334 million to purchase 2.6 million shares. As of December 31, we were authorized to repurchase up to 11.9 million shares, and we continue to be active in this program in 2022. So turning to our outlook for 2022. We expect total sales for 2022 to be in the range of plus 9% to plus 11%. These growth rates include an estimated 2% headwind from foreign currency translation and exclude the benefit of any future acquisitions. By business, we are guiding to plus 4% to plus 6% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, including plus 5% to plus 7% comp sales growth which is before the impact of acquisitions and FX. And a total sales increase of plus 20% to plus 22% for the Industrial segment which includes the addition of KDG and a 4% to 6% comp sales increase. On the earnings side, we currently expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.45 to $7.60 and this represents an 8% to 10% increase compared to our adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2021. So that's my financial update. And throughout the quarter and full year, our teams were focused on driving strong sales, improved margins, exceptional cash flow, and they delivered on every count. We're thankful for all the great work by our teammates. And as we move forward in the new year, there is tremendous momentum in our businesses. We look forward to reporting on our first quarter 2022 performance in April. As Paul mentioned earlier, the April earnings call will be my last as CFO. It was a difficult decision to retire from the company that I love, but the timing was right, and we're in capable hands with a talented team in place to support Bert. He is well qualified and his experience and skills make him the right person to serve as our next CFO. I'm excited to work with Bert over the next few months to ensure a smooth transition. Thank you and I'll now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. With the fourth quarter now behind us, we can safely say that 2021 was an exceptional year for GPC. Throughout the year, our team focused on advancing the strategic priorities for our global Automotive and industrial businesses. With the backdrop of our multiyear portfolio optimization strategy, the economic recovery and strong industry fundamentals, we generated double-digit sales and earnings growth and significantly improved our profit margin. We are proud of our strong financial performance and the many accomplishments of the GPC team. Our results drove strong cash flow, which further supported our balance sheet strength. Our capital allocation priorities continue to be investing for enhanced productivity and growth through capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases. In total, we were pleased to effectively deploy $1.35 billion for these key priorities in 2021. So now turning to 2022, we are confident in our plans for accelerated growth and profitability as we build on the underlying momentum in both our Automotive and Industrial operations, and realize the benefits from our acquisition of KDG. We are well positioned with the financial strength and flexibility to support our growth plans and provide for disciplined, value-creating capital allocation, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you. We thank you for your interest in and support of GPC, and we thank each of our GPC teammates for taking great care of our customers and delivering a terrific year for GPC. So with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist Securities. Please go ahead, sir.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Just -- I guess, Paul, my question is, given the different levels of openness that we've seen in various states and geographies, have you seen a lot of variability in sales cadence across your business? And then related to that, does the Industrial segment also experienced regional variability or sales variance is usually driven just by end market activity? Thanks.
Paul Donahue: Hey, thanks, Scot. And hey, Scot, welcome back. Glad to have you back on the call. What I would tell you about US Automotive, Scot, when I go through region-by-region, first off, every region in Q4 was up double digit, which I don't recall that in a number of years. Both coasts were the strongest. When I look at the East Coast, up and down the East Coast, from Atlantic, Northeast, Southeast, all strong, West, really strong. But even that, it's hard to single out one of our regions, all were up double digits. So really, really terrific performance up and down. On the Industrial side, again, double-digit increases every month in Q4. And we really don't see much regionality on the Industrial side, either. It was, again, every region performed extremely well. And I will tell you, Scot, I couldn't be more proud of our team. In a pretty challenging environment, the increases they delivered were just outstanding.
Scot Ciccarell: And then Paul, when you assess the growth that you're also seeing in a bunch of your international markets, are there any nuances about the US market that might be a little bit different than international, whether it's rate of increase of used vehicle prices, et cetera, that is continuing to boost the US a little bit higher than what we're seeing here nationally right now?
Paul Donahue: Well, I would -- I guess what I would call out, Scot, if you look and compare the US and let's call out Europe. Europe is such a dominant DIFM market, 90% to 95% of our business in Europe is DIFM. So very, very little DIY business. And as we all know, we really saw the DIY segment spike during COVID and with all the monies that were being pushed out into the marketplace to consumers. So -- but I would also tell you Scot, we're seeing a bit more supply chain challenges in US Automotive than we're seeing either in Australia or Europe. So that would certainly be a callout. But look, again, I'm really pleased to tell you that while the US Automotive group led the way, we saw once again really strong performance in both Europe and Asia Pac as well.
Scot Ciccarell: Excellent. Thanks a lot, guys.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Scot.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Horvers: Thanks and good morning and congratulations, Carol, on your retirement. It's been a pleasure working with you all of these years.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Chris.
Christopher Horvers: My first question is a bit of a follow-up to Scot. As you think about 2022, how do you think about the relative comp potential in the different geographies in the NAPA business? And then specifically in the US, how are you thinking about your DIY business relative to the commercial business? Do you think DIY could be up? Obviously, you're very heavily weighted towards the commercial side.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So let me just clarify, Chris. When you talk about the different geographies, are you talking different geographies in the US or US compared to Europe and Asia Pac?
Christopher Horvers: Yes, the global regions.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So as we look at our outlook for 2022, we're -- our expectation is we're going to continue to see solid growth across all of our markets. And I would tell you that while it's very early, we're six weeks into the year, we are seeing those trends carry over from 2021 into 2022. So -- but overall, our expectation is that we come in the year in all of our markets, somewhere in that five to seven range, which has kind of been our historical targets. So, -- but it certainly could be a bit stronger than that here in the U.S. And then your question, Chris, around DIY and DIFM -- and you mentioned it, our strength is certainly DIFM, and we had a terrific year in DIFM in 2021, both our NAPA AutoCare Center business, our major account business, our fleet business, all up double-digit. Our DIY business performed very well again. But we always remind ourselves, we're coming off a really small base. But I think some of the actions that our team has taken over the last couple of years in terms of really improving our store assortments, our store training, our hours all has really gone a long way in spiking our retail business. And we expect that to continue really strong as well.
Christopher Horvers: And then, just as a follow-up to that, did you see -- you lapped through but just stimulus in January for the consumer. Did the DIY business see pressure during that period? Likewise, did it come down?
Paul Donahue: Not at all, not at all which gives me a lot of confidence as we move throughout the year.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then, my last -- I have a ton of questions, but my last question here is, did you talk about what the inflation was in NAPA and in Motion in the fourth quarter? And how you're thinking about 2022?
Carol Yancey: Yeah. Happy to, look at that. When we look at Q4, and again, it was similar to what we alluded to when we came out of Q3 that it was certainly a little bit heavier in the quarter with a mid-single digit for Global Automotive and a little bit stronger, obviously, on the U.S. Automotive than International Automotive, giving us around a 3% for the full year. And it was low-single digit for Global Industrial. Again, theirs was pretty normal throughout the year. As we look ahead, we certainly see a planned carryover impact from Q3 and Q4 going into 2022. So we think first half 2022 will be similar to what we saw coming out of second half 2021. And then it moderates into the second half. So again, a bit stronger in the U.S. Automotive but -- and more normal in our international Automotive and Industrial, so you may see something like around a 3%-ish or again, a bit more than that in the U.S., and that's what we're contemplating in our 2022 numbers.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Chris.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ethan Huntley: Hey. Good morning. This is Ethan Huntley on for Bret. Thanks for taking my questions here. Just one here, surrounding market share within the Automotive Segment, I know one of your peers mentioned sort of taking price in an effort to gain share. Can you just sort of comment on sort of general industry dynamics you're seeing there and what you expect to see from a market share standpoint?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Sure, happy to, Evan. We -- look, we have historically had a very rational environment across the automotive aftermarket in the U.S. And honestly, we don't expect that to shift in a dramatic way one way or the other. But that said, I would tell you that our teams are always looking at prices across the markets and market dynamics, and we'll look down to the SKU level and category level. But I would tell you at this point, Evan, we're focused on our actions. We intend to take good care of our customers. And we'll continue to compete in the marketplace on certainly, our NAPA product quality, our availability and really our great people that we've got in our stores and just continuing to deliver outstanding customer service to all of our great customers.
Ethan Huntley: Great. That's helpful. And then just lastly here, on the European NAPA private label business, can you just sort of touch on how that's going? Are you sort -- continuing to see strong traction there and then maybe how inventory is faring related to the private label business?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Maybe Will and I tag team that. I would just give you from a high-level view, and we were over in Europe with the team a couple of weeks ago, the NAPA rollout continues very strong. As you may know, we kicked it off in the UK a couple of years ago. And we've now rolled out a number of product categories. We continue to expand into new product categories. So we're in chassis, brakes. We're looking at launching oil, have launched oil, steering calipers, toolboxes. So we continue to expand the offering, but we're also expanding into new markets. So we've gone beyond the UK into France. We've launched now Germany, Netherlands, and continues to perform very, very well. So I don't know, Will, is there anything you would add?
Will Stengel: No. I would just say from an inventory perspective, we continue to feel good about having access to product in all of the markets that we're rolling now. So, continued success and exciting outlook for the future.
Ethan Huntley: Great. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. So Carol thanks for all the help, and I'm going to ask you for a little more help.
Carol Yancey: Okay. Thanks.
Greg Melich: On SG&A, I mean if the dollars grew a lot, and I know you mentioned wage pressure, new bases there, incentive comp, et cetera. How should we think about SG&A leverage this year or not, other initiatives to sort of help offset that inflation as you look at your guidance?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I mean, look, Q4 -- and again, Q4 SG&A, we knew going into this quarter that we had a fair amount of headwinds. The temporary cost savings last year, roughly $40 million, mean that was almost 90 basis points on our SG&A in the quarter. The increase in incentive compensation was meaningful similar to the temporary cost savings. That was a meaningful number. And then just the normal inflationary pressures, which we called out in Q3 and continued into Q4, on wages and freight, really, freight was certainly a big headwind for us. And then, we've got investments in projects and technology supply chain. But on the tailwind side, I mean, again, I would call out our strong leverage with our strong growth and being able to leverage better than we have in the past. And then the ongoing benefit of our initiatives. So we continue to have terrific initiatives. There was a lot of puts and takes, but ultimately, we had a better year in our SG&A than what we started off with, and the teams have done a terrific job in a really tight labor market and really having to do more with less. And again, as we look ahead into 2022 and your comments, we are implying certainly operating margin improvement, and we would expect to hold on to our gross margin rate in a highly inflationary environment and have initiatives that may even bring that up a bit. And at the same time, we think we're going to get some improvement in SG&A as we go into 2022, and that's coming off of our initiatives.
Greg Melich: That's a great summary. And then I guess my follow-up was, I don't care if it was Paul or Will, but I think in the prepared comments, you mentioned that supply chain is tougher in the US than rest of world. So I just love some more commentary on it. Like why is that? And why do you think that -- is it going to persist?
Will Stengel: Yeah, Greg, it's largely a function of just the logistics of the global freight. And so if you think about the port congestion out on the West Coast, that's probably the most elevated area that's congested. So that's largely why we would describe it as more affected than Europe and just the magnitude of the volume of the products coming in through US and North America. So -- we're encouraged by cautiously optimistic, I should say, about what we're seeing in all things, global supply chain. Good news is it's being driven by good underlying growth and demand. The factories internationally seem to be handling that volume better. As I mentioned, the congestion at the ports is still something that is being slowly addressed with some work to do, but moving in the right direction. And then obviously, the cost of moving product around the world continues to be elevated relative to historical average. And so we'll continue to work through that as well. So cautiously optimistic as we look through into 2022.
Paul Donahue: And hey, Greg, I would just add to that, that we haven't seen the degradation in supply chain on the industrial side. Our industrial fill rates have, throughout this past 18 months or so, have remained pretty good, certainly better than what we've seen on the US Automotive side. So our challenge has largely relegated to US Automotive. But as Will said, we are beginning to see an uptick in our fill rates across most of our major suppliers. And look, we know our supplier partners, they have got challenges as it relates to COVID and labor and material shortages. So they're doing all they can for us. And we do believe with our size and scale, that if anybody is going to get product in this environment, it will be Genuine Parts Company.
Greg Melich: That’s great. Good luck guys.
Paul Donahue: Thanks.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Greg.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. Good morning and congrats on your retirement, Carol.
Carol Yancey: Thank you very much.
Seth Basham: I have a follow-up question to the comment you just made, Paul. Just thinking about the supply dynamics for a lot of the smaller regional competitors in the US auto aftermarket business, how do you think the competitive environment can change as supply chain challenges ease, those players get more products? Do you think that it becomes more price competitive?
Paul Donahue: No, I don't think so, Seth. I mean, look, if you go back -- and I've been at this a long time in this automotive aftermarket, price has never been the primary driver in the automotive aftermarket, Seth. And as I think I mentioned earlier, we focus on just putting out a great product, a quality product, having it available when our customers want it, delivering an incredibly fast fashion, having great people on the ground. And then, yes, you've got to have a competitive price on top of it. But certainly, price is not going to be the number one driver nor has it ever been in the automotive aftermarket.
Seth Basham: Understood. Okay. Thank you. And then I have a separate follow-up question around KDG. Can you just give us a sense of what the contribution you're anticipating is in terms of sales and EPS from the acquisition in 2022?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I'll walk through that. I mean, again, as we talked about on our December conference call with KDG, I mean, the sales of roughly $1.1 billion, our guidance of 21% to 22% and the core growth of 5% to 6%, the balance of that is KDG. So we've kind of given you the 5% to 6% with KDG being the difference there. And again, similar to what we gave you in December with the EBITDA margin, again, you're talking about in the 8% to 9% range. What you have to think about, and again, I've implied that and we've got segment operating profit improvement going into next year, both with and without Kaman, when you roll it all the way down to net profit and EPS, as we've talked about earlier, you have to take into account the incremental interest expense as well as the intangible amortizations. And again, it's early in the process, obviously, the pace of synergies is the significant driver here based on where we are now and what we know, that's all sort of rolling up to roughly a $0.10 impact for this year. But again, we're only six weeks in on the synergies, really highly encouraged by what the teams are going to do. But again, we do have the implied operating margin improvement in those numbers.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Seth, I would just add to that. We are very, very encouraged what we're seeing in the early days. As Carol mentioned, we're six weeks in, but the team is out of the blocks strong. We've met with the majority of our key customers, our key suppliers in this first six weeks. The team has put an incredible amount of effort. They got a great plan in place, and we're excited with having the Kaman team as a part of GPC and we know they're going to deliver great things for us in the next few years.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you very much and good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thanks.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: The next question comes from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Hopped on late, but I hope that I -- didn't address this already. But I wanted to ask just on the status, obviously, your fill rates seem to be getting better, and you guys have improved that supply chain through the back half of the year. What do you guys do with the biggest risks from here to your supply chain? And related to that, one of your peers has talked more about direct sourcing straight from the Far East, kind of end rounding some of the suppliers. Would love to hear your thoughts around that strategy and potential. Would that be something GPC looks to do that expands margins or how you weigh the pros and cons of that strategy? Thanks.
Will Stengel: Hey, Daniel, I'll hit the first piece of your question in terms of biggest risk, and Paul will maybe come on behind my comments. But I think the biggest risk is talent, and it's more a internal risk just having the talent into buildings to handle the increased product flow as we recover. We've talked a lot about the labor market and having access to people in the buildings, drivers, et cetera. So from our perspective, making sure that we continue to build on all the great momentum and progress we're making around all things people and making sure that we're staffed up on our end to handle the improving volume.
Paul Donahue: Yes. And Daniel, I'll just mention that, look, we've been on the ground with a full team in place in Shenzhen, China now for the better part of a decade. And we're sourcing product today, direct sourcing product for all of our automotive businesses around the world. We go to the same factories. We consolidate our purchases between Europe, Asia Pac and the US. So we've been there for the better part of a decade, and it's worked extremely well for us.
Daniel Imbro: Great. And so the relationships with the suppliers, you still have polisher reads, those are value-added and where you direct source where you could direct stores you already do?
Paul Donahue: That's correct.
Daniel Imbro: Perfect. That's helpful. And then again, I apologize if you addressed this and not to get too near-term focused, but just think about Europe, the two-year stack did slow a bit on the auto side. Obviously, Europe had some pretty strict shutdowns with COVID through the fourth quarter. Just curious what you're seeing in that market and whether some countries are maybe outperforming as they reopen or any competitive changes? We've heard anecdotes of smaller competitors closing over there. So just curious how you're thinking about that market into 2022 and 2023?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So Daniel, we're in seven different markets across Europe, including the UK. The UK and Benelux countries were our strongest performers in 2021. And really continue to deliver. The UK was also our initial launch point for our NAPA-branded product. So they've got a bit of a head start on the rest of Europe. All seven countries are positive, and we certainly expect that trend to continue into 2022. We've got a great team on the ground in Europe, and we're very bullish on the outlook for our business there.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thanks so much for the color and best of luck
Paul Donahue: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: And we have time for one more question by Liz Suzuki from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thanks for letting me on and I'll add my congratulations to you, Carol. It's been great working with you over the last decade.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Liz.
Liz Suzuki: So you guys have done some meaningful M&A recently and then your more standard tuck-in acquisitions. And would you categorize the M&A environment broadly as more attractive now than it has been for the last two years? Just with a lot of disruption in the market from inflation and supply chain constraints without the support of PPP loans that I think may have helped some of your smaller competitors during the height of COVID.
Will Stengel: Yes, Liz, I think we would agree with that statement. The M&A pipeline continues to be very active. I think GPC and both on the Automotive and Industrial side of the business continues to be viewed as an acquirer of choice. And I think scale matters and especially in times where there's kind of an uncertain environment, joining the market-leading businesses and becoming part of the family is a pretty exciting proposition. So we expect that to continue and continue the good amount of activity that we've seen over the last 12 to 24 months.
Liz Suzuki: Great. And I'll just tack on one more, which is, if you could just talk a little bit about the partnership with Wallbox. I mean, is this going to be an exclusive relationship where NAPA is the destination for the PULSAR plus and is this -- is the audience for these charges primarily the DIY customer, or will you have an opportunity to sell the dealerships and other large accounts as well?
Will Stengel: Yes. It's a exciting opportunity for us. It’s not an exclusive relationship but it does have implications for both DIY and DIFM. And I think it's a real good example on kind of the opportunity that NAPA has to extend its business model. And so we talked about Arrival, we talked about Wallbox. But whether it's charging stations, service of the future, et cetera, we're excited about it and -- what it's also doing is creating a lot of buzz and momentum with other strategic partnerships. So, the discussions are active and the pipeline for more of these is pretty robust. So we're excited about it and looking forward. It's early days, but looking forward to what it could do for the business.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thanks very much.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Liz.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your interest and participation in our fourth quarter and year-end earnings. We appreciate your support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to reporting out our first quarter results in April. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company, Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company, Third Quarter of 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Will Stengel, our President, and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  As a reminder, today's conference call and webcast include a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations website. Please be advised, this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results, as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings release, issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website.  Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, I will turn it over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We are pleased to report strong financial results again this quarter, which reflects the consistent execution of our strategic priorities as the global markets continue to recover. As we size up the business climate and how we are managing through the recovery, we can report the GPC team is generating positive momentum in both our sales and operating results. And we are well positioned for both near and long-term growth.  Despite inflationary pressures, our margins reflect the success of our category management initiatives in cost control efforts which have offset these increases. And finally, our strategic efforts with our global supplier partners have prevented significant shortfalls and our overall inventory levels allowing us to deliver quality customer service. Taken a look at our third quarter financial results, total sales were 4.8 billion up 10% from last year and up 11% from Q3 of 2019. We also produced our 16th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion.  And we further improved our productivity and customer service capabilities with the ongoing execution of our operational initiatives. As a result, segment profit increased 14% and our segment margin improved 30 basis points to 9.3%. This represents our strongest margin in 2 decades and confirms our key initiatives are driving meaningful improvements. Net income was 229 million or a $1.59 for diluted share and adjusted net income was 270 million or a $1.88 per share.  This is a 15% increase from 2020 and establishes a new record for GPC's quarterly earnings, so just an outstanding job by the GPC team. Total sales for global automotive also set a new record at 3.2 billion for the quarter. This represents an 8% increase from Q3 2020, and a 15% increase from Q3 of 2019. On a comp basis, sales were up 5% from last year and up 7% on a two-year stack, with our strongest year-over-year automotive comps coming from the U.S. business.  In addition, from a cadence perspective, sales held up well through the quarter with the strongest average daily sales volume in each of our geographies coming in September. The broad strength in our global automotive sales reflects a number of factors. First, we're proud of our team's efforts to shore up our supply chain amidst the difficult backdrop of product delays and logistics challenges. Supply chain disruptions have been more substantial for U.S. automotive than in our international or industrial operations.  And we continue to work closely with our global suppliers to manage through these issues and ensure we have the right inventory available for our customers. We are confident in the effectiveness of our global sourcing team and believe we are well-positioned in the industry. We also continue to benefit from our key growth initiatives and market tailwinds. Among our growth initiatives, our emphasis on innovative sales programs and sales force effectiveness are positively impacting commercial sales.  As examples, we recently finalized an exclusive partnership in the education space for technician recruitment with over 10,000 active tech students in the process of earning their credentials. We're also excited that NAPA and AAA have executed an agreement for NAPA to be the exclusive auto parts supplier for the new AAA branded premium battery. This battery will be available to all consumers with a focus on the over 62 million AAA cardholders and 5,400 approved auto repair centers.  We're also equipping our sales team with incremental resources, training and development, which have led to more productive, customer-facing calls. In addition, our omni -channel investments continue to drive strong B2B and B2C digital sales. And finally, the international rollout of the NAPA brand is driving significant growth in both our European and Asia-Pac operations.  So now turning to the market tailwinds, these macro drivers include the following: The ongoing reopening of the economy, and improving miles-driven which generate the need for more repairs and more maintenance. A robust used car market, that is keeping more cars on the road longer. And improving the aftermarket fundamentals, such as the growing and aging vehicle fleet, which will continue to benefit the industry over the long term.  Looking next at our automotive highlights by region, total U.S. sales were up 9%. Comp sales increased 8% from last year and are up 5% on a 2 year stack. In Canada, total sales were up 1% with comp sales essentially flat both year-over-year and on a two-year stack as lockdowns in major markets have slowed the recovery. it's been encouraging to see these restrictions of easing of late, which should lead to stronger demand through the final 3 months of 2021.  Our U.S. sales were driven by strong demand for product categories such as exhaust, ride control, brakes, tools, and equipment which all outperformed. In addition, both retail and commercial ticket and traffic counts were positive for the third consecutive quarter. By customer segment, sales to both commercial and retail customers held strong, with DIFM sales outperforming DIY for the second straight quarter.  We do remain pleased, however, with the continued strength of our DIY business and believe we can drive additional growth with ongoing initiatives, such as B2C digital investments. These include new search features, improving catalog functionality, and enhanced payment options, such as, buy now and pay later. NAPA online, B2C sales continue to grow at a rapid pace, up over 40% from the third quarter, and up 2x from 2019.  The strength in commercial sales in the quarter was driven by several of the initiatives mentioned earlier, as well as the ongoing economic recovery in the U.S.. Sales to our major account partners were strongest with mid-teen growth, followed by sales for our NAPA AutoCare customers, which were up low double digits. We would add that our NAPA AutoCare membership has surged with the reopening of markets and includes nearly 400 shop upgrades thus far in 2021.  So really terrific momentum for our premier independent garage program. Rounding out our commercial segments, fleet, and government and other wholesale customers, also posted high single-digit growth for the quarter. So really strong results across all of our commercial accounts. These are encouraging trends and as we look ahead, we remain confident in our growth strategy and our key priorities to deliver customer value. and ultimately sell more parts for more cars.  Our AAD team in Europe continue to perform well with total Q3 sales up 8%, were up a strong 23% on a two-year stack. Comp sales increased 2.5% from last year and were up 14% on a 2-year stack. While the UK and Benelux continue to stand out with really strong results, we were pleased with the solid results in each of our 7 European markets. A reflection of stable market conditions and execution of our key sales initiatives.  These include the continued roll-out of the NAPA brand and ongoing emphasis on key account development, which are driving market share gains. Now looking at our Asia-Pac business, total sales were up 2% from 2020 and up 18% on a 2-year stack. Comp sales were up slightly from last year and up 15% on a 2-year stack. With both commercial and retail sales up double-digit, driven by positive growth with both the Repco and NAPA brand.  We're really pleased with these results given the severe lock downs and the major markets of Sydney, Melbourne, and Auckland during much of the quarter. We're energized to see the reopening of these markets is finally getting underway, and we expect a surge in demand in the coming month. So now let's discuss the Global Industrial segment. Total sales for this segment were 1.6 billion, a strong 15% increase from last year, and a 5% increase from 2019. Comp sales were up 13% and up 4% on a 2-year stack.  Through the quarter, average daily sales in July and August were in line with the second quarter, while our strongest results were in the month of September. This quarter's positive momentum and industrial exceeded our expectations, which is a reflection of the great work by our motion team, and the strengthening of the industrial economy. Both the PMI and industrial production were positive for the quarter and these indicators correlate closely to the overall healthy state of the industrial sales climate.  For the second consecutive quarter, we had positive sales growth across each of our industries served. The industry's sectors that stood out with double-digit growth include our largest customers segment, equipment and machinery, as well as iron and steel, automotive, aggregate and cement, lumber and wood, fabricated metals, equipment rental, and oil and gas. In addition, our newly added fulfillment and logistics industry experienced tremendous growth.  So as you can see, the current growth in our industrial business is quite broad across the markets we serve. As we have conveyed in our prior calls and in our industrial Deep Dive event on September 15, our Motion business is a market leader in the industrial distribution space in North America and Australasia. DMI team strive to be the preferred industrial solutions provider in the industries we serve. We partner with the best manufacturers in the industry to provide Tier 1 brand, our customers demand.  In addition, we are constantly broadening our product offering, as well as our service capabilities to maximize our sales potential and drive market share gains in a very large and fragmented market. With these fundamentals of our business in mind, our focus on continued profitable growth in this segment remained grounded in 5 key initiatives. An omni -channel build-out to accelerate e-commerce growth and drive sales with new customers.  As examples, Motion.com and our inside sales center, which has grown from 15 to now, 35 reps in just 6 months continue to drive incremental sales from new motion customers. The expansion of our industrial services and value-add solutions in areas such as equipment repair, conveyance, and automation.  Strategic M&A to generate significant growth in new markets and new products, and services as an industry consolidator. Enhanced strategy to create a dynamic pricing environment that provides us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. And lastly, network optimization and automation to further improve our operating efficiencies and productivity. We're pleased with the progress from these initiatives, thus far, and we are excited for the opportunities ahead.  Another third quarter highlight, is the publication of our 2021 sustainability report update. Our initiatives and activities over the past year have lead to continued progress toward our goal of promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion. We've also taken steps to reduce the environmental footprint of our operations by reducing energy and emissions while increasing recycling opportunities across the globe.  2020 tested all of us and accentuated the importance of supporting our people and our communities. We're really proud of our GPC teammates around the world for their resilience and contributions to further in our sustainability goals. We invite you to learn more about these initiatives and our full report which you can find on the GPC website. So in summary, we made great progress in several important areas during the third quarter.  And we're very pleased with the strong result in our automotive and industrial businesses, and the continued improvement in our sales and operations. We could not be more proud of the GPC team. Now, I will turn the call over to Will. Will?
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. First, let me reiterate Paul's comments and acknowledge the continued strong team performance this quarter. It's always a proud moment to have the opportunity to showcase our global teams hard work, relentless customer service, and winning performance. It's a challenging environment and teams have done an exceptional job to adjust and deliver results.  We continue to remain focused on our key pillars, including talent, sales effectiveness, digital supply chain, and emerging technology. Teams are executing initiatives well and consider s strategic initiatives a central part of our operating cadence. The teams have rigor around measurement and progress visibility. We measure unique global initiatives and are ahead of our 2021 plan established at the beginning of the year.  As we execute our GPC strategic planning process for the upcoming year, we reflect on learn from and refine our priority initiative execution. In addition through the year, we share best practices around the globe for common strategies to help us continuously learn and improve as one GPC team. While our geographies and end markets are diverse, we share similar GPC global initiatives, all designed to deliver profitable growth in excess of market growth, operating leverage, and free cash flow.  Despite a challenging environment, we're pleased to see more normal team activities and customer activities starting to be possible in most of our geographies. We recently had the opportunity to meet in person with the U.S. Automotive Executive and Field Management team in Atlanta. We listened to field feedback, shared performance trends, enjoyed team camaraderie, introduced new talent, and collaborated on strategic priorities for the upcoming year.  Similarly, approximately 70 of our motion Executive and field leaders from around the country, recently had the chance to meet in person for the first time since early 2020, to detail business performance and review strategic initiatives priorities. In Europe, our AAG executive leadership team recently met together in person for the first time in nearly 2 years.  Our Atlanta-based GPC and U.S. NAPA field support teams also hosted an employee appreciation event for 400 teammates, that included a well-received visit from our celebrity NAPA racing teammates, including Chase Elliott. We're cautiously optimistic our teams in Australasia will soon be able to exit lockdown in November and also return to a more normal in-person routine.  At each of these events, it's energizing to see the positive attitudes, strong team alignment, and visible excitement about our GPC momentum and vision. It's also reassuring to see our differentiated GPC culture up close and intact. Paul and I have also had the opportunity to spend time in person with customers and vendors this quarter. These discussions are critically important as we share our growth visions, listen to feedback, and explore ways to deepen our strategic partnership.  These conversations not only reinforce our GPC core strategic priorities, talent, sales effectiveness, digital and tech, supply chain and emerging tech; b but also always affirm the unique customer value propositions across our GPC businesses. Growth, technology solutions, supply chain excellence, products and technical expertise, and long-standing local relationships are always key themes.  As an example, we recently visited with an industrial customer who is enjoying exponential growth. Our Motion teammates co-locate associates at the customer facility to provide real-time expertise on the plant floor to ensure the facility is operating to its potential. Part of the discussions with this customer explored the use of embedded technology solutions that will make customer ordering from motion easier and faster.  We're building plans to triple the size of this customer relationship over the next few years. In our customer discussions or recent common theme is the supply chain challenges that face all Company. We explained, we believe our global scale in-country resources, data and analytics, investments in our supply chain, strategic inventory actions, and proactive daily team approach, position as to navigate the headwinds relative to others. We're in constant discussion with highest levels of our supplier partners, many of which for whom GPC represents a large and important global customer.  Over the past quarter, we've held numerous top-to-top meetings with our global executive leadership and vendor partners to review progress and jointly problems solved. It's a challenging environment, but our global teams and partners are proactively acting each day to navigate it. Turning to our focus on talent, we recently completed an end-to-end strategic review of our global GPC employee value proposition, and talent initiatives.  This disciplined work ensures we have the right capabilities aligned to our current and future business strategies. The work also ensures we're constantly striving to be an employer of choice in this dynamic and competitive talent environment. Around the globe, we continue to take deliberate actions to lead, recognize and ensure the well-being of our teams.  For example, we recently streamlined recruiting processes to move faster to attract talent, introduce new wellness incentives, improved holiday schedules, enhance vacation eligibility and flexibility, invested in healthcare costs to reduce the burden on our associates, improve tuition reimbursement programs, and relaxed dress code policies to name a few. And talent's our most important advantage, we'll always work to take care of and invest in our people.  We also continued to execute well against our broader digital and technology initiatives. During the quarter, the teams have made exciting progress under leadership of our new Chief Information and Digital Officer, Naveen Krishna. We're focused on building high performing teams that engineered technology to solve customers problems at scale. In addition, we'll optimize human and financial resources to focus on the most critical and impactful activities.  Our emerging technology initiatives, including electric vehicles and related technologies also continue to advance. The global teams are partnering well to execute a disciplined and coordinated strategy. We're pleased with the team momentum and will continue to dedicate resources to this exciting effort.  Last, the teams are executing our M&A strategy with discipline. For example, we added several store groups to our North American and Europe an automotive network to increase local market density and we announced the acquisition of J&S Automotive Distributors, a leading automotive parts distributor in Ireland. This new geography represents the 15th country in which GPC operates. In addition, we were pleased to recently sign a definitive agreement to acquire AutoAccessoriesGarage, a leading U.S. based digital platform specializing in automotive accessories.  This strategic digital acquisition adds new capabilities and accelerates a strategic product category for the U.S. automotive team. The acquisition pipeline is active and we remain disciplined to prioritize transactions we believe meet all of our GPC strategic and financial criterion. We are thrilled to welcome our newest teammate to the global GPC family. Overall, we are really pleased with the record -setting team performance.  Despite uncontrollable headwind, the teams continue to rally together each day to service customers and deliver performance. We look forward to working hard to close the year strong and build on our solid momentum as we move forward into 2022. With that, I will now turn the call over to Carol to review the financial details.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Will, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. We are very pleased with our third quarter financial performance and we look forward to sharing a few additional details with you. Recapping revenues, total GPC sales were 4.8 billion in the third quarter, up 10%. Gross margin improved to 35.5%, an increase of 50 basis points from 35.0%, last year.  Our improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by the increase in supplier incentives due to improved volumes and the positive impact of strategic category management initiatives. In the third quarter, we had continued pricing activity with our suppliers as anticipated, resulting in additional product cost inflation. Our team was positioned to address these increases with effective pricing and global sourcing strategies and price inflation improve neutral to gross margin.  On a total Company basis, we estimate a 3% inflationary impact on Q3 sales, consisting of 3.5% inflation in global automotive, and 1% to 2% in industrial. Based on current trends, we expect to see additional price inflation in the fourth quarter, and we will utilize our strategies to protect our gross margin as appropriate. Our total adjusted operating and non-operating expenses were 1.35 billion in the third quarter, up 11% from 2020 and at 28% of sales.  The increase from last year is due to several factors, including the prior-year benefit of approximately 60 million and temporary savings related to the pandemic. Additionally, our third quarter expenses reflect the increase in variable costs on the 450 million in additional year-over-year sales, as well as cost pressures in areas such as wages, Incentive compensation flight, rent, and health insurance. We continue to execute on our ongoing initiatives to control expenses and improve our operations.  While pleased with our progress, thus far, we see room for further improvement in the quarters ahead. Our total segment profit in the third quarter was 447 million up 14%. Our segment profit margin was 9.3% compared to 9.0% last year, a 30 basis point year-over-year improvement, and up a 130 basis points from 2019. So we're really pleased with the continued improvement and the excellent work by our team.  Looking ahead, we raised our margin expectations for the full year and we currently expect segment profit margin to improve 40 to 50 basis points from 2020 or 80 to 90 basis points from 2019. This would be our strongest full year margin in more than 20 years. Our tax rate for the third quarter was 24.9% on an adjusted basis, up from 23.4% last year, with the increase in rate primarily related to income mix shift to higher tax jurisdictions.  Our third quarter net income from continuing operations was 229 million, with diluted earnings per share of a $1.59. Our adjusted net income was 270 million or a $1.88 per diluted share, which compares to 237 million or a $1.63 per adjusted diluted share in the prior year, a 15% increase. So turning to our third quarter results by segment, our total automotive revenue was 3.2 billion up 8% from last year.  Our segment profit increased 6% to 281 million with profit margin as solid 8.8%. While down 20 basis points from 2020 due to the prior-year benefit of temporary savings, this represents an 80 basis point margin improvement over 2019 and reflects the underlying progress in our operations. For the 9 months profit margin is 8.6% up 80 basis points from 2020 and up 90 basis points from 2019, driven primarily by margin expansion in our U.S. and European operations. Our industrial sales were 1.6 billion up 15% from 2020. Segment profit of a 166 million was up a strong 32% from a year ago and profit margin improved to a 10.3%. This is a 140 basis points from 2020 and up 220 basis points from 2019 and the first double-digit margin for industrial since the Fourth Quarter of 2006. Year-to-date profit margin for this segment is 9.4% up a 120 basis points from 2020 and up a 150 basis points from 2019. So this group is executing very well and posting excellent operating results through the industrial recovery. So now, let's turn our comments to the balance sheet.  At September 30th, total accounts receivable is down 3.5%, primarily due to the timing of the 300 million in accounts receivables sold in October of 2020. Inventory was up 10% in line with our sales increase and a reflection of our commitment to having the right parts, in the right place, at the right time. Accounts payable increased 20% from last year due to the increase in inventory and favorable payment terms with certain suppliers. Our AP to inventory ratio improved to 129% from 118% last year.  Our total debt is 2.4 billion down 474 million or 16% from September of last year, and down 245 million from December 31 of 2020. We closed the third quarter with available liquidity of 2.4 billion and our total debt to adjusted EBITDA improved to 1.5 times from 2.2 times last year. So our teams continue to do an outstanding job of optimizing our working capital and our capital structure. We also continue to generate strong cash flow with another 300 million in cash from operations in the third quarter and 1 billion for the 9 months. For the full year.  We expect our earnings growth and working capital to drive 1.2 billion to 1.4 billion in cash from operations. And free cash flow of 950 million to 1.15 billion. Our key priorities for cash remain the reinvestment in our businesses through capital expenditures, M&A, share repurchases and the dividend. For the 9 months we have invested a 138 million in capital expenditures, and we have plans for additional investments to drive organic growth and improve efficiencies and productivity in our operations through the balance of the year.  In addition, we have used approximately a 143 million in cash for strategic acquisitions to accelerate growth. These investments includes several automotive store groups across our markets, included in the entry into Ireland discussed earlier. We continue to generate a robust pipeline of additional strategic and bolt-on acquisitions in both automotive and industrial segments.  This would include Auto Accessories Garage as mentioned before, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter. Consistent with our longstanding dividend policy, we have also paid a total cash dividend of more than 349 million to our shareholders through the 9 months. The Company has paid a dividend every year since going public in 1948 and has increased the dividend for 65 consecutive years.  And as part of our share repurchase program, we have also been active with share buybacks dating back to 1994. In the third quarter, we used a $100 million to purchase 800,000 shares, and year-to-date we have used 284 million to purchase 2.2 million shares. The Company is currently authorized to repurchase up to 12.2 million additional shares, and we expect to remain active in this program in the quarters ahead.  So turning to our current outlook for 2021, we are raising our full-year guidance previously provided in our earnings release on July 22nd of 2021. We expect total sales for 2021 to be in the range of +12 to +13%, an increase from our previous guidance of +10 to +12%. As usual, this excludes the benefit of any unannounced future acquisitions. By business, we are guiding to +14 to +15 total sales growth for the Automotive segment, an increase from +11 to +13% and a total sales increase of +10 to +11% for the industrial segment. An increase + plus 6% to +8% On the earnings side, we're raising our guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $6.60 to $6.65, which is up 25% to 26% from 2020.  This represents an increase from our previous guidance of $6.20 to $6.35. So we're encouraged by the strength in our financial results for the third quarter and the nine months. And we enter the fourth quarter focused on our initiatives to meet or exceed our outlook for the year. We look forward to reporting on our financial performance for the fourth quarter in full year in February. Thank you. And I'll now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. As we close out another strong quarter, we are pleased with our progress in driving profitable growth, strong cash flow, and shareholder We attribute the positive momentum in our business to our global team work and disciplined focus across all of our operations. Our team has confidence in the strategic plans we have put in place to capture long-term growth and margin expansion.  Our strategic plans combined with an exceptional balance sheet position GPC with the financial strength and flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities via investments at organic and acquisitive growth. While also returning capital to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. So as we look ahead, we are encouraged to see the impact of the global pandemic subsiding. while the fundamentals of our two global businesses remained rock solid.  Our GPC teams around the world are stepping up under challenging circumstances and taking great care of our customers. That we thank you for your interest in GPC. and we thank each of our GPC teammates for their passion, their dedication, and their hard work. So with that, let me turn the call back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Chris Horvers of JP Morgan, please state your question.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Chris Horvers: My first question is, you talked about September being the best average daily volume in the automotive business and obviously Motion has a very strong two-year acceleration. So can you talk about the potential outcomes on the fourth quarter on the comps in both businesses and given that commentary, would you expect that the two-year trend could accelerate in the fourth quarter on comps?
Paul Donahue: Well, Chris, first off, thanks for your question. You've hit it when you look across all of our businesses, the quarter the third quarter got stronger as we progressed with September being our strongest month. And what we can tell you is that the trends that we saw in September are carrying over into the month of October.  So we're feeling good about where we are. And we certainly feel really good about the projections that we put out there for Q4. So yeah, right now everything is looking pretty solid.
Chris Horvers: Excellent. And then, Carol, can you diagnose maybe the 50 basis points of gross margin expansion? Some of that -- it was vendor allowance -- some of those vendor allowance, some of those are vendor allowance, some are pricing. How much of that is perhaps not sustainable on the vendor allowance side, and then how does that sort of parlay into your views about Motion's operating margin over time? Thank you.
Carol Yancey: I Know, look, we couldn't be more proud of the team and the work that was done in gross margin, I really want to give thanks to our procurement teams and all of our teams because there has been a ton of efforts related to gross margin. So when we think about the inflationary impacts and having to deal with that, but honestly our initiatives, category management initiatives, global sourcing, pricing strategy.  It was vendor allowances, but quite honestly, in addition to that and especially when you look at the year-to-date numbers, it is the benefit -- the ongoing benefit of all our category management initiatives, which includes pricing and global sourcing. So I think in the quarter you did have more of an impact related to volume incentives. But I think again, taking into account everything and inflation quite honestly was neutral to our rate.  So as we look ahead, we're not concerned about gross margin in Q4. And in fact, contemplated in our guidance and our outlook is that we would continue to have a positive impact in Q4, which would have us be positive for the year and then also extremely positive on a 2-year stack basis.
Chris Horvers: And then on the motion operating margin?
Carol Yancey: Yeah. The motion operating margin, I think where you see them through the 9 months, which just, again, incredible operating performance for them. And it is both gross margin and expense leverage. And they have really permanently lowered their cost structure, but I think we will see continued improvement in Q4, for the Industrial operating margin and that would give them, sort of an implied 80 to 90 BPS improvement for the full year, which is just outstanding, and again, much stronger than that on a two-year stack basis.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Thanks so much. And have a great fourth quarter.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Chris.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please state your question.
Bret Jordan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Carol Yancey: Morning.
Paul Donahue: Hi, Bret.
Bret Jordan: You commented about share gains in Automotive and, I guess, as it relates to the U.S-- are you seeing the share shift sort of smaller WDs giving up share or are there real shifts amongst the larger players in the space?
Paul Donahue: I'll take a shot at that Bret, thanks to your question, it's -- look it's hard to say where we're gaining this year. I can tell you with some of the product category that we look at and the growth that we're seeing in Q3. And on top of a really solid Q2, we have to be up outpacing the general market. But we're also the first one out, Bret, so we'll see what the numbers look like here going forward. Bottom line is, as we all know, the automotive aftermarket is incredibly fragmented.  We like where we're at, we like the performance by our NAPA team and they had a terrific quarter and actually had terrific back-to-back quarters. And as I mentioned in the initial question, we're out of the gates in great shape in the month of October, so we expect that to continue. And I would also comment Bret that, we feel the same way about our international automotive businesses in our European team as well as our Asia-Pac team continue to perform at a high level.
Will Stengel: And I guess my follow-up question relates to the European team, I guess, what you are saying is you rolled out the NAPA private label program in Europe, is that gaining traction? And maybe you could give us a feeling for how the margin benefit of private label looks over there.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I'll touch on the acceptance part, maybe Carol you weigh in on the margins. The acceptance Bret, I have to tell you is beyond our expectation, so much so that we are accelerating our -- the number of product lines. And we're accelerating the pace with which we're rolling those out. So as you look across our European aftermarket business, we really started in the UK and our UK business continues to outperform. And now we've rolled that out into the other market. And I have to tell you it's really surpassed our expectation. So really pleased and I would also say we are rolling it out in Australia and New Zealand as well with similar results.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So on the margin standpoint, the product labels, specifically for Europe is neutral to their gross margin rate. Having said that it is favorable from a working capital standpoint, because many of the private label comes with extended terms. So the team has been able to see the benefit of that. And in turn, they're taking their working capital improvements in reinvesting an additional product offerings and additional M&A such as [Indiscernible] that Paul and Will talked about earlier.
Bret Jordan: What do you say, as a percentage of your inventory mix being private label over there?
Carol Yancey: We haven't really given that out yet. I mean, it's starting off slow with a number of product lines and we haven't given out a target. It's not going to be something. It's not ever going to be like what you see, certainly in the U.S. but going to a 10% and incremental improvement year-on-year out. I think you can expect that.
Bret Jordan: All right, thanks. if you, Brent, if you go back in time, Brent, when we first went into Europe back in 2017, there was very little, if any, private brands have sold through the AAG network. So everything that we're moving through right now and the NAPA brand is all incremental. And as Carol said, we're targeting 10%. We think that's a good number, but we could certainly increase that in the years ahead as we expand into new product categories.
Bret Jordan: Great, thank you.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Greg Melich: Thanks. My first one was on inflation. The 3% that you saw in third quarter sales. What should that accelerate to or doesn't need to accelerate into the fourth quarter to keep it neutral on a margin standpoint?
Carol Yancey: Yes. We think that fourth quarter is probably in the 3 to 4% range. We would say that that would be 3 to 4% for our Global Automotive and 1 to 2% for industrial. It's slightly higher on the us automotive than it is on international automotive. Then Greg, having said that and again, I couldn't be more pleased with our teams. They are doing a tremendous job and we do not think despite having incremental inflation coming in Q4, we're confident in our ability to manage through that and be able to continue to deliver gross margin improvements.
Greg Melich: And has there been any shift in mix or any demand destruction. This is accepted by the customer?
Carol Yancey: Well, Greg. I guess just generally what we would say when you look at our top-line results and you look at the strong demand, whether it's industrial or automotive. I mean, at this point, we haven't seen the push back, and part of it is the nature of our business that is non-discretionary. So we haven't seen necessarily the push back, pricing has stayed rational and inflations in all sectors, all industries. So really haven't seen that yet.
Greg Melich: Got it. Make sense. And then the second was a little more strategic. Will, you talked about the M&A out there and some of the strategic things you've added. I know, historically, you guys have had a nice model paying 8 times EBITDA for things and getting some synergies and then rolling it in. What's the current environment now in terms of just finding the right opportunities and paying what you are used to paying for acquisitions?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Greg. It's a good question. Thanks for it. It is certainly a dynamic M&A market. I think as we alluded to, we have a very disciplined approach to thinking about deals. Whether it's financially, operationally, strategically, etc. And for us, it's all about the value creation potential.  And I think on our Industrial Conference, I made a comment talking about creating value so that the eight or nine times becomes something lower than that. And so that's how we think about [Indiscernible]. What does this business look like? And how much value can we create when we bring it into the GPC family. Greg, I would also add on to that one. When we look at our bolt-on acquisitions in the automotive space, whether it's in Europe or here across North America. Those continue to be very reasonable and rational, and are very close to our historic kind of valuations. But as Will said, we'll -- we will continue to be incredibly disciplined as we look at M&A here going forward.
Greg Melich: That's a great summary. So thanks, congrats to you all and good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thanks.
Will Stengel: Thank you Greg.
Carol Yancey: Thank you
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Imbro of Stephens.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks for taking my question. This is Andrew on for Daniel. So on the industrial side of the business, September PMI stepped up a bit. It's a nice surprise. How are you -- are you able to meet the demand in the market today? Have you had any issues with the risk?
Paul Donahue: Our industrial business has held up -- well, you see the numbers Andrew that our industrial numbers are as strong as they've ever been. We had a terrific -- the team had a terrific Q3. We're not seeing that type of supply chain disruptions on the industrial side as we're seeing across the automotive -- North America automotive sector.  So they are in good shape, not to mention our industrial team going into 2021 did not trim back their inventories. They were in a good place, an inventory. And that is largely held up throughout the course of the year which has led to that great sales increase, they popped in Q3. So all is good on the industrial front.
Daniel Imbro: Excellent. On the call through, you mentioned adding in some buy now pay later. Is that something you are just rolling out on the DIY side or do you see an opportunity to maybe roll that out to the DIFM channel to help out with affordability on repairs?
Will Stengel: Yes, it's a great question. It's mostly on the DIY side and it's early days with the pilots that we're testing, but I'll tell you, is a good example of kind of understanding and listening to the customer, and then coming up with some solutions that meet these needs. So it's early days, but online retail is probably the place where that's most relevant.
Daniel Imbro: Perfect. Thanks. That's all from me.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Please state your question.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. And good morning. My question is on the U.S. Auto business and acceleration and growth that you saw in September, was that just a function of the comparison or is there something else that might have driven the acceleration in September and into October?
Paul Donahue: Well, I would tell you, Seth, that I think it's a combination of factors. I think our U.S. automotive team continues to get their legs under them. The year, continues to get better as we go. I mentioned October is looking strong. It's looking strong across all regions of the country. It's looking strong in both DIY and DIFM.  And we don't -- we don't see it slowing. I would also comment that we had our best month, our best quarter with our big partners on the major accounts side, our AutoCare business continued strong and, Seth, our DIY business continues strong. So it's really across the board, it's held up well and we're seeing that trend continue on the month of October as well.
Seth Basham: Got it. And just as a follow-up, when you think about new customer growth, have you seen an acceleration there or is it more about growing business with existing customers and the major accounts and NAPA AutoCare?
Paul Donahue: It's really both Seth and I. And again, I would give our team high marks on the strategy they put together going into 2021, which was all around sales team effectiveness and putting more sales reps out on the street and getting them focused on the end-user customer. And even when you look at our So kind of what we deem as our all other wholesale business, which is a significant chunk of business that was up high single-digits, year-over-year.  So I think a combination of growing business with existing customers, but also kind of restructuring our approach to the customers with our sales team and really driving a lot of new business as well. So very pleased with the NAPA team and where we find ourselves.
Seth Basham: Great to hear. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Our next question is from Liz Suzuki of Bank of America, please state your question.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thanks for fitting in my question. So Will had mentioned a number of enhancements to employee benefits with a focus on being a global employer of choice. Can you quantify the cost of these initiatives? Or if you can't, explicitly break out how much you think SG&A would be impacted, do you think it's fair to say that growth in wages and benefits is likely to be elevated compared to historical growth rates for the foreseeable future?
Carol Yancey: I guess I would comment and again, these are just great things they're really important to our teammates and they are important for the work force. And yet having said that, they don't come with significant costs. I mean, what we would point to that is just more relevant on the SG&A is just the true labor and wage inflation that we're seeing. Part of it is making sure that you have competitive benefit programs and things like that, we've talked about healthcare and some of those things, paid time off vacation.  But I think more important and more significant is just the true wage inflation that we're seeing. Having said that though, we couldn't be more pleased with the team's hard work in really permanently reducing our cost structure and being able to offset a lot of that inflationary impact with some of our initiatives. So I would not say that you need a model anything in there for the incremental benefit of those types of programs. And all that is contemplated in our full-year operating margin improvement that we've kind of models. So we feel good about it going forward.
Liz Suzuki: Got it. Then on a follow-up to that, just given the increase in the guidance for the year, I'd imagine that the quarter came in ahead of your expectations and that there are some encouraging leading indicators that make you feel increasingly optimistic about the fourth quarter. So I'm curious where the results have most surprised to the upside versus your prior estimates.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. I think look there weren't any major surprises. Our results were really due to the stronger sales and continued recovery in automotive and industrial. The 16th consecutive quarter of gross margin gains with a highly inflationary environment, but having cost controls to really drive improved margins was important. We had terrific cash flow in the quarter, and again, with all the supply chain disruptions.  So having that higher volume and really the industrial recovery has been coming quicker each quarter. So that went into our thinking as we look at the rest of the year, but we feel really good about Q4. But again, it's been a great team effort. And I think as we've seen each quarter, recoveries and the reopening of economies and the fundamentals have gotten better each quarter.
Liz Suzuki: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our last question comes from David Bellinger of Wolfe Research. Please state your question.
David Bellinger: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. And very nice results today. To on -- the 350 basis points of inflationary benefits within Automotive, you're expecting a similar rate in Q4. Are there any -- are the majority of those price increases fully rolled out at this point, or is there still some room to go into next year? Are you taking any pricing actions that are different from your competitors at this point?
Carol Yancey: Yeah, look, I mean it's a very fluid environment with these price increases. I mean, as they're presented to us and again, the global sourcing and supply chain and procurement teams work very closely with the vendors and they look at timing and we look at areas that we can have time to work into those price increases. We look at accelerating purchases. I mean, there's a lot of work that's being done and the timing of when they go to market is a factor in that as well.  There will be some that carries over. Brenda next year, certainly, but it's a day-to-day, week-to-week negotiation right now. It is more normal inflation and industrial, so keep that in mind, the 1 to 2% is just more normal inflation for them. It's really the us automotive that's got the heightened inflation. Again international automotive a little more normal. We will have some that goes into next year. But again, teams are doing great job to work through that and have improvement.
David Bellinger: Got it. And then I also want to ask buy now pay later feature. Is there any way you could frame the potential size of that opportunity? Is it really aimed at widening the NAPA customer base in some way? And just given that initiative and the acquisition you announced today, are you expecting that elevated online percentage of the business remains peaking in the coming years?
Paul Donahue: I'll take a shot at the first part of that. David, the Buy Now, Pay Later pilot, we're in about 250 NAPA stores. And look, I give our team credit for jumping on the opportunity. It's so early yet. It's -- I would misspeak if I tried to put a number to it. It's something new. We'd never done it before. We're not doing it anywhere else in the world at this point. I would just tell you kind of stay tuned and certainly more to come on that initiative.  And then I'm sorry, the second part of your question online. Certainly, the acquisition that was announced, Automotive Accessories Garage, we're excited about that acquisition and it really goes hand-in-hand, David, with recent strategies where we acquired wind parts in Europe, we acquired spares parts in Australia, a few years back. And it's really just broadening our knowledge base and expertise into all things online.  I would certainly expect that this initiative here in the U.S. will follow in a same track that we've done in the international markets. And I'm very pleased to tell you that, they have exceeded our expectations. It's still early at wind parts in Europe, but I would tell you that, early results are very, very, very favorable. And we expect to see the same as we really just expand our knowledge base in selling products online.
David Bellinger: Great. Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question and answer session. I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. We look forward to updating you on our year-end and fourth quarter results in February, and thank you for your support.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and all lines have been placed on mute. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, today's conference call and webcast include a slide presentation which can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations website. Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, I'll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We appreciate you joining us today. We are pleased to report terrific financial performance driven by the consistent execution of our strategic priorities and the ongoing recovery in the global market. In summary, the quarter was highlighted by continued strong sales trends, which we believe led to market share gains, gross margin gains and improved operational efficiencies that drove margin expansion and record quarterly earnings and the effective deployment of capital for growth and productivity investments, bolt-on acquisitions, the dividend and share repurchases. Taking a look at our second quarter financial results, total sales were $4.8 billion, up 25% from last year and improved sequentially from plus 9% in the first quarter. For your additional perspective, our second quarter sales were 12% higher than in Q2 2019. Gross margin was also strong representing our 15th consecutive quarterly increase, and we further improved our productivity with the ongoing execution of expense initiatives. As a result, segment profit increased 35% and our segment margin improved 65 basis points to 9.2%, which represents our strongest margin in two decades. Adjusted net income was $253 million and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.74, up 32%. Total sales for global automotive were a record $3.2 billion, a 28% increase from 2020 and up 15% from the second quarter of 2019 and marks the first quarter in our 93 year history with auto sales exceeding the $3 billion mark. On a comp basis sales were up 21% and on a two year stack comp sales were up 8.5%. Our comp sales in the second quarter were driven by double-digit year-over-year comp sales in each of our automotive operations. Automotive segment profit margin improved 9.1%, up 30 basis points from 2020 and an increase of 90 basis points from 2019. This expansion was supported by strong operating results across all of our operations. The automotive recovery reflects our focus on key growth initiatives as well as several market tailwinds and these include the broad economic recovery and strengthening consumer demand, favorable weather trends, inflation and our ability to pass along price increases to our customers. Finally, solid industry fundamentals, which have been further accelerated by a surge in used car market and improving miles driven. While these market tailwinds are encouraging, we also see continued headwinds, which we continue to closely monitor. These would include the spread of the deltacoronavirus variant and its potential impact on the global economy, global supply chain disruptions, ongoing labor shortages in our operations and the impact of inflation on our costs such as wages and freight. Turning next to our regional highlights, our GPC teammates in Europe built down there excellent start to the year, achieving the strongest sales growth amongst our operations with comp sales up 34%. Each country posted substantial sales growth, while our UK team continues to outperform. The positive momentum in Europe reflects improving market conditions and favorable weather trends as well as our focus on key sales initiatives, inventory availability, and excellent customer service. In particular, we have seen exceptional results from our key account partners and the ongoing expansion and rollout of the NAPA brand. In our Asia Pac business sales were in line with the mid to high teen comps we have had in this market now for four consecutive quarters. Commercial sales outperformed retail, although both customer segments posted strong growth. The Repco and NAPA brands performed well and collectively are capturing market share. The NAPA network continues to build, and we have now more than 50 NAPA locations operating across Australia and New Zealand in addition to our 400 plus Repco stores. In North America, comp sales increased 20% in the U.S. and we're up 12% in Canada where lockdowns in key markets such as Quebec and Ontario have been headwinds for several quarters now. Sales in the U.S. were driven by strong growth in both the commercial and retail segment with DIFM sales outperforming DIY for the first time, since before the pandemic began to take hold in Q1 of 2020. The strengthening commercial sales environment is significant for us as it accounts for 80% of our total U.S. automotive revenue. The strong recovery in the commercial sector contributed to record average daily sales volume and our U.S. automotive business in June. Our sales drivers by product category include brakes, tools and equipment and under car, which all outperformed. In addition, both retail and commercial ticket and traffic counts were strong for the second consecutive quarter, so another really positive trend. By customer segment, retail sales remained strong throughout the quarter with low double-digit sales growth on top of a healthy sales increase in the second quarter of last year. While the DIY market is pulling back from the highs of 2020, we are optimistic our ongoing investments will create sustainable retail growth. For commercial sales, each of our customers segments posted double-digit growth, which we attribute to the broad automotive recovery and investments in our sales team, our sales programs and our supply chain amongst other initiatives. This quarter, our strongest growth was with our major account partners and NAPA AutoCare centers. We were also pleased with the growth in sales to our fleet and government accounts. This was the first quarter of positive year-over-year sales growth for this group, since before the pandemic as a lag the overall automotive recovery in the U.S. We view this improvement as a meaningful indicator for further growth in the quarters ahead. As the automotive recovery continues, we expect our commercial sales opportunities to outpace retail consistent with the long-term growth outlook for the aftermarket industry. We are confident in our growth strategy and our initiatives to deliver customer value and sell more parts for more cars across our global automotive operations. We also remain focused on enhancing our inventory availability, strengthening in our supply chain and investing in our omni-channel capabilities while expanding our global store footprint to further strengthen our competitive positioning. So now let's discuss the global Industrial Parts Group. Total sales for this group were $1.6 billion, a 20% increase from last year, and up 7% from 2019. Comp sales rose 16% and reflect the fourth consecutive quarter of improving sales trend. A strong sales environment combined with the execution of our operational initiatives drove a 9.5% segment margin, which is up 130 basis points from both 2020 and 2019. The ongoing market recovery over the last 12 months is in line with the strengthening industrial economy and the overall increase in activity we have seen across much of our customer base. The Purchasing Managers Index measured 60.6 in June, reflecting healthy levels of industrial expansion and marrying trends we have seen throughout the majority of this year. Likewise, industrial production increased by 5.5% in the second quarter representing the fourth consecutive quarter of expansion. Diving deeper into our Q2 sales, we experienced strong sales trends across each of our industries served and our product categories other than safety supplies, which add extraordinary sales in 2020 due to the pandemic. Several industry sectors stood out as their sales increased by 30% or more over the last year, including equipment and machinery, automotive, aggregate and cement, equipment rental and oil and gas. In addition, our newly added fulfillment and logistics industry sector experienced tremendous growth. In the past several years of expanding this segment, we have found our broad offering of products and services fits well with the needs of these customers. To drive this growth, we remain focused on several strategic initiatives, which include the build out of our industrial omnichannel capabilities with solid growth and digital sales via motion.com. Our new inside sales center, which was established in 2019, is generating incremental sales from new Motion customers and we see room for further growth. The expansion of our services and value-add solutions businesses in areas such as equipment repair, conveyance and automation. Over the last few years, we have made several bolt-on acquisitions to build scale and continue to target additional M&A opportunities to further enhance our capabilities in these key areas, enhanced pricing and product category management strategies to maximize profitable growth, the further optimization and automation of our supply chain network to improve operational productivity, while delivering exceptional customer service. We are encouraged by industrial strong financial performance in the second quarter and the positive momentum we see in the overall industrial markets. We believe the Motion team is well positioned to capitalize on this momentum and enhance our market leadership position. So in summary, each of our businesses did an exceptional job of operating through the quarter and we couldn't be more proud and grateful for their strong Q2 performance. So, now, I'll turn the call over to Will. Will?
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning everyone. First, let me reiterate Paul's comments to acknowledge the strong performance this quarter. I'd like to personally congratulate the entire global GPC team for the hard work and impressive results. The teams continue to build momentum and execute well. We remain focused on our defined strategic initiatives and despite the global uncertainties that continue to impact our operations. We're pleased with the strong sales growth, operating leverage and cash flow performance this quarter. Last quarter, we outlined our plans to create value as we leveraged GPC global capabilities to simplify and integrate our operations. We do so to improve the customer experience, to increase the speed and efficiency of execution and to deliver winning performance. This includes continuous investments to position GPC for near and long-term profitable growth. The key pillars of our investments include talent, sales effectiveness, digital, supply chain and emerging technologies. Around the globe, the teams executed well against our strategic priorities. For example, on talent, we announced last month that Naveen Krishna joined the company as Chief Information and Digital Officer. Naveen will help lead our strategy and execution for all technology and digital initiatives. He comes to GPC with more than 25 years of technology experience with companies such as Macy's, Home Depot, Target and FedEx. We're excited to welcome Naveen as we continue to innovate on the customer experience, accelerate the pace of technology execution and build capabilities that advance our long-term strategy. Other examples of recent talent investments include category management, field sales and services, indirect sourcing, pricing, diversity-equity inclusion, digital data and inventory leadership to name a few. Investment in our people is always a priority as we execute our mission to be an employer of choice. To highlight other examples of our initiative momentum and local execution, Paul and I recently had the opportunity to spend time in person with our European teammates and they showcase great examples of the strategic initiatives and winning team performance. For example, we discuss details of the growth plans for a recent bolt-on investment Winparts an online leader of automotive parts and accessories. We expect this investment to provide new capabilities and accelerate our European digital vision. We visited a best-in-class distribution facility in the Netherlands that increased operating productivity by approximately 20% over the past few years with automation investments and process excellence initiative. We received an update on the consolidation of 10 back office shared service centers in France to one national location in France to drive costs and process efficiencies. And we saw firsthand the power and differentiation of the NAPA brand in the local market. Although these are only a few select examples in Europe, in each of our automotive and industrial businesses we see similar examples of focused strategic execution that are delivering results. We also executed well on our acquisition strategy during the quarter. The M&A environment is active and we remain disciplined to pursue strategic and value creating transactions. For example, in addition to Winparts, we completed several other bolt-on acquisitions to deliver growth, add capabilities and create value. The North American and European automotive teams completed various store acquisitions that increase our position in key strategic geographies and extend existing customer relationships. Our automotive team in Asia-Pac also executed to bolt-on strategic acquisitions, including rare spares, a market leader in the niche segment of automotive restoration parts and accessories and PARts DB, a leading cloud-based product and supplier data platform that will enhance our e-commerce and data capabilities. We enter the third quarter with strong momentum as our automotive and industrial markets recover and we execute our plans. We continue to analyze and respond to areas that challenge our daily operations such as COVID-19, inflation, global logistics and product and labor availability. For example, the global and local procurement teams partner closely with all levels of our suppliers to effectively assess product availability and delivery trends. We have processes in place backed with data and analytics to create visibility into direct and indirect inflation trends. We utilize GPC scale and relationships, including dedicated GPC resources in Asia to address our global logistics needs. And we continue to address labor challenges with competitive pay and benefits, flexible work programs, creative incentives to attract talent, a differentiated culture and compelling career opportunities. We believe our team's well-positioned to remain agile as we focus on what we can control and navigate these macro global headwinds. Overall, we're very pleased with our performance through the first half of the year, and look forward to sharing our continued progress next quarter. I'll now turn the call over to Carol to review the financial details.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Will. Total GPC sales were $4.8 billion in the second quarter, up 25%. Our gross margin improved to 35.3%, an increased from 33.8% last year or up 120 basis points from an adjusted gross margin of 34.1%. Our improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by the increase in supplier incentives. Although we also continue to benefit from channel and geographical mix shifts, positive product mix, strategic category management initiatives including pricing and global sourcing strategies. In the second quarter, there was significant pricing activity with our suppliers resulting in product cost inflation. We were positioned to pass these increases onto our customers and the impact of price inflation was neutral to gross margin. We estimated 1.5% impact of inflation in automotive sales for the quarter and a 1% impact in industrial. Based on the current environment, we expect this to increase further through the second half of the year. Our total adjusted operating and non-operating expenses were $1.3 billion in the second quarter, up 28% from last year and 28.1% of sales. The increase from last year reflects the impact of several factors, including the prior year benefit of approximately $150 million in temporary savings related to the pandemic. The balance primarily relates to the increase in variable costs on the $1 billion and additional year-over-year sales. And to a lesser extent, we experienced rising cost pressures in areas such as wages, incentive compensation, freight, rents and health insurance, which we are managing. We also invested in projects associated with our transformation and other initiatives to drive growth and enhanced productivity. So overall, we continue to operate in line with our plans for the year, and we remain focused on gaining additional efficiency in the quarters ahead as you heard from Paul and Will. On a segment basis, our total segment profit in the second quarter was $441 million, up a strong 35%. Our segment profit margin was 9.2% compared to 8.6% last year, a 65 basis point year-over-year improvement and up 100 basis points from 2019. So strong operating results and a reflection of the work we have done to streamline our operations and optimize our portfolio over the last several years. We would add that for the full year we continue to expect our segment profit margin to improve by 20 basis points to 30 basis points from today 2020 or 60 basis points to 70 basis points from 2019. This would represent our strongest margin in five years. Our tax rate for the second quarter was 27.2% on an adjusted basis, up from 24.1% last year. The increase in rate primarily reflects a higher UK tax rate, partially offset by stock compensation excess tax benefits. Second quarter net income from continuing operations was $196 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.36. Our adjusted net income was $253 million or $1.74 per share, which compares to $191 million or $1.32 per share in the prior year, a 32% increase. Turning to our second quarter results by segment; our automotive revenue was $3.2 billion, up 28% from last year. Segment profit was $291 million, up 33% with profit margin improved to 9.1%, up 30 basis points from 2020 and a 90 basis point increase from 2019. We attribute the margin gain to the positive market conditions in our automotive business, and our team's intense focus on the execution of our growth and operating initiatives. We're encouraged by the positive momentum we will carry into the balance of the year. Our industrial sales were $1.6 billion in the quarter, up 20% from 2020. Segment profit of $150 million was up 38% from a year ago and profit margin improved to a strong 9.5%, a 130 basis point increase from both 2020 and 2019. So with this strengthening sales environment and continued operational improvement, this group continues to post excellent operating results, and we expect industrial perform well through the balance of the year. Now let's turn our comments to the balance sheet. At June 30th our total accounts receivable is up 4%. Despite the strong sales increase, this is primarily due to the additional sale of $300 million in receivables in the second half 2020. Inventory was up 10% consistent with our commitment to provide for inventory availability and our accounts payable increased 26%. Our AP to inventory ratio improved to 129% from 112% last year. We remain pleased with our progress in improving our overall working capital position. Our total debt is $2.5 billion, down $700 million or 22% from June of 2020, and down $160 million from December 31, 2020. We closed the second quarter with $2.5 billion in available liquidity, and our total debt to adjusted EBITDA has improved to 1.6 times from 2.9 times last year. Our team has done an excellent job of improving our capital structure over the last year. We continue to generate strong cash flow with another $400 million in cash from operations in the second quarter and $700 million for the six-month. For the full year we expect our earnings growth and working capital to drive 1.2 billion to 1.4 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow of $900 million to $1.1 billion. Our key priorities for cash remain the reinvestment in our businesses through capital expenditures, M&A, the dividends and share repurchases. We have invested $90 million in capital expenditures thus far in the year, and we expect these investments to pick-up further in the quarters ahead as we execute on additional investments to drive organic growth and improve efficiencies and productivity in our operations. As Will mentioned earlier, strategic acquisitions remain an important component of our long-term growth strategy. We've used approximately $97 million in cash for acquisitions through the six months. And we continue to cultivate a strong pipeline of targeted names and expect to make additional strategic and bolt-on acquisitions to compliment both our global automotive and industrial segments as we move forward. Consistent with our longstanding dividend policy, we have also paid a total cash dividend of more than $232 million to our shareholders through the first half of this year. This reflects the 2021 annual dividend of $3.26 per share and represents our 65th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. Finally, as part of our share repurchase program, we have been active with share buybacks since 1994. In the second quarter, we used $184 million to acquire 1.4 million shares. The company is currently authorized to repurchase up to 13 million additional shares, and we expect to remain active in this program in the quarters ahead. Turning to our outlook for 2021, we are updating our full-year guidance previously provided in our earnings release on April 22nd of 2021. In arriving at our updated guidance we considered several factors including our past performance and recent business trends, current growth plans and strategic initiatives, the potential for foreign exchange fluctuations, inflation and the global economic outlook. We also consider that consider uncertainties due to the market disruptions, such as with COVID-19 and its potential impact on our results. With these factors in mind, we expect total sales for 2021 to be in the range of plus 10% to plus 12% and increase from our previous guidance of plus 5% to plus 7%. As usual this excludes the benefit of any unannounced future acquisitions. By business we are guiding two plus 11 to plus 13% total sales growth for the automotive segment, an increase from the plus 5% to plus 7% and a total sales increase of plus 6% to plus 8% for the industrial segment, an increase for the plus four to plus 6%. On the earnings side, we are raising our guidance for adjusted diluted earnings per share to a range of $6.20 to $6.35, which is up 18% to 20% from 2020. This represents an increase from our previous guidance of $5.85 to $6.05. We enter the third quarter focused on our initiatives to meet or exceed these targeted results, and we look forward to reporting on our financial performance as we go through the year. Thank you. And I'll now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We are pleased with our progress in capturing profitable growth, generating strong cash flow and driving shareholder value. This quarter's 25% total sales growth reflects the benefits of a strengthening global economy and positive sales environment in both our automotive and industrial businesses. Importantly, this dual recovery allows us to leverage the full scale of one GPC, which we believe creates significant value. Our team also executed well and produced our 15th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, while further improving our productivity via ongoing expense initiatives. Our global team network and disciplined focus in these areas enabled us to report strong operating results and record quarterly earnings. Our exceptional balance sheet provides us with the financial flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities, the investments and organic and acquisitive growth, while also returning capital to shareholders through the dividends and share repurchases. The GPC team is focused on executing our growth strategy and operational initiatives to further enhance our financial performance in the remainder of 2021 and beyond. We thank you for your interest in GPC, and also thank each of our GPC teammates for their continued dedication, passion and commitment to be in the best in serving all our company's stakeholders. So with that, let me turn the call back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Chris.
Carol Yancey: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Horvers: So can you – it looks like, is it fair to say you're just assuming sort of the two year comp stacks hold in both divisions for the balance of the year and in related to the Motion side, Motion is not yet positive on a two year basis. What would – what's going to be the inhibitor that would not allow that to pause turn positive on a two year basis?
Carol Yancey: Yes, I think, Chris you're spot on. I think Motion is not positive on a two year stack yet. We are really encouraged by the fundamentals as Paul mentioned and the lag that we see in that business. We're encouraged by the activities going on. We are implying a similar trend for them in the second half, so on a – second half, mid-single digit, on a comp basis for them, but that still is just flattish to slightly up on a two year stack basis. And I think on the automotive side, I mean, I think again you're spot on sort of the second half mid-single digit on the automotive comps that we would be a bit higher than that in the U.S. So again, on a two year stack basis more normal mid-single digit on a two year stack basis, so similar to where we are now, but a bit better certainly in U.S. automotive.
Paul Donahue: Chris, I would add specifically to Motion. We and I think you've alluded to it in the past this recovery that we're seeing in both automotive and industrial. When you look at U.S. manufacturing, our customers are operating at higher run rates. They're accelerating CapEx, plants are returning to full production. If you look at the PMI numbers, you look at industrial production, all is very, very positive. So when you couple that with what we're seeing on capital projects really gaining steam, we're very, very bullish about our industrial business moving forward.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then as a follow-up, you talked about record average daily volumes. I think you were referring to U.S. NAPA in the month of June and you referred to momentum in the business. Maybe can you expand on that a little bit? And within that I think there is a lot of concerns out there on the DIY, DIY is not immaterial. It is 20% of the business. So could you perhaps talk about what you're seeing on the DIY side of the business in the U.S. as well?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. First, let me just comment on the specific numbers, Chris. So, we wrapped up Q1 with a record sales month for us in March. That momentum carried into Q2. We had a really solid quarter with May, June being our strongest, June being the strongest month and a record month again. And then as we moved into July again pleased to say that that's holding up. So we're really, really encouraged by what we're seeing in U.S. automotive. And specifically to DIY, we're not seeing a pullback in our strong DIY business. We're up low double-digits in Q2 and our two year stack I think raises well over 20%. So our teams have – as you know, and we've talked about this in the past, we've worked incredibly hard to get our retail footprint in what we believe to be much better in a much better selling mode than we've ever been. So could it pull back a little bit with the lack of stimulus money in the economy, it could be. I think we'll see that perhaps in some of the more retail focused competitors, but now we feel good, we feel good about our DIFM business and our DIY business going forward.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Jordan, your line is live. Sorry. Our next question comes from the line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on your commentary with regards to inflation that you had mentioned that you've seen about 150 bps of inflation in automotive and 100 in the industrials. How much of that is from just higher product costs versus transportation and labor? And how would you categorize this period of inflation versus 2019 with tariffs and the ability to manage it?
Carol Yancey: Yes look, if we look at our inflation, I would tell you first of all it is a bit unique and unprecedented as it relates to U.S. automotive for inflation. We haven't seen this kind of activity for a decade, if you will. And it is – as you mentioned, it's sort of similar to tariffs and that the pace that they're coming. Look, it is driven by what you said a combination of raw materials and freight and labor. And our teams work very closely from a category management perspective to work with the suppliers to look at commodity tracking and the cost model and the supplier line reviews. And while we don't break out specifically, how much is each component, trust me, the teams work with the suppliers on that. On the industrial side, it's more normal. So I would tell you their inflation is definitely more normal. And so what we do think is that second half will be more active than Q2. So we could see as much as two times the second quarter inflation rate in our second half, but again, couldn't be happier with the teams and all of our businesses and the work they're doing to pass those through to our customers and be able to get greater gross profit dollars, but maintain our gross margin rate. So we're working hard on that, and we are definitely optimistic as we look ahead that we'll be able to do that again in the second half.
Kate McShane: Okay. Thank you. And then my follow-up question is just around the global supply chain. Could you remind us if you have any meaningful exposure to Vietnam since that seems to be an area of the world that's having trouble dealing with the Delta variant right now?
Paul Donahue: Kate, we have no material exposure to Vietnam.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: And Kate, I would just add one other thing. We have our geographic diversification, if you will, is really great protection for us. So whether we have domestic suppliers we have European suppliers, we have Asian suppliers, we have the ability to have protection with a broad diversification amongst our geographies and supplier base.
Kate McShane: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll go back to the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hi, is it working this time?
Carol Yancey: Yes, it is.
Paul Donahue: Yes, we hear you, Bret.
Bret Jordan: I have a lot of phone problems on this call today. But I guess a question, did you give us the U.S. NAPA comp against the 2019 second quarter, I might have missed that.
Carol Yancey: Yes, the U.S. comp two year stack is mid-single digits.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then, I guess, question on the wage inflation that you're seeing, and I guess, a) the transitory, and b) what kind of cost increases are you seeing at the store level?
Carol Yancey: Yes, Bret, I think, what we would talk about on the wage inflation again similar to on the inflation on the product side this is a big factor in what we're seeing. I mean, all companies are seeing rising costs and inflation, certainly in wages and freight and as we mentioned some other categories. We do think when we looked at our SG&A this quarter that our inflation in our SG&A was certainly greater than the product inflation, so more like a 2% in our cost. And that ended up being about 50 to 60 basis points on our SG&A. And we certainly didn't have that in Q1, so we did have that in Q2. But look we're working hard with investments and projects and again weather, Will mentioned it, whether it's transformation or strategic investments in productivity, but we do think this inflation in wages stays with us. We don't believe it's necessarily transitory for this year. We're going to continue to work hard on it, but we think it stays with us for a bit.
Bret Jordan: Okay.
Paul Donahue: Hi, Bret, I would also add that it's a very surgical approach by geography, by job type. So we've done a lot of really good thinking and analytics to make sure that we're hitting the areas of the business that are most impacted, but just want to share that perspective.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then a question on regional performance, I think you called out weather as one of the positives. Could you talk about sort of in the U.S. auto market, about the highlights and the low lights and maybe the spread in the comp between the peak and the valley?
Paul Donahue: Yes, this quarter, Bret, was unprecedented with the strong double-digit growth we saw across all six of our divisions leading the pack for us as our guys up in the Northeast. But they were impacted the most last year. So it does stand to reason a bit, but really strong performance in the east, going down to the Atlantic. Also pleased though out West in the mountain division, these guys continue to deliver. So top to bottom, the division out of the sixth the – of the sixth, we had a spread anywhere from 25% to 26% on the top end and 20% on the bottom, so all really, really strong performance across the U.S.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome, Bret.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I have really two questions. Let's start on inflation just to make sure I'm getting this right. The 150 is in the product COGS, but then there is also SG&A inflation. I guess, asked another way, what sort of a top-line benefit or do you expect to see indeed the pass through? Is it 3% or 4% to offset all the areas of costs inflation that you're getting either yourself or with the jobbers?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look because of our transformation work that we did and some of the cost saving work that we've done, we think it's less than 3% that we would have to have if you will to pass through. But it's – definitely this is more specific to U.S. automotive. So we want to make sure that again as we've talked about this product inflation and honestly even to a same extent, the inflation and wages and whatnot, it is a little more prevalent in U.S. automotive. So it's, again, we are able to leverage our costs with less than 3% comp. So that's something that we achieved with our cost savings. So we're just going to keep again, we've got a lot of initiatives in place. I want to just remind you though we still have full year operating margin improvement, in our full year we've got the 20 to 30 basis points operating margin improvement. So we still feel good about being able to deliver that this year.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then may be linked to that on the margin side, you mentioned vendor bonuses helping. Is that more relevant to automotive or industrial?
Carol Yancey: Yes, actually that's on the gross margin side. And so our gross margin improvement in the quarter, the 120 bps, about a third of that was volume incentives. That's both on automotive and industrial, and it's directly related to the additional billion dollars of revenue that we had and tied to the product purchases. So about a third of the gross margin was improved volume incentives, a third of it was from mix, we've talked about geographical mix, product mix, customer mix, and then a third is just from our strategic category management initiatives and pricing initiatives. So again, feeling good about gross margin as we look ahead.
Greg Melich: And I'm going to sneak one end, if I could. You said July call was as strong as June, is that…
Paul Donahue: July – go ahead, I'm sorry, Greg.
Greg Melich: Is that equal in both commercial and for DIY? Or is one sort of taking the lead on that?
Paul Donahue: Yes, our DIFM business, Greg, as you heard, is very, very strong and that goes across our major account business, which has really, really bounced back strong. Our AutoCare – NAPA AutoCare business has really strong. What we're really pleased with Greg is our government in fleet business, which has lagged behind our AutoCare and major account recovery. That business has bounced back with high single-digit growth. So DIFM really continues to carry the load, which by the way we fully expected as the economy bounced back as miles driven really began to ramp back up. Our – there's so much pent-up demand out there. Our garages are as busy as we have seen them in quite some time. So DIFM continues to carry the weight. And we think as, as we have seen in recent years, DIFM is going to continue to be really strong.
Greg Melich: That's great. Well, good luck everyone. Have a great one.
WillStengel: Okay. Thanks, Greg.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. I guess my first question is around something like global supply chain challenges that you and most are facing. Do you feel like you're missing sales because you're out of stock of certain products or product categories?
WillStengel: Look, here's what I would say that the – we're all dealing with supply chain issues. All of our peers are as well-documented as you said. Our primary challenge is not in the industrial business, it's not in our international business. It's primarily a U.S. automotive business issue, which is just as a reminder about a third of our overall. I've got a tremendous amount of confidence in our global sourcing team and we're very confident they're doing everything they can. I would tell you, Seth, that at this time being a global player having the size and scale that we have, we do believe that that we're getting as good of supply as anybody in the automotive aftermarket and our team is working incredibly hard to ensure that that remains the case. We're missing sales here and there, you would have to – you would certainly have to believe we are, but we also believe that that will come back and our suppliers, we think it's transitory. We know it's transitory. They'll get it together. And we fully expect that to come back probably later in the second half could even – could even carry a bit into 2022.
Seth Basham: That's helpful color. And I am thinking about your guidance and the implied operating margins for the balance of the year. It seems like you're expecting incremental margins to not be quite as strong going forward with very strong improvement in your sales outlook and limited improvement in your margin outlook. Is there a reason for that that you could help us understand?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look, I think our implied margin outlook for the rest of the year, the full year, and compared to what we had last quarter, it would be similar. I mean, we are and again, we have considered some of the factors as we've talked about inflation on our costs, but we'd considered the stronger growth, we've considered the stronger top line. And I think when you look at our margin improvement, I mean, it's the two-year basis when you go back to 2019, having that stronger margin improvement year-over-year is something that we expect to deliver. So I think again we have a little bit of cautiousness as we look ahead, but it's still improved margin for 2020 and on a two-year basis it's 70 basis points to 80 basis points for 2019.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you very much.
WillStengel: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Liz Suzuki with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you. Just I guess, since we've now lapsed a periods last year that were most severely impacted, which specific customer groups or regions do you think are still running below normalized levels or are still being negatively impacted by the pandemic?
WillStengel: Well, Liz, great question. I would tell you that I mentioned earlier our great bounce back in our major account business, out AutoCare business, [indiscernible] government that, that segment while up high-single digits in the quarter is still trending a bit behind some of the other categories. So that, I guess that would be the one that I would call out. But it's hard – it's hard to call out our team when they're delivering a high-single digit increase in that product or in that customer category.
Liz Suzuki: Yes. I mean, fair enough. Is it the same – in the case of the industrial group, what do you think are the customer groups that are still pretty far below normalized levels. They're still have the most potential room for recovery?
WillStengel: Yes. So on the industrial side if you look at the one area where we were lagging a bit year-over-year was in the safety type products. But if I look across the industries just about everyone is putting up tremendous numbers. I've mentioned equipment and machinery as really being strong. A new category that we're looking at fulfillment and logistics, which is all distribution center, related is really strong. We've had some challenges on the OE automotive primarily due to shortage in the chips. But that's going to – that's going to come back. So again, all in all our motion team is performing at an incredibly high level and had a great quarter.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you.
WillStengel: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Thanks, I appreciate you give in. I wanted to go back to the SG&A outlook you touched on Carol. I get things are inflationary and you noted that's accelerating, but I think you also mentioned some of the leverage was from investments in specific projects for future transformation. Can you provide any more color on what that is? And then a related question, obviously you removed a lot of costs last year with the business. How has the pace of bringing those costs back been this year relative to your expectations? Have you been able to keep some of those structural costs out?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So when we look at our SG&A and I'll go about it a couple of different ways for the quarter. So this quarter the comparison to last year was our highest level of temporary cost savings. We had over $150 million costs – temporary cost savings last year in Q2, significant portion was government subsidies, payroll deduction, delayed merit increases, furloughs. So we knew this would be our toughest quarter on those. So that's honestly about half of the increase in the dollar increase in SG&A. The increase in variable costs, as I mentioned, I mean, we have incremental $1 billion more in sales. So about a third of the increase was related to bringing back the variable costs to handle the volume. And then the investments in projects, a relatively small amount but an important amount. So that is investments, Will mentioned some of the productivity improvements we're doing. We've got in our industrial business automation in their warehouses, in our automotive business, consolidating facilities and putting in further automation, investments in pricing, and digital initiatives. So that was roughly say 5% of the dollar increase. And then the, the remaining amount roughly 10% of the dollar increase was the rising cost and inflation. What I would tell you is we have kept the permanent cost savings that we had last year, which ended up being $150 million on a target of $100 million. And in bringing back these costs, I mean, we had just a surge in growth. And so you do have to bring in those variable costs. What we didn't really expect was the rising costs and inflation, but thank goodness we did the work we did on the transformation team. And again, we continue to see some investments and projects as we look ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That's helpful color. And there's a follow-up on the M&A. Obviously things seem like they're picking up as we hopefully further away from this pandemic. Can you talk about what cellar multiples are and maybe by geography, it looks like you bought a little bit kind of across the automotive landscape, but given maybe some of these customers had elevated results last year, maybe some were weaker. Are sellers coming to the table with reasonable multiples or how hard is it to find a deal that you actually like right now?
WillStengel: Yes. It's a great question, Daniel. I would say you're right. The M&A environment is very active. I would say that the market is working through the expectations of sellers. You're right in thinking that those expectations are pretty high. I think for us the key takeaway for everybody to hear is the discipline that we have around doing the right deal. So we look at a lot of deals to do a few and do the right ones where we can create a ton of values. So you're right though, we're actively working the pipeline. We will continue to work the pipeline, but we're going to stay very disciplined on doing the right deals for ourselves.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Daniel, I would also mentioned, we're very selective in our M&A targets and I think a couple that were called out were Winparts, which is a online – a leading online player in Europe and that – that's – it's very targeted. We want to further our online presence across our European markets and we found a great partner in Winparts and so more to come on that later. Will and I were actually in the Netherlands last week. Our first international trip in 18 months, spend a half day with this group and very impressive and we think nice upside in the future.
Daniel Imbro: And here's the quick related follow-up. Can you disclose what kind of multiples you typically try to pay for these kinds of assets in the automotive segment?
WillStengel: Daniel, we're not going to disclose that at this time.
Daniel Imbro: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
WillStengel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question today comes from the line of David Bellinger with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Bellinger: Hey everybody. Thanks for taking the question here. So I believe you mentioned a stronger ticket in U.S. automotive that's actually due to inflation, but is there anything else behind that on the consumer side that really stands out? Just to give a larger ticket repairs, shift older used vehicles, anything else there and just how sustainable can that trend be?
WillStengel: Yes. David, we've seen a nice bounce up in our average ticket size and we've been watching that for a number of years. Our ticket count was a little bit of a concern where we saw bit of a decline in recent years. What we're really excited about these past couple of quarters is we're watching both ticket count and average ticket size go up. And in this past quarter both were up high-single digits. So we think that's a long-term trend as parts continued to get more and more expensive. And as repair orders continue – the average repair order continues to move up. So again, we're pleased – especially pleased to see our traffic up, but also ticket up and both going in the right direction.
David Bellinger: All right, appreciate that. Then my follow-up here; can you expand upon some of the earlier comments around labor constraints that we're talking about? Are you raising wages in the U.S. NAPA stores and DCs now? Is there more overtime given worker shortages, maybe just walk us through what you're seeing and any quantification of higher costs if you can?
Carol Yancey: Yes. David, the answer is yes to all those things. I mean, again you've got an extremely tough labor market in the U.S. There are labor shortages everywhere, and whether it's stores, it's warehouses, it's delivery drivers, our teams are working tirelessly and there is additional overtime, there's temp help, there's contract labor, and you don't have 20% increases in volume. As Paul mentioned 20%, 25% increases in volume across these geographies with a labor shortage. And so we're doing all we can to take some burdens off our team and to make sure that we can properly service our customers. But it is we are raised raising wages in certain areas and certain categories. And I think as we mentioned, I mean, it was roughly 50 basis points to 60 basis points when you look at overall inflation on our SG&A. Wages being the biggest part and freight being the secondary component.
WillStengel: Hey, David, I would also just tag onto that to say that, and to clarify that the issue is primarily in our U.S. automotive business and it's in the retail stores, it's roles like delivery drivers that are coming a bit under pressure. We're not seeing this type of pressure in our industrial business, nor are we seeing it much on the international side. So again the one-third of our business, U.S. automotive is where we're feeling the impact and primarily in our retail stores, delivery drivers, those type – those type roles.
David Bellinger: Yes. Yes. Very helpful. Thanks again, and best of luck as you go through the rest half year.
WillStengel: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to management for any final comments.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next call for Q3. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sidney Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Will Stengel, our President; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  As a reminder, today's conference call and webcast include a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations website.  Please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website.  Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call.  Now I'll turn it over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. We appreciate you joining us today and hope you're staying safe and well. We are pleased with the strong start to 2021 and ongoing recovery in our automotive and industrial businesses.  The GPC team remain focused on solid execution and in delivering strong financial results through improving sales trends, increasing operational efficiencies and enhancing customer value. Through the quarter, we operated thoughtfully, with the physical and mental well-being of our employees the top priority as our 50,000-plus GPC teammates are the core of our success.  Turning now to our first quarter financial results. Total sales for the quarter were $4.5 billion, up 9% from last year, and significantly improved from the 1% sales decrease in the fourth quarter of 2020. Gross margins was also a positive, representing our 14th consecutive quarter of year-over-year gross margin expansion. And our teams in the field continue to do a great job of managing our expenses through ongoing cost actions and the carryover of expense reductions implemented last year. These results drove a 41% increase in operating profit and an 8.1% operating margin, which is up 180 basis points from the first quarter of last year.  Our strong operating performance drove net income of $218 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.50, up 88%. We also continued to fortify our balance sheet, ensuring ample liquidity and solid cash flow. We are proud of our teams, and we are encouraged by our results, and we intend to build on this momentum throughout 2021.  Turning now to our business segments. Automotive represented 66% of total sales in the first quarter, and industrial was 34%. By region, 73% of revenues were attributable to North America, with 16% in Europe and 11% in Asia Pac.  Total sales for global automotive were $3 billion, a 14% increase from 2020 and much improved from a 1% increase in Q4 of 2020. Comp sales were up 8%, improved from a 2% decrease in the fourth quarter, and segment profit margin was up 250 basis points, driven by strong operating results in each of our automotive operations.  Sales were driven by positive sales comps across all our operations, with 15% comps in Europe and Asia Pac, 7% comps in the U.S. and 3% comps in Canada. The ongoing global economic recovery, including financial stimulus in the U.S., improving inventory availability, favorable weather conditions and our focus on key growth initiatives were all sales drivers in the quarter. We would add that while we continue to expect a reasonable level of inflation as we move through 2021, price inflation was not a factor in our first quarter sales.  In Europe, sales were much improved from Q4 as our team capitalized on the strengthening sales environment despite lockdowns throughout the region. In addition, initiatives to grow key accounts enhance inventory availability and the ongoing launch of the NAPA brand continue to prove effective in driving profitable growth and market share gains. For the quarter, our teams in France and the U.K. outperformed in the region with strong double-digit sales comps. We would also call out a much improved performance by our team in the Benelux region. The strong sales recovery, combined with excellent expense controls, produced a 500 basis point improvement in operating margin, so a terrific start to the year for our European operations.  In Asia Pac, our automotive sales remained in line with the mid-teens growth we experienced through the second half of 2020. For the quarter, both retail and commercial sales held strong as the region operated through multiple lockdowns associated with the pandemic. Retail sales, which represent over 40% of our total sales volume through our Repco stores continue to outperform, posting a 33% increase in March and plus-24% in the quarter.  Our commercial sales continue to accelerate as well, posting double-digit sales growth in the quarter. We continue to benefit from the strength in online sales, which reached record highs at 3x pre-COVID levels. Finally, building on the NAPA brand name has been well received, and we remain focused on growing our NAPA presence in the region.  Summing it up, this group continues to perform at a very high level on both the top and bottom lines, resulting in 150 basis point improvement and profit margin for the quarter. In North America, comp sales in the U.S. were up 7%, helping this business post a 180 basis point increase in profit margins. In Canada, we operated through a variety of regional lockdowns, which impacted our larger markets of Ontario and Québec. Comp sales were up 3% and operating margin was up 130 basis points.  Sales in the U.S., which posted its strongest quarterly comp since the first quarter of 2015, were driven by solid growth in both the retail and commercial segments. This was our first quarter of positive commercial comps since pre-pandemic, and our team produced record sales volumes in the month of March. In addition, both ticket and traffic counts were positive on both our retail and commercial transactions, marking our first increase in traffic counts in several quarters.  By region, the Atlantic, Midwest and West groups posted the strongest growth, although we would also call out our Northeast group, which produced solid growth in the quarter. This is notable that this region of the U.S. has been most affected by the COVID-19 lockdowns over the past 13 months. Likewise, we would add that product sales in categories such as batteries, tools and equipment and brakes were strong this quarter. We are especially encouraged to see the rebound in our brakes business, which generally is a positive indicator for our commercial business.  On the retail side, which continues to outperform with strong double-digit growth, we continue to drive sales via investments in retail specialists and store refreshes as well as targeted promotions. We would also call out our ongoing omnichannel investments and the increase in B2C online sales, which reached record levels in the quarter and were up 150% from the prior year.  For commercial sales, our other wholesale category of independent garage customers, continued to generate strong growth. We have been encouraged by the number of new accounts we are serving. Clearly, our investments in increasing the number of professional salespeople on the Street has been effective in attracting new customers to NAPA.  We were also pleased to see improved sales with our NAPA Auto Care and major account customers, which posted positive sales growth for the first time in several quarters. Sales to the fleet and government group were down year-over-year, but sequentially improved from the fourth quarter. And we look for further improvement in sales to this segment.  As we look ahead, we are excited for the growth opportunities we see for our global automotive segment. We expect further improvement in aftermarket fundamentals such as increased miles driven, a growing vehicle fleet and an increase in vehicles age 6 to 12 years, all favorable for the industry. We can assure you we remain focused on our initiative to deliver customer value and ultimately, sell more parts for more cars. These plans include further enhancing our inventory availability, strengthening our supply chain, and investing in our omnichannel capabilities. In addition, we expect to expand our global store footprint with additional bolt-on acquisitions, changeovers and new greenfield stores to further enhance our competitive positioning.  So now let's discuss the global Industrial Parts Group. Total sales for this group were $1.5 billion, flat with last year. Comp sales were down 2%, improved from a 4% decrease in Q4 and reflecting the third consecutive quarter of improving sales trends. March was a breakout month with the North American Motion team posting a 7% increase in average daily sales and achieving record sales volumes. This was a tremendous accomplishment and another turning point for GPC and our emergence from the pandemic.  The ongoing recovery over the last 9 months is in line with the continued improvement in the industrial economy, which you can see in several key indicators for our business. For perspective, PMI was 64.7% in March, an increase of 4.2 points from December 31. In addition, industrial production increased by 2.5% in the first quarter, the third consecutive quarter of expansion following the significant downturn in the second quarter of 2020.  Importantly, we can see these positive indicators translating to more activity with our customers, which are operating at higher run rates as well as releasing capital project orders. The strengthening sales environment, along with our initiatives to drive growth and control cost, produced an 80 basis point margin improvement with segment profit margin at 8.3% versus 7.5% last year.  Diving deeper into our Q1 sales, we would start by saying that inflation remains a nonfactor in our numbers thus far. That said, we are seeing more pricing activity and expect another year of 1% to 2% price inflation from our suppliers. For the quarter, we experienced improving sales trend among virtually all product categories and industries third. We were especially encouraged by the recovery in the equipment and machinery, aggregate and cement, and wood and lumber sectors, all key industry groups for us.  In addition, we continue to benefit from the build-out of our omnichannel capabilities, with digital sales up 2x from the first quarter in 2020. A key driver of our digital growth relates to our inside sales center, which is generating incremental sales to new Motion customers. While still a relatively small percentage of total sales, we are excited by the potential for future sales growth.  We also remain focused on growing our services and solution businesses to expand our expertise and sales opportunities in areas such as equipment repair, conveyance and automation. We have made several bolt-on acquisitions to build scale in these areas, and our services and solutions capabilities remain a key consideration in our overall M&A strategy for the industrial business.  To further ensure profitable sales growth, we continue to enhance our pricing and category management strategies. In addition, we plan to continue to optimize our supply chain network and further improve our productivity while delivering exceptional customer service.  Closing out our industrial comments. We remain bullish about our Motion business, and we are excited to see this team moving back into a growth mode.  So now I'll conclude my remarks by providing a brief update on our ESG initiatives. As outlined in our corporate sustainability report, GPC embraces our responsibility to innovate in ways that provide for our environment, our associates and the communities in which we operate. In Q1, we expanded our training and development programs to ensure personal growth and enhance our comprehensive well-being program focused on the emotional, financial and physical health of our GPC teammates. Additionally, we continue to make progress in the advancement of our corporate commitment to diversity and inclusion. We are actively recruiting talent that is representative of the communities we serve, training our teammates to mitigate unconscious bias and model inclusive behaviors while strengthening partnerships that support our D&I initiatives.  Finally, we remain focused on our mission to be good corporate citizens where we both work and live. Since 1928, we have been giving back to communities and causes that make a difference, and that legacy continues in 2021.  So now, I'll turn it over to Will for his remarks. Will?
William Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. First, I want to congratulate the global GPC team on the performance this quarter. I'd also like to thank our customers for their loyalty and our suppliers for their partnership. As Paul mentioned, our team delivered solid performance in the first quarter and had strong momentum. The environment has improved compared to 2020, but we remain cautious as global uncertainty continues to be a part of doing business each day. Areas of attention for us include COVID-19, inflation, global logistics and product and labor availability. We also have more challenging year-over-year comparisons that will require sustained momentum during the second half of the year. Despite the uncertainty, the GPC team is energized and focused to deliver performance.  I'll now share some additional perspective on our strategic initiatives in progress. The foundation of our priorities is based on the customer experience and understanding their needs and working to exceed their expectations. We are analyzing and listening to customer feedback and our corresponding strength and opportunities. In the simplest terms, our customers need us to be easy to do business with, reliable and helpful. This independent data reinforces our priorities and serves as a guiding principle in terms of required action and strategic investments.  To deliver a best-in-class customer experience, we have opportunities to simplify and integrate our existing operations. The global teams are executing multiyear plans to realign teams, streamline processes, improve operational productivity and reduce costs. These initiatives will not only create operating efficiency but also enable faster team executions, deliver a better customer experience and accelerate profitable growth. I'd like to highlight a few initiatives that illustrate our efforts to simplify and integrate.  For example, we're working to optimize facilities footprint and coverage, simplify and integrate disparate legacy IT systems, streamline back-office support functions, offshore noncustomer-facing functional activities and centralized GPC indirect sourcing processes as a few examples. As we simplify and integrate, we're simultaneously investing in our core business and positioning for the future. Our strong cash flow, solid capital structure and disciplined capital allocation provide the flexibility needed to continue to make these investments. Key pillars of our core investments include talent, sales force effectiveness, digital, supply chain and emerging vehicle technologies.  A few highlights of our progress across the key pillars during the quarter include: one, talent. We continue to take deliberate action across the globe to recognize high-potential talent, infuse new capabilities into the organization and recruit diverse talent that is representative of the communities we serve. Examples include category management, digital, emerging vehicle technology and field leadership roles to name a few. Talent will always be a priority area of investment as we strive to be an employer of choice for teammates that share our DPC values and want to play a leadership role in our exciting future.  Two, sales force effectiveness. Data and analytics to understand our unique customer segments, the different needs of each segment, and associated strategies to serve the segment is a foundational element of sales force effectiveness. The sales efforts reflect our omnichannel initiatives and include an increasing mix of both traditional selling and digital strategies. As an example, the U.S. automotive team revamped its sales intensity with new reporting and tools to track customer visits, digital tools to communicate with field sales teammates and enhanced virtual product and skills training. In addition, in 2021, the U.S. automotive team adjusted compensation programs to better align incentives with profitable growth.  Three, digital. As I mentioned, digital is a foundational priority as we deliver a best-in-class customer experience and accelerate profitable growth. Our businesses delivered excellent performance via digital channels in the quarter. We continue to see strong increases versus prior year across our global digital channels. Digital still represents a relatively small portion of our total sales, and we're excited about the compelling digital vision our teams are executing. Related, we continue to invest in foundational digital elements, including catalog, search and other critical customer experience elements such as ease of ordering, pricing and analytics.  Four, supply chain. Our supply chain initiatives are focused to ensure we have the right product available in the right market at the right time. We're continuously executing inventory, facility, productivity, logistics and technology strategies to achieve this goal. One solid example is the success the U.S. industrial team enjoyed with recent facility automation investments that delivered a 500% labor productivity improvement. Other select examples would be enhanced workforce management and delivery tracking tools in the U.S. automotive business.  Lastly, emerging vehicle technologies. We aspire to lead as it relates to the opportunities that emerging vehicle technologies present for our automotive industries. We believe we have a unique position to leverage, including our scaled global footprint, diverse portfolio, leading global brands, established customer supplier relationships and One GPC team approach. Through our planning process, we developed a multidimensional strategy to address electric vehicle trends. A few select highlights include: the alignment of talent 100% dedicated to developing and executing EV strategies, product and category management strategies with existing and new SKUs, global supplier councils with existing strategic partners, advisory groups leveraging our 25,000 global repair center relationships and partnerships with strategic EV market participants. While we acknowledge the focus on critical initiatives that deliver near and medium term performance, we're taking action to build out and act on an exciting future vision.  Lastly, strategic bolt-on acquisitions are a key part of our GPC growth strategy. We utilize acquisitions to acquire new customers, further penetrate existing priority markets and our new geographies, acquire product and service capabilities and acquire talent. We also believe our acquisition capabilities position us well as we selectively consider and test new business models. Our acquisition pipeline remains active and actionable given the fragmentation of our markets. We believe our scale, market-leading brands, global footprint and unique culture position us to be an acquirer of choice. We will remain selective and disciplined as we execute this important part of our strategy.  Similar to the approach utilized for our 2019 cost savings plan, the global teams developed tools in a monthly cadence to create visibility and status on initiatives. This approach not only helps drive performance, but also helps to share best practices around the globe as One GPC team.  In summary, I hope today's remarks reinforce our sense of focus and global teamwork. We will remain agile as the global environment continues to evolve, and we will remain focused on what we can control as we execute through the balance of the year and beyond.  Thank you, and I'll now turn it to Carol to review the financial performance details.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Will. We will begin with a review of our key financial information, and then we will provide an update on our full year outlook for 2021. Total GPC sales were $4.5 billion in the first quarter, up 9% from last year and improved from the 0.7% decrease in the fourth quarter. Gross margin was 34.5%, a 60 basis point improvement compared to 33.9% in the first quarter last year. Our steady progress and improving gross margin continues to reflect the positive impact of a number of initiatives, including our pricing and global sourcing strategies, and we also benefited from a sales mix shift to higher gross margin operations. We would add that the level of supplier incentives in the quarter were in line with last year and neutral to gross margin. And as Paul mentioned earlier, there was minimal impact of price inflation in our first quarter sales, and this is true for gross margin as well.  As we move through the year, we will continue to execute on our initiatives to drive additional gross margin gains via positive product mix shift, strategic pricing tools and analytics, global sourcing advantages and also strategic category management initiatives. Our selling, administrative and other expenses were $1.2 billion in the first quarter, up 4.6% from last year or up 5.3% from last year's adjusted SG&A. This reflects an improvement to 26.8% of sales this year, which is down nearly 100 basis points from 27.7% last year. So tremendous progress and primarily due to the favorable impact of our cost savings generated in 2020 as well as ongoing cost control measures and also improved leverage on our stronger sales growth. Our progress in these areas was slightly offset by rising costs in freight expenses, which we're closely managing; and planned increases in our technology spend, which supports our strategic initiatives, as Will covered earlier.  Our total operating and nonoperating expenses were $1.3 billion in the first quarter, up 2.2% from last year or up 2.1% compared to last year's adjusted expenses. First quarter expenses include the benefit of approximately $20 million related to gains on the sale of real estate and favorable retirement plan valuation adjustments that are reported to the other nonoperating income line. All in, our total expenses for the quarter improved to 28.1% of sales, down 190 basis points from 30.0% in 2020.  Total segment profit in the first quarter was $361 million, up a strong 41% on the 9% sales increase, and our segment profit margin was 8.1% compared to 6.3% last year, a 180 basis point increase. In comparison to 2019, our segment profit margin has improved by 100 basis points. So solid improvement and our strongest first quarter profit margin since 2015, a reflection of the positive momentum we're building in our businesses.  Our net interest expense of $18 million was down from $20 million in 2020 due to the decrease in total debt and more favorable interest rates relative to last year. The corporate expense line was $31 million in the quarter, down from $55 million in 2020, due primarily to the favorable real estate gains and retirement plan adjustment discussed earlier. Our tax rate for the first quarter was 23.8%, in line with the reported rate last year and improved from the prior year adjusted rate of 26.5%. This improvement primarily relates to the favorable tax impact of stock options exercise as well as the previously mentioned real estate gains and retirement plan adjustments.  Our first quarter net income from continuing operations was $218 million with diluted earnings per share of $1.50. This compares to $0.84 per diluted share in the prior year or an adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.80 for an 88% increase.  So now let's turn to our first quarter results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the first quarter was $3 billion, up 14% from the prior year. Segment profit of $236 million was up a strong 65% with profit margin at 8.0% compared to 5.5% margin in the first quarter last year. The 250 basis point increase in margin was driven by the continued recovery in the automotive business and the execution of our growth and operating initiatives. We were pleased to have each of our automotive businesses expand their margins for the third consecutive quarter. In addition, we're encouraged that our first quarter margin also compares favorably to the first quarter of 2019, up 120 basis points. So a broad recovery across our operations, and we look for continued progress in the quarters ahead.  Our industrial sales were $1.5 billion in the quarter, flat with last year, and improved sequentially for the third consecutive quarter, which is consistent with the strengthening industrial economy. Our segment profit of $125 million was up 10% from a year ago, and profit margin was up 80 basis points to 8.3% compared to 7.5% last year. The improved margin for industrial reflects the third consecutive quarter of margin expansion in both our North American and Australasian industrial businesses, and is also up by 90 basis points from the first quarter of 2019. So another quarter of strong operating results for industrial, which we expect to continue with stronger sales growth projected through the remainder of the year.  So now let's turn our comments to the balance sheet. We continue to operate with a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity and the financial strength to support our growth strategy. At March 31, total accounts receivable is down 27% from last year, which is primarily a function of the $800 million in receivables sold in 2020. Our inventory was up 6% from the prior year, and accounts payable increased 14%. And our AP to inventory ratio improved to 124% from 116% in the last year. We are pleased with our progress in improving our overall working capital position, and we continue to believe we have opportunities for further improvement.  Our total debt is $2.6 billion at March 31, down $1 billion or 28% from last March and down $60 million from December 31, 2020. We significantly improved our debt position throughout the course of 2020 with the issuance of new public debt and a new revolving credit agreement that provides for expanded credit capacity and more favorable rates. With these positive changes to our debt structure, our total debt to adjusted EBITDA has improved to 1.8x from 2.5x last year. Additionally, we closed the first quarter with $2.6 billion in available liquidity, which is up from $1.1 billion at March 31 last year and in line with December 31.  We also continue to generate strong cash flow, generating $300 million in cash from operations in the first quarter, which is up from $28 million in the first quarter last year. With a strong start to the year, including the increase in net income and the improvement in working capital, we continue to expect cash from operations to be in the $1 billion to $1.2 billion range, and free cash flow of $700 million to $900 million.  Our key priorities for cash include the reinvestment in our businesses through capital expenditures, M&A, the dividend and share repurchases. We invested $48 million in capital expenditures in the first quarter, an increase from $39 million in 2020. Looking forward, we have plans for additional investments in our businesses to drive growth and improve efficiencies and productivity. We continue to expect total capital expenditures of approximately $300 million for the year.  As you heard from Will earlier, strategic acquisitions remain an important component of our long-term growth strategy. We continue to cultivate a strong pipeline of targeted names, and we expect to make additional strategic bolt-on acquisitions to complement both our global automotive and industrial segments in the months and quarters ahead.  In the first quarter, we paid a cash dividend of $114 million to our shareholders. The company has paid a cash dividend to shareholders every year since going public in 1928, and our 2021 dividend of $3.26 per share represents our 65th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. We have actively participated in a share repurchase program since 1994. While there were no repurchases in the first quarter, the company is currently authorized to repurchase up to 14.5 million additional shares, and we will resume share repurchases in the months and quarters ahead.  Turning to our outlook for 2021. We are updating our full year guidance previously provided in our earnings release on February 17, 2021. In arriving at our updated guidance, we considered several factors, including our past performance, current growth plans and strategic initiatives, recent business trends, the potential for foreign currency fluctuations, inflation and the global economic outlook. In addition, we consider the continued uncertainties due to market disruptions such as with COVID-19 and its potential impact on our results.  With these factors in mind, we expect total sales for 2021 to be in the range of plus-5% to plus-7%, an increase from our previous guidance of plus-4% to plus-6%. As usual, these growth rates exclude the benefit of any unannounced future acquisitions. By business, we are guiding to plus-5% to plus-7% total sales growth for the automotive segment an increase from plus-4% to plus-6%; and a total sales increase of plus-4% to plus-6% for the industrial segment, an increase from plus-3% to plus-5%.  On the earnings side, we are raising our guidance for diluted earnings per share to a range of $5.85 to $6.05, which is up 11% to 15% from 2020. This represents an increase from our previous guidance of $5.55 to $5.75. We enter the second quarter focused on our initiatives to meet or exceed these targeted results and we look forward to reporting on our financial performance as we go through the year.  Thank you, and I'll now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Looking ahead, the GPC team is excited for the ongoing recovery in the global economy and the growth prospects we see for both auto and industrial. Our strong balance sheet provides us the financial flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities, and we remain focused on executing our plans to capture profitable growth. Generate strong cash flow and drive shareholder value. As a result, we are optimistic that we can deliver strong financial results in the quarters ahead.  So in closing, we want to thank each of our GPC teammates for their continued support, dedication and commitment to being the best.  So thank you for your interest in Genuine Parts Company. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Can you talk about, well, I guess on a comp basis, I think you have 1 less day. So the reported comps, does that reflect -- are you including that as a headwind? And how would you size it up for each segment? And then just as a follow-up, you talked about record selling performance in Motion in March, I think it was plus 7 on a per day basis. Was there something unique about that performance? And what do that sort of March comp look like on a 2-year basis?
Carol Yancey: Yes, Chris. On -- you're right. We did have 1 less day in the quarter, and we did not reflect that in our comp sales numbers that are provided. So it would be about 1.5 points for each of our segments equally. The good thing is the rest of the year, we really won't have that. We will close the full year with the 1 less day. But we have not shown that or adjusted for it, if you will, in any of our comp numbers.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, relative to your question regarding Motion, and thanks for your question on Motion. We always like to talk about our industrial business. We had a breakout month in March. We've been waiting for it, honestly. If you look at all the indicators from PMI to industrial production, they've all been going up into the right. So we knew it was just really a matter of time. Motion got -- they got sidelined a little bit in February with the storm. It's knocked out a lot of our business down in the south, but they came roaring back in March. And honestly, this trend, and we've seen it before with Motion, when they get on a positive trend as they are now, our expectation, that's going to carry through the balance of the year.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then, Carol, on the gross margin, 34.5% in the first quarter and up on a two year basis, some of that is divestiture and so forth. But can you talk about the puts and takes going forward? Do you think gross margin could still see some modest expansion over time given the initiatives that you laid out? Or does DIY versus commercial mix and inflation, keep that more in check?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Chris, I would tell you, we fully anniversaried all the impact of divestitures and discontinued. So that is true core gross margin impact. And we are actually modeling and have been -- given what we did at our February call, continue to model improvement in gross margin for the full year 2021.  It is a function of our initiatives. I mean, you heard Will and myself talk about the number of initiatives. So we have had some great progress in strategic pricing tools and analytics. Our category management, global sourcing. We've had some product mix shifts as well. Our industrial team has done a tremendous job of just quarter-after-quarter increases. Our global sourcing teams, global tenders are really working out well. And we had really kind of a neutral impact on rebates for the quarter. So our full year, we do believe that gross margin will continue to improve and will be up for the full year.
Christopher Horvers: Okay. Then one last quick one. Looking at the balance sheet, I mean, that's -- you haven't -- I don't -- I'd have to look back, but I don't know if you've ever had that much cash sitting on the balance sheet. So typically, you target $50 million to $100 million kind of bolt-ons. Are you thinking something bigger there? Or how are you thinking about the potential to be more aggressive around share repurchase?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Chris, great question. And I think you're spot on, none of us recall having that much cash on the balance sheet. But as was prudent in 2020, we did look at conserving our cash and sort of prudently got ourselves in a great position. We do expect to return to more normal capital allocation. It is a little bit of a timing thing right now.  So you will see our M&A pipelines, as Will talked about. You will see the bolt-on type acquisitions that will come in. You're going to see our CapEx getting up to the $300 million.  And share buyback, again, we were somewhat precluded from buying in our shares with some of our debt agreements and where we had found ourselves. We expect to be in there buying, honestly, right away. We will do our normal share repurchase. And if we have the opportunity to do more, we'll certainly do that. So more normal capital allocation, and you'll see us putting that cash to use as we move ahead.
Operator: And our next question is from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Gregory Melich: I had two questions. I wanted to start with the cost reductions. I heard a 500 basis point improvement in labor productivity. And just wanted to sort of understand that and sort of what part could be sustainable if we think about what the sustainable operating margin of the business could be?
William Stengel: Yes. It's a great question. Thanks for asking it. That was a great case study in using technology inside the four walls of a distribution center. As we think about getting more productive with the number of people we have doing the work relative to technology. So think vertical lift modules, et cetera. And that's completely sustainable. That technology and that investment is in the building, and it will continue to improve as we move forward.
Carol Yancey: And Greg, I would just add a comment on the operating margin improvement. I mean, again, our operating margin outlook in long-term is sort of the 8.5% to 9% operating margin. We're implying about 30 basis point improvement this year in our 2021 results, and that is coming from a combination of gross margin and SG&A. And honestly, that's probably a 50 to 70 basis point improvement over 2019 as well.
Gregory Melich: Right. That's a structural part, effectively, it sounds like. That's great. And to pivot a bit on inflation, I think you mentioned it really wasn't material in the first quarter, but obviously, there's a lot of rise in input costs out there. So I'd just like to know what inflation are you seeing in the COGS or in your guidance are you assuming? And what would you expect that also, what inflation numbers in the top line?
Carol Yancey: Yes. You're right, we had pretty modest inflation for Q1 and really no impact on our sales or gross margin. As we look ahead, we do think that's going to come and probably more second half-weighted. We're looking at a 1% to 3% on the automotive side and a 1% to 2% on the industrial side. But quite honestly, with our initiatives, we believe we'll be able to continue to deliver on our improvement in gross margin and be able to pass that through. But we have not modeled that, if you will, into our guidance on sales. Quite honestly, if it hasn't hit us yet, we'll look forward to that being a tailwind as we move ahead.
Gregory Melich: Got it. So that's what you think, but it's not in the guidance that by the back half, it would be presumably at the upper end of those ranges you just gave?
Carol Yancey: That's correct. And you know our back half, we have sort of more normalized growth in the back half. And it's also not modeled into the cost side as well. So we'll update you as we move ahead on what we're seeing on the quarterly inflation, but we do expect it's coming.
William Stengel: Greg, it's Will. I might just add on the cost side. I mean, I alluded to it in the prepared remarks. But like everybody else, we're watching and seeing SG&A inflation in different parts of the world and in different parts of the business, ranging from wage inflation in selective geographies. You've got global logistics inflation. You've got commodity inflation. So we're watching that and doing good work around being cost productive to offset some of that inflation, but that's definitely something that we're working on actively every day.
Operator: Our next question is from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs.
Katharine McShane: I wondered if I could just ask about some of the contributors to comp. I know there was improvement in the fleet business. However, it was a drag. If you were able to quantify that.  And you didn't call out regional performance in the South East. And I just thought that would have been a place maybe where you would see more strength, given that it seems more open than the rest of the country at this point. So just wanted to get your comments on that.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Kate, thanks for your question. In terms of the breakdown, fleet did come back in Q1, which I think we referenced that in our last call, we did see an improvement. Our expectation is that fleet will turn positive in Q2 and remain positive through the balance of the year. As you break down the various segments, our retail business was off-the-charts strong. What we were really encouraged by is seeing our both major accounts and NAPA AutoCare center business turn positive, both close to mid single-digit growth in those categories. So yes, we really saw improvements across the board and are especially encouraged to see our heavy-duty fleet business government municipalities turning to a positive in Q2. And as far as regionality, Kate, I think I called out our northern regions. I would also call out -- in that mix, it includes our Atlantic division. Our Atlantic division really led the way in Q1 for us. And Atlantic comes down to the Carolinas, Virginia. So that is close to the south. Our southeast performed just fine, but just was not as strong as what we saw in our northern regions as well as our western region.
Katharine McShane: Okay. And I was wondering from a, just a follow-up question, you had mentioned that you were successful at signing up more commercial accounts, thanks to your new sales effort. Is there a way to quantify that or compare it to what you've seen in the last couple of quarters?
Paul Donahue: Well, if you look at our -- what we term other wholesale, Kate, that's -- some describe it as the up and down the street, smaller garages 1, 2 bays. That business was up 7% in the quarter. And again, we have not seen that kind of growth in some time. We know -- we made significant changes and enhancements to our sales force coming out of 2020. We literally have doubled the touch point. And we're getting out and we're seeing those customers, and it's reflected in our business. So we're bullish going forward and really pleased to see the DIFM category bounce back, as we expected it would in '21.
Operator: And our next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Scot Ciccarelli. I guess as a follow-up on Kate's question, would you, or maybe more importantly, your customers, attribute improved commercial business that you guys are seeing or saw in the quarter to better consumer mobility? Or given your regional commentary, because it seemed like it was more affected by weather patterns and like the harsh winter, et cetera, that we had?
Paul Donahue: Yes. I think it's all of the above, Scot. It -- as you know, in these calls, we tend to talk a good bit about weather, and we did see a more normalized winter this year. Certainly, that has an impact on our business. The bounce back in miles driven, while still not anywhere near the levels it was 2 years ago, it is coming back from where we were last year. And then I think the efforts that our NAPA team is making that Will touched on, with the many changes we made in our sales force and how we're going to market. So I really think it's a combination of our sales strategy. Our inventory availability at the street-level has improved. So it's really -- it's not one thing that I would point to. It's really a combination of really positive factors hitting at once. And what I think I'm most encouraged by, Scot, is we had this kind of quarter despite still being in COVID-related lockdowns in many parts of the world. Canada right now, Scot, is, as you would know, is in full lockdown. And yet our business still trended positive in the quarter. Our service levels and our supply from our suppliers is not where it would traditionally be. So look, we're quite proud of the quarter we had, but I would tell you, I think there's even upside when a few of these more headwinds we put behind us.
Scot Ciccarelli: Yes. That's super helpful. And then I know we kind of dug into gross margin, s G&A. I guess my question is, it maybe a little bit more broad here. You guys have had a combination of both permanent and temporary cost reductions. Are there some cost reductions that kind of need to be layered back in? Like you cut back for a period of time. Now that the business is recovering, we got to layer some certain expenses back into the P&L.
Carol Yancey: Yes. We had -- and it's a great question. As volume comes back, I mean, there is a level of variable expenses that do come back in. But we did permanently lower our cost structure with the 2019 plan that we put in place. And those permanent cost savings, again, we capitalize on those and converted some of the temporary to permanent. So we had about a $20 million benefit in the quarter that was a carryover from those savings. Team's done a tremendous job on payroll. But again, contemplated in our outlook, and I think -- when we came out in February, we had sort of flattish SG&A. And now with the improvement we've seen in Q1, we've contemplated in our operating margin that SG&A does remain and is improved as we go throughout the year.
William Stengel: Scot, it's Will. I might just add another kind of philosophical point, which is as we do productivity, SG&A productivity work, I mean, our intent is to reinvest some portion of that into growth initiatives and talent, as an example. So we're not solely focused on driving productivity without reinvesting in the business philosophically.
Operator: And our next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: When you talked about the strength in digital, are you seeing a change in consumer behavior where they're buying online and waiting for shipment? Or is this buying digitally and still expecting either a delivery or a pickup in store?
William Stengel: I think it's both. I think the -- coming out of COVID, I would say, there has been a dramatic change in the use of digital in every dimension. Meaning frequency, the way in which you use it, and that whole concept of being easy to do business with. And that means different things to different customers. But the foundation of it is having the digital skills to meet those needs as they differ across the customer segment. So I would say it's a mix of everything, and we've done really good work around setting up the foundation of meeting those different needs, and we're going to continue to invest in it.
Bret Jordan: Could you maybe talk about like what percentage of digital is actually still going out the door versus in a box being shipped?
William Stengel: I'm not sure I have that number in front of me. Let me circle back with you.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question on supply issues, and With both Motion and auto I think there have been some -- whether it's batteries or filters, in the first quarter. Are you seeing any stock and availability issues impacting? Or is that pretty much behind us?
Paul Donahue: No, it's not. I wish it were behind us, Bret. I know you and I talked last quarter and we specifically called out batteries. While that's gotten better, and we had a great quarter in our battery business, there's still some pockets where we're struggling. Filters, you mentioned, could be a whole lot better in terms of our in-stock levels. But we're seeing it in other product categories as well. So that's what I mentioned earlier. I know our -- look, I know the challenges some of our suppliers are up against with raw materials, with the global supply chain, labor issues. When that comes back up to more normal levels, that's just going to be increased upside for our business.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then 1 just housekeeping issue. I guess you talked about off the charts retail. What was the percentage of retail versus commercial, I guess, in U.S. NAPA this quarter?
Paul Donahue: In terms of -- well, in terms of our percentage increase, Bret. Our retail business was up greater than 20% in the...
Bret Jordan: Just as a percentage of the sales, sort of how the pie gets carved up?
Paul Donahue: Percent of total, it's still 20-plus percent. It's -- look, we're still going to live and die on the DIFM side, Bret, but it is great to see that retail DIY business continuing to accelerate. And look, we -- as you know, we put a hell of a lot of effort into improving our stores, improving our layouts in our stores, our store hours, our folks in the stores. So we've put a lot of effort behind it, and we've talked a lot about it on these calls through the years. So it's really great to see that segment continuing to perform really well.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Paul Donahue: Maybe we can come back to Seth at the end here. We can keep moving.
Seth Basham: Can you hear me?
Paul Donahue: We got you now.
Seth Basham: Paul, my question is around market share. I don't know if you can quantify how you think that your core NAPA business ex fleet is doing in the U.S. this quarter relative to recent quarters?
Paul Donahue: Well, look, it remains to be seen, right? So we're the first one out this quarter. We're pleased with our performance and certainly pleased as it stacks up against 2020. We've been waiting for our commercial business to bounce back and really pleased to see that happen in the quarter. So I do believe that was a solid performance. The retail business, I already touched on with Bret, that was solid.  What we're pleased to see what we're pleased to see, Seth, is that the fleet business and what we referenced as our IBS business really beginning to bounce back. So I think we're doing quite well, and I'm really proud of the NAPA team for the quarter they put up.
Seth Basham: Got you. And I presume that you saw a balance in sales around some of the stimulus check distribution in January, and probably even more so in March for your DIY business. But was there a pronounced bounce around those stimulus check distributions for your do-it-for-me business as well, particularly as you look at the sales trends versus 2019?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I guess one comment I would say is the trends, and Paul alluded to it, January started off really strong, February was a little softer. March was our strongest month in the quarter, and it was pretty even between the commercial and the DIY. So I think you laid it out as it happened.
Operator: And our next question is from Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli Asset Management.
Brian Sponheimer: I'll be really quick. I just want to say hello, but also the investment for next-generation vehicles, be it electric or otherwise, would this also include potentially investing in ways to help with charging stations and support for the fleet as well?
William Stengel: It does. Yes. I think we're doing a lot of work around all of our choices on this topic. And I think it's important to note, though, just to reemphasize that we are intensely focused on the part that we serve today, the ice engine, is going to be the main focus for us as we move forward. We just think it's prudent to be doing work and understanding the facts and developing strategies as the business evolves. So we're open and looking at everything and refining the strategy as we move forward.
Paul Donahue: And Brian, I would just add. And first off, good to hear from you again. welcome back. We -- with our presence in Europe, it's -- and the European Union having doubled down on EVs, as Will rightfully pointed out, we're still, majority of the time, focused on our business at hand today with the internal combustion engine. But we do have an eye towards the future. And our European team will be leading -- certainly leading that effort because we believe we'll see it, the shift, the tipping point, if you will, in Europe, most likely before we see it here in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Imbro with Stephens, Inc.
Daniel Imbro: Carol, I wanted to start on a follow-up on the guidance. I think you raised full year by about 100 bps. I want to say -- please correct me if I'm wrong. I think the last guidance didn't include any FX tailwinds, which were obviously a nice tailwind to 1Q. So can you maybe just parse out how much of the guidance raise is FX? And then maybe digging into it, have you made any changes to your underlying organic growth guidance for each segment based on the first quarter results?
Carol Yancey: Okay. Yes, great question. So really talking about our guidance. So the stronger sales and earnings for the full year really reflects our accelerated recovery in the first quarter. So we did consider the favorable FX. We considered some of the other unusual items in the quarter. But we did not, if you will, assume what occurred in Q1 would be baked into those full year numbers for the rest of the year. So we have really taken sort of a more conservative, cautious approach, if you will, on the currency and not model that in. So again, that is contemplated. And then you asked about the same-store sales guidance. So if you look at raising at 100 bps for -- in total and for each segment, we did the same thing on the comp store sales. So plus 4% to plus 6% on automotive and plus 3% to plus 5% on industrial for the same-store sales.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That's helpful. And then maybe following up on industrial, Paul, I know you love to talk about it. I think you said last quarter, January was up 1%. I think you guys just said March was up 7%. To get the full quarter down to -- I mean, February was down meaningfully. Is that all just weather driven? Or was there anything else that happened in February as we look at the first quarter industrial results?
Paul Donahue: Yes. There's not much else for us to point to, Daniel. When -- again, when you look at January, we got out of the gates pretty good, low single-digit increase. And as we mentioned, March was a record month for the Motion team.  February, we were hit hard. We had over 100 branches that were shut down. And I think maybe a better way to look at it is if you were to combine Feb and March together, and that's probably a true picture of the first quarter. But as I mentioned earlier, we've been through this cycle many times with Motion. And when that business turns, the CapEx projects start to move, plants start to reopen, that business really, really takes off. And I will tell you, we're off to a good -- a very good start in April. And our expectation is it's going to continue through the balance of the year.
Operator: And our last question will be from David Bellinger with Wolfe Research.
David Bellinger: Just to follow-up on that. Yes, just to follow-up on my last question on the industrial side. It seems as though that segment has started to turn the corner in March. Can you talk about the line of sight you have into customer demand over the next several quarters? And are these potential supply constraints allowing for that growth expectation to extend out even into 2022 at this point?
Paul Donahue: Well, our line of sight, as you know, many of these CapEx projects, there's long lead times with many of these projects. But they are rolling in. We -- I was actually out in the field with our industrial team a couple of weeks ago, first time we've really been out visiting customers. And the universal feedback we get as we visit customers is factories are, right now, they're humming. And if that's happening and they're moving back into full production, that's generally all very, very positive for the Motion business. So our expectation as we look forward with Motion is that we're going to have a solid year. And it's going to continue and should continue on really into 2022. And that's further verified, David, when we look at the PMI numbers and the industrial production numbers all just further support the kind of growth numbers that we believe we'll continue to produce in '21.
David Bellinger: That's very encouraging. And then just on the Auto Parts business, in your prepared remarks, improved inventory availability is noted again this quarter. So can you give us more detail behind that and any ongoing initiatives there? Is there some way to quantify the improvement, either in terms of parts availability or the subsequent lift to sales that you're seeing?
William Stengel: Yes. It's a great question, and it obviously continues to be a priority focus for us, making sure, as I said in prepared remarks, that we've got the right product in the right market at the right time. So it's absolutely an ongoing initiative.  We are watching and studying improvements in the global supply chain. We are encouraged that it's getting better. And so we are really watching that to improve as we think about, by category, all of the efforts to make sure that we got the right product. So it's getting better, but we're going to have to stay focused on it.
Paul Donahue: I would also add on to that, David, that we haven't really talked much about our business in Europe here this morning, but our European team had a great quarter, up 15%. And we're making great strides, great inroads across Europe. But I would tell you that I believe one of our -- one of the real pluses for us this quarter was we had product, and we had plenty of inventory, and we had it, as Will said, at the right place at the right time, which I think enabled us to potentially grow outside of what the overall market grew in Europe in Q1. So really pleased with the progress we continue to make in that part of the world.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. We'd like to thank all of you for your participation in the Q1 earnings call today. We look forward to reporting out to you on our Q2 results, and we appreciate your interest and support of Genuine Parts company. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter and full year 2020 conference call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Will Stengel, our newly appointed President. As a reminder, today’s conference call and webcast include a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations website. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures which may be referred to during today’s discussion of our report as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today’s call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company’s latest SEC filings, including this morning’s press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Finally, consistent with prior two quarters, we’ve accounted for the Business Products segment, S.P. Richards, as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call. We appreciate you joining us today and hope you are all staying safe and well. Our fourth quarter results reflect the benefit of our ongoing strategic actions, despite the continued challenges of COVID-19. The GPC team was agile and adapting to dynamic conditions and executed on our initiatives to deliver customer value, operational efficiencies and strong financial results. We are grateful to our 50,000 associates for their unwavering commitment to excellence, while responding to unprecedented business and economic conditions, which have continued for nearly 12 months. Our operational focus is on ensuring a safe work environment, supporting our talented workforce and further strengthening our strong culture. In January, we’re pleased to promote Will Stengel to President, and we now welcome Will to this quarterly call. As our Chief Transformation Officer since 2019, Will helped our business units work to achieve a variety of strategic initiatives and significant cost savings in 2020. Will’s vast skill set and relevant experience in his previous career with HD Supply, have added tremendous value to our management team. His exceptional talent, proven leadership and experience make Will an excellent choice as our Company’s next President. And we look forward to his future contributions. You will hear from both Will and Carol later in the call, and then we’ll take your questions. So, now, turning to our fourth quarter financial results. Total sales for the quarter were $4.3 billion, down 1% due in part to the continued challenges of COVID-19. While our Automotive sales were strong in Asia Pac, the pace of recovery slowed in Europe and North America relative to the previous quarter. Industrial sales grew progressively stronger during the final three months of 2020 and were much improved from the prior two quarters. We further improved gross margin, and in fact, the fourth quarter was our 13th consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion. In addition, we successfully took action to reduce costs, lowering our year-over-year operating expenses. For the quarter, we generated an additional $40 million in permanent cost savings and realized another $40 million in temporary savings related to our response to COVID-19. Our progress in these areas drove a 14% increase in total operating profit and an 8.8% operating margin. This 110 basis-point improvement in operating margin from the fourth quarter of 2019 was supported by margin expansion in both, the Automotive and Industrial segments. Our strong operating performance drove adjusted net income of $221 million and adjusted earnings per share of $1.52, up 20%. Due to ongoing working capital and debt financing initiatives, we also finished the quarter and year with a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and robust cash flow with $2 billion in cash from operations in 2020. Turning now to our business segments. Automotive represented 66% of total sales in the fourth quarter and Industrial was 34%. By region, 73% of revenues were attributable to North America, with 16% in Europe and 11% in Asia Pac. Total sales for the global Automotive Group were $2.8 billion, a 1% increase from 2019, with comp sales down 2%. Segment profit margin was up 130 basis points, driven by improvement in each of our Automotive operations. Fourth quarter sales were led by strong growth in Asia Pac with continued retail and commercial sales momentum driving a second consecutive quarter of mid-teens sales. The Asia Pac team performed well all year and deserves a special shout out on their exceptional results. So, congratulations and a big thank you to Rob Cameron and the entire Automotive team down under. In Europe and North America, the surge in COVID cases led to more restrictions on mobility, and mild weather through most of the quarter pressured sales of seasonal items. A second lockdown in November significantly slowed sales activity across Europe, although sales gradually improved through December, driving flat comps for the quarter. We would add as well that despite the challenging conditions in Europe overall, our UK operations continued to outperform with solid results for the quarter. Additionally, the positive impact of our cost savings initiatives more than offset the sales pressure, and the European team produced a 100 basis-point operating margin improvement. This caps a strong recovery in Europe’s operating performance over the second half of 2020. In North America, our U.S. Automotive total sales and comp sales declined approximately 6%. Despite the sales decrease, the U.S. team generated a 200 basis-point improvement in operating profit margin. In Canada, quarterly sales were down slightly, comp sales declined 2%, and operating margin improved by 40 basis points. Growth in sales for our retail customers continued to outperform expectations, while sales to the DIFM segment remained challenging. Through the quarter, DIY sales were strong, driven by COVID-related shifts in consumer behavior and stimulus payments, and stronger NAPA sales positioning, resulting from several key initiatives. These include our ongoing store refreshes, investment in retail specialists, the benefit of our NAPA rewards program with 12.5 million active members, targeted promotions and enhanced merchandising initiatives. In addition, our growing omni-channel capabilities, including direct-to-customers shipping from select suppliers enabled our team to double our online sales volume from pre-pandemic levels. DIFM sales were down from 2019 as a slow recovery in miles driven, mild temperatures and continued pressure in our large fleet and government customers segment weighed on sales demand. To address these declines and build positive momentum in 2021, our team has focused on several initiatives, including maximizing sales force effectiveness by repurposing our field resources and doubling the number of professional salespeople calling directly on our end customers to professional repair garages, continued enhancement of our industry-leading commercial programs and promotions for the professional customers, including NAPA AutoCare and Auto Pro, improving our inventory availability, utilizing enhanced analytics to ensure more parts for more cars across our store network, strengthening in our supply chain, focusing on our global supplier relationships, as well as ensuring we have multiple suppliers by category. While we are seeing gradual improvement with supply chain service issues, there is more work yet to be done, and finally, further optimizing our network, including DC consolidation, increasing automation in our facilities and additional daily shuttles. In 2021, we will also continue to execute on several global initiatives and invest in our omni-channel strategy, both B2B and B2C to enhance and build new digital catalog and search capabilities, implement strategic pricing initiatives, focus on value added services, and continue our rollout of the NAPA brand in Europe and Australasia. We also have plans to expand our global store footprint with additional bolt-on acquisitions, changeovers, and new greenfield stores to enhance our competitive positioning across our automotive operation. These initiatives are designed to deliver customer value, sell more parts, and capture market share. To that end, we are pleased to report a strong start in 2021 with January average daily sales up low double digits in the U.S. and for our global Automotive Group. Backing out the positive impact of FX and acquisition revenues, comp sales were up high single digits in January. We would add that we continue to see little impact of price inflation in our sales, although we expect to see more supplier increases in the coming months and quarters, possibly in the 1 to 3% range for the full year. So, in summary, we believe improving product availability, colder winter weather in North America and Europe, and the gradual reopening of the economy are current tailwinds for automotive business. In addition, favorable industry fundamentals, a growing total vehicle fleet, an increase in vehicles aged 6 to 12 years and expectation for the gradual recovery in miles driven give us confidence in our growth expectations for 2021, despite the ongoing uncertainties due to COVID-19. So, now, let’s discuss the global Industrial Parts Group. Total sales for this group are $1.4 billion, down 3.3% from last year. Comp sales were down 4.4%, a significant improvement from the 9% decrease in Q3 and the 17% decrease we saw back in Q2. The steady recovery in sales over the last half of 2020 is consistent with the gradual improvement in the industrial economy, which is evident in indicators such as the Purchasing Managers Index and industrial production. Strengthening conditions combined with our ongoing initiatives to drive growth and lower costs resulted in a 70 basis-point improvement in the segment profit margin and our strongest quarterly return on sales since the fourth quarter of 2007. Sales in North America and Australasia showed similar sales trends for the fourth quarter overall, although December was the strongest month in the quarter in North America. In addition, most key product categories achieved positive sales growth in December with improved month-to-month sales trends among virtually all the industries that we serve. We expect to build on these favorable trends in 2021. As we move forward into 2021, which is Motion’s 75th year in business, the Industrial team will continue to execute on strategic initiatives to drive profitable sales growth, improve operational productivity and deliver customer value. These initiatives include building out our omnichannel capabilities to drive organic sales; optimize the value of the Motion website and accelerate e-commerce growth; growing our services and solutions business to expand our expertise in areas such as repair, conveyance and automation; ongoing disciplined M&A to further boost our products and service offering, while expanding our global footprint and market presence; enhancing our global pricing and product category management strategies to ensure sales excellence, margin effectiveness and a product offering that evolves the Motion brand globally; and optimizing our global distribution network, the enhanced automation and facility rationalization to lower cost, improve productivity and deliver excellent customer service. We are confident that our focus on these key initiatives will optimize our competitive positioning as the industrial markets recover to full capacity. We are encouraged to see releases of capital project orders that were on hold throughout most of 2020, which is a positive sign for our greater plant activity in the months and quarters ahead. In addition, we are pleased that our supplier service levels are strong, despite extended lead times on select items, and our inventories are in good position to meet expected growing demand. Finally, we currently expect another year of reasonable 1% to 2% price inflation from our suppliers, which compares to inflation of just under 1% in 2020. For additional perspective, we experienced positive sales momentum in January, with average daily sales up 2% for the month. This is better than the sales trends we reported in the third and fourth quarter of 2020 and is a testament to the great work done by the entire Industrial team. So, despite the ongoing challenges of COVID-19 and its uncertain impact on the global economy and our markets, we are confident in our plans for the Industrial segment and look forward to a strong 2021. So, let me conclude by providing an update on our ESG initiatives. At GPC, we embrace our responsibility to innovate in ways that also benefit our environment, our associates and the communities in which we operate. Our ESG practices, including human capital management, and diversity and inclusion are discussed in our 2020 corporate sustainability report. In addition, our Board of Directors adopted a formal human rights policy, which communicates the Company’s commitment to upholding human rights in every location in which we operate as well as our expectation that our suppliers, partners and affiliates also respect human rights. Our Companywide commitment to sustainability is integral to our corporate growth strategy. We invite you to visit our GPC website to view these documents and learn more about our ESG initiatives. So, with that, I’ll turn it over to Will for his remarks. Will?
Will Stengel: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. First, I want to say that I’m incredibly proud to be a part of Genuine Parts Company. The Company has an impressive history of success, and it’s an honor to be on the GPC leadership team. I’d like to thank Paul and the Board for their vote of confidence. As Paul mentioned, I joined the Company in late 2019 as Chief Transformation Officer. Previously, I held executive leadership positions at HD Supply, including time as President and CEO of HD Supply Facilities Maintenance, and various other strategy and operating roles. My experience in distribution-related businesses fits well with GPC’s portfolio, business model and strategic initiatives, where consistent profitable growth, operating leverage, strong cash conversion, and disciplined capital allocation are all key value drivers, with the dividend an especially important part of the GPC capital allocation strategy. I’m excited about the future potential of Genuine Parts Company. Each of our GPC businesses enjoy leadership positions within attractive fragmented markets with scale and capabilities to win. We have leading global brands and longstanding relationships, based on reliable customer service and value-added expertise. And our unique culture that is based on a clear set of core values and purpose serves as an important common foundation. Strategic actions taken in 2020 accelerated the transformation momentum built over recent years as we work to simplify the business and further define our critical focus areas. The global teams executed well as we navigated the pandemic and demonstrated an ability to act quickly and deliver results. Our strategic actions provided clarity for areas where we want to increase our focus, including profitable organic growth, driving operating productivity through simplification and integration, disciplined and strategic capital deployment and investments in talent to develop and build capabilities. Despite a challenging and unprecedented year, our diverse businesses proved resilient and built solid momentum as we enter 2021. In my new role, I look forward to working with Paul and the global leadership team as we align resources within our focus areas to execute these initiatives and deliver value as a team. I’m also looking forward to spending time in our operations and with our customers and suppliers. In addition, we’ll continue to further refine and advance our longer term strategic roadmap. We’re excited about the numerous potential opportunities that new technologies and emerging trends could present for GPC. As we look to the future, we feel well-positioned to execute our strategic priorities to the benefit of all our stakeholders, and I look forward to working with the leadership team to drive results. Thank you. And I’ll now turn it to Carol for her comments.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Will. As a reminder, our comments this morning primarily focus on adjusted results from continuing operations, which excludes restructuring, inventory, transaction and other costs and income. We will begin with a review of our key financial information and then provide our full year outlook for 2021. Total GPC sales were $4.3 billion in the fourth quarter, down 0.7% from 2019. For the full year, sales were $16.5 billion, down 5.6% or down 2.3%, excluding divestitures. Our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 35%, a 40 basis-point improvement compared to 34.6% in the fourth quarter last year. For the full year, adjusted gross margin improved 100 basis points to 34.5% from 33.5% in 2019. Our team has been focused on a number of margin-enhancing initiatives, and the fourth quarter and full year gains represent the 13th consecutive quarter and the 5th consecutive year of improved gross margin for the Company. Our steady progress in expanding gross margin in the quarter and the year reflect a variety of factors, including the favorable impact of sales mix shifts to higher gross margin operations, positive product mix shifts, strategic pricing tools and analytics, global sourcing advantages and strategic category management initiatives. In addition, the full year gross margin also benefited from acquisitions and divestitures, which impacted our results through the nine months. We would add these positive factors were partially offset by a decrease in supplier incentives due to lower purchasing volumes. And finally, as we assess the pricing environment in the fourth quarter and 2020 overall, there was minimal impact of price inflation in our sales and gross margins. As Paul mentioned earlier, we’ll see how this plays out in 2021, but we have not had any impact of inflation to this point in the year. Our adjusted selling, administrative and other expenses were $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter, down 2.8% from last year and representing 26.6% of sales compared to 27.2% last year. For the year, these expenses were $4.4 billion, down 3.9% compared to last year and 26.5% of sales compared to 26% in 2019. The decrease in operating expenses for the fourth quarter and full year reflect the favorable impact of our permanent and COVID-related cost actions implemented throughout 2020, as previously discussed. As mentioned on our third quarter conference call, in accordance with our 2019 $100 million cost savings plan, we successfully achieved the $100 million annual target ahead of schedule. We are pleased to report an incremental $40 million in savings recognized in the fourth quarter and $150 million in permanent expense reductions for 2020. In addition, our team continued to execute on a number of additional savings initiatives in response to the impact of COVID-19. These initiatives contributed temporary cost savings of approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter and $300 million for the full year. Combined, we generated approximately $80 million in total savings during the fourth quarter and approximately $450 million for the full year, driven by transformative reductions in payroll and facility costs, as well as temporary savings from furloughs, reduced travel and entertainment, government subsidies and other initiatives in response to COVID. We expect our permanent cost savings to carry over into 2021, and we’ll continue to manage our expenses to further improve our cost structure and operating performance. Our total operating and non-operating expenses were an adjusted $1.2 billion for the fourth quarter, down 3.4% from last year. This represents 28.1% of sales, down 80 basis points from 28.9% in 2019. For the full year, these expenses were an adjusted $4.7 billion, down 3% from the prior year and representing 28.4% of sales. Our total segment profit in the fourth quarter was $374 million, up 14% on a 1% sales decrease, and our segment profit margin was 8.8% compared to 7.7% last year for a strong increase of 110 basis points. For the full year, segment profit was $1.3 billion, up 3% compared to 2019, and our segment profit margin was 8.2% compared to 7.8% in the prior year. This represents our strongest full year segment profit margin since 2015. We had net interest expense of $21 million in the fourth quarter, and for 2020, net interest was $91 million, which is essentially flat from 2019. In 2021, we expect net interest of $70 million to $72 million, which is down from 2020 due to lower interest rates related to our new debt agreements negotiated in the fourth quarter, as well as the expectation for lower debt levels. The corporate expense line was $33 million in the fourth quarter, down from $37 million in 2019, and for the year, these expenses were $150 million. We currently expect our corporate expense to be in the $150 million range again in 2021. Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 25.1%, an increase from 24.6% in the prior year period. For the year, our adjusted tax rate was 24.5% and in line with 2019. We are planning for a full year tax rate for 2021 in the range of 24.5% to 25.5%. Fourth quarter net income from continuing operations was $172 million with earnings per share of $1.18. Adjusted net income was $221 million or $1.52 per share, which compares to $186 million or $1.27 per share in 2019 or a 20% increase. For the full year, reported net income was $163 million or $1.13 per share, and adjusted net income was $765 million or $5.27 per share. So, now, let’s discuss our fourth quarter results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.8 billion, up 1% from the prior year. Segment profit of $240 million was up 19%, with profit margin at 8.5% compared to a 7.2% margin in the fourth quarter of 2019. The 130 basis-point increase in margin was driven by improved operating results across each of our Automotive businesses for the second consecutive quarter, so an excellent job of operating by our Automotive team, and we look forward to continued progress in 2021. Our Industrial sales were $1.4 billion in the quarter, a 3.3% decrease from Q4 of 2019 and significantly improved from the sales declines in the second and third quarter. Segment profit of $133 million was up 5% from a year ago, and the profit margin was up 70 basis points to 9.3% compared to 8.6% last year. The improved margin for Industrial reflects gains in both, our North American and Australasian industrial businesses for the second consecutive quarter, so strong operating results for Industrial, which we expect to continue in 2021. So, now, I will turn our comments to the balance sheet. We continue to closely manage our accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable to improve our working capital position. In the fourth quarter, we sold $300 million in receivables for a total of $800 million sold in 2020 under an accounts receivable sales agreement. Our total accounts receivable is down 36% from 2019, and we remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at December 31, 2020, was up 2% from the prior year and accounts payable increased 5%, improving our AP to inventory ratio to 118% in 2020 from 114% in 2019. We are pleased with the progress our team is making to strengthen our supply chain. And in 2020, these key accounts were a source of cash from operations, and our total working capital was 7% of revenues. We repaid $230 million of debt in the fourth quarter, and our total debt of $2.7 billion at December 31, 2020, is down $749 million or 22% from the $3.4 billion in 2019. During the fourth quarter, we further improved our debt position with new public debt and a new revolving credit agreement that provided for expanded credit capacity and more favorable rates. We closed the year with $2.9 billion in available liquidity, which is up from $1.3 billion at December 31, 2019. Through our efforts in these and other areas, we generated a robust $2 billion in cash from operations in 2020, which is up from $833 million in 2019. Our free cash flow was $1.9 billion, an increase from $555 million in 2019. While we selectively scaled back our near-term plans for capital deployment in early April of 2020 to conserve cash through COVID-19, we were very committed to several key priorities for cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our key priorities include the reinvestment in our businesses via capital expenditures, M&A, share repurchases and the dividend. We have deployed $4.7 billion in capital across these areas over the last four years. In 2020, we reduced our original $300 million in CapEx plan by 50% and invested $154 million in essential capital expenditures, which was down from $278 million in 2019. For 2021, we expect to resume more normal levels of our reinvestments in our businesses and are planning for total capital expenditures in the range of $275 million to $325 million for the year. We also pulled back on M&A activity in 2020, although strategic acquisitions remain an important component of our long-term growth strategy. In 2020, we used $69 million in cash to acquire several small businesses. And in 2021, we expect to make additional strategic bolt-on acquisitions to complement our global Automotive and Industrial segments. As a reminder, we have not considered any of these future acquisitions in our 2021 outlook. The Company has paid a cash dividend to shareholders every year since going public in 1928. Earlier this week, our Board approved a $3.26 per share annual dividend for 2021, representing our 65th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. This represents a 3% increase from the $3.16 per share paid in 2020. In 2020, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock prior to suspending our share repurchases amid the pandemic. As of December 31, 2020, we were authorized to repurchase up to 14.5 million additional shares, and we expect to make additional opportunistic share repurchases again in 2021. Turning to our outlook for 2021, we are reinstating our practice of providing full year guidance. In arriving at our full year 2021 guidance, we considered several factors, including our past performance, current growth plans and strategic initiatives, recent business trends and the global economic outlook. In addition, we consider the continued uncertainty of COVID-19 and its potential impact on our results. With these factors in mind, we expect total sales for 2021 to be in the range of plus 4% to plus 6%. These growth rates assume a relatively neutral impact from foreign currency translation, minimal price inflation and as mentioned before, exclude the benefit of any unannounced future acquisitions. By business, we are guiding to plus 4% to plus 6% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, including plus 3% to plus 5% comp sales growth, and a total sales increase of plus 3% to plus 5% for the Industrial segment, including an increase in comp sales of plus 2% to plus 4%. On the earnings side, we currently expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.55 to $5.75. This represents a 5% to 9% increase compared to our adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2020. We move forward into 2021, confident in our strategic plans and initiatives to meet or exceed these targeted results and deliver value. In addition, we believe that the underlying industry fundamentals for our global Automotive and Industrial segments are favorable and will continue to provide us with sustained long-term growth opportunities. So, that’s our financial update, and we look forward to reporting on further improvement in our financial performance throughout 2021. Thank you. And I’ll now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Looking back on the quarter and the year, we are proud of our team for their continued focus on executing our strategic growth initiatives and cost actions. The GPC team and our Automotive and Industrial business proved resilient in meeting the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. We closed the year strong with a strong financial performance. We want to thank each of our GPC team members for their continued support, dedication and commitment to serving customers and being the best. We entered 2021 as a stronger, more agile Company, with streamlined operations at a more optimized portfolio focused on the global Automotive and Industrial businesses. We are well positioned with a stronger balance sheet and strategic plan to capture profitable growth, generate strong cash flow and drive shareholder value. We are off to a solid start to the year with global automotive sales growth and ongoing industrial recovery and operational improvements. With the continued rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, we look forward to a global recovery from the pandemic and a strengthening economy. For all these reasons, the GPC team is excited about 2021. And we look forward to reporting on our progress as we move through the year. So, thank you for your interest in Genuine Parts Company. And with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning, guys. When you look at the NAPA U.S. trends, I guess, it wasn’t quite clear on the commentary. It sounded as if December ended flattish or December ended up. And I think, could you talk a little bit about regional performance as well as NAPA Company-owned stores versus independents in the fourth quarter?
Paul Donahue: Happy to do so, Bret. And, let me start with the Company store versus our independents. Our Company stores slightly outperformed our independents in the quarter. We’ve seen that already reversed in the other direction in January. That’ll flip month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter. So, no real big news there. Regionality, what we saw in the quarter was kind of consistent with what we’ve been seeing. We saw really good performance out West. I’m really proud of our Western division and the job that group is doing. Our Mountain team, as they have all year, had a solid quarter. And the Mountain, Bret, just FYI, they stretch from Colorado, Montana, all the way down to Texas. We saw some softness in the Southeast. We saw a little softness in the Northeast as well. In relation to your question about the cadence of the quarter and December specifically, we started out the quarter okay. And I’m assuming that question was around U.S. Automotive, Bret?
Bret Jordan: Yes. That was U.S.
Paul Donahue: Yes. October started out okay, pretty much in line with September. We saw softness in December, -- and then we saw softness in December as well. I think the first couple of months were probably more related to a little bit warmer weather than -- especially in November, plus we saw a little bit of a COVID resurgence in the U.S. December is a bit unique, Bret. And if you remember, we had a big December a year ago, 2019. We were going up against some pretty tough comps. So, that certainly impacted December as well. But look, here is a good news, Bret, for us and the NAPA team is, we had a really strong rebound in January, both DIY and DIFM, which we’re really pleased to see the commercial business bouncing back in January. And that’s carrying into February as well.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And question is on the supply chain. It sounded as if you were saying maybe there is a couple of categories where stock levels could be better. Is there anything to call out there? I mean, it sounds like batteries have been a great category this winter, but maybe some supply constraints there. I mean, are there any standout categories we should be looking at?
Paul Donahue: Well, you hit the first one, Bret. We have had -- and we did have a good year in our battery business. And I expect with this cold weather, we’re going to see even a greater surge in our battery business. But supply has been a challenge. And I think you’ve heard that elsewhere. Pleased to say, we’re not seeing that in Europe. We have a strong battery business. We actually just launched the NAPA battery across Europe. We have our suppliers taking good care of us over there. And we’re seeing really good business across Europe in the battery business. But, that would be the call out. There’s a couple of other suppliers that are impacting us. And look, these guys are battling labor shortages due to COVID, some shortages of raw materials. So, I understand they got their challenges, and we’re hoping to see improvement here as we roll into ‘21.
Bret Jordan: And I guess, just a quick follow-up on your Europe comment. It sounded as if you said both the U.S. and Europe had sequentially softened a little bit from the third quarter. But, could you talk a little bit how you saw Europe roll through the fourth quarter and maybe there are trends into January?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, Europe, they started out really strong. As you know, they had a great third quarter, mid-double-digit increase, Bret. And we had a good October. They were up high single digits in October. We saw a big reversal in November, a double-digit swing from October as Europe locked down due to COVID. So, we saw the third wave come through and that just kind of knocked the wind out of our sales. December bounced back a bit from that softer November. But again, good news, much like North America, we saw a nice rebound in January, and our European team was up strong mid-single-digit. So, we’re encouraged. And we got a lot of good things going on with AAG. I would really, Bret, call out our UK team. They had a really strong year, despite some pretty severe lockdowns during the course of the year. But, again, I couldn’t be more proud of our UK team.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JP Morgan.
Chris Horvers: First of all, a follow-up question. So, as you talked about the year-to-date in the U.S., you mentioned, do-it-for-me, the pro business getting better. Did that turn positive so far in January and February?
Paul Donahue: Yes, absolutely. Yes. We had a double-digit increase in January, and we saw it on both sides of the counter, Chris. We saw it in DIY, as we did most of 2020, our DIY business was strong, like most in the industry. But, where we struggled a bit in ‘20 was in our commercial business. And our commercial business I think is a bit unique compared to most. It’s very, very heavy commercial fleet, government municipalities, but again, really pleased to see that business turn positive in the month of January. And I’m hopeful, Chris, with this -- some of the weather we’re seeing and the reopening of the economies and the vaccines getting out there that -- and along with a little bit of a lift in miles driven, we’ll see some resurgence in our DIFM business.
Chris Horvers: And then, following up there, as you think about the fleet business, how are you thinking about that? Obviously, there’s been some strain on colleges and governments. And are you seeing any sequential improvement in those businesses? Presumably, they remain negative. And, how are you thinking about the outlook in ‘21?
Paul Donahue: Well, we do think we’ll see improvement overall in that fleet business in ‘21. And January certainly is a good indicator, Chris. Look, there’s a ways to go. By any stretch, we’re not out of the woods in relation to the upheaval caused by COVID. But, we are seeing green shoots, and we are pleased to see a real solid January.
Chris Horvers: Yes, understood. And then, on the Industrial business, if you’re up 2% in January, that’s not stimulus-driven, and you’re guiding, I think, 3% to 5% comps -- or 2% to 4% comps in that business in 2021, and you did it down 8% in 2020. So, is there something that you’re seeing there that provides caution why you wouldn’t expect higher same-store sales in that segment, or is that -- you’re just trying to be conservative given the unknown of COVID?
Paul Donahue: Well, look, Chris, there is a little certainly a bit of conservatism built into those numbers. We feel really good about the prospects for a strong recovery in our Industrial business in ‘21. We’ve seen now eight straight months of PMI. We generally trail that metric by a few months. So, yes, we feel good. Especially when you look back at 2020, Q2, we were down 17; Q3, down 9; and Q4, down 3 and then post a positive January. But, that conservatism that you kind of referred to, Chris, again, we’re not out of the woods. We’re still seeing some plants shut down just in the last couple of weeks. We do a big business with the OE automotive plants. We’ve seen a number of those shut down to raw material shortages. We’re still pressured in the Southwest with oil and gas. So, yes, we’re -- we feel good, but we’re also seeing still just a few headwinds out there on the Industrial side.
Chris Horvers: Got it. And then, last question is, Carol, can you talk about how you’re thinking about gross margin rate in 2021 and as well as SG&A, given you did have a big COVID cost savings number that you’re going to lap against?
Carol Yancey: Yes, happy to. As far as gross margin, and look, the team, we couldn’t be more pleased with what we’ve done in the gross margin area. We have, and you saw we finally anniversaried the impact from acquisitions and divestitures. So, our core gross profit in Q4, really pleased to see our initiatives working. We do expect, as we look ahead to have continued improvement in gross profit, may not be at the level that it’s been, but we would expect to see continued gross margin improvement. And, we’ve called out the initiatives in that area before from product mix and strategic category management and even our pricing and global sourcing. And then, I’ll make a few comments on SG&A, and then maybe let Will add and talk about what we’re going to see for 2021. And, you’re right. We did have the temporary cost savings, but more importantly our permanent cost savings of $150 million do roll in to 2021. And we expect to -- while some of those, certainly, the temporary savings come back in. When you look at our outlook for 2021 on SG&A, we have improvement when you go back to say the 2019 levels. So, we really have permanently reduced our cost structure, if you will. But having said that, there’s still things we’re working on that. We’re going to see headwinds in terms of payroll and freight. And I’ll maybe let Will talk about a few things we’re doing to maybe offset some of those headwinds.
Will Stengel: Yes, Chris. So, maybe just back on gross margin. I mean, gross margin is going to continue to be a focus for us as we move forward. I think, in the prepared remarks, we did a nice job of laying out kind of some of the details in terms of what that means. But category management around pricing, global sourcing, et cetera, will be important priorities for us as we move forward. On the SG&A, there is really kind of two ways to think about it. First is, the importance, as Carol alluded to, of keeping these temporary cost savings out. So, converting them from temporary to permanent, and that’s a daily activity that we work on with the teams here. But then, obviously, very discrete productivity initiatives around the globe around SG&A, ranging from labor productivity in DCs, evaluating and analyzing indirect spend, low-cost country opportunities for back-office functions, et cetera. So, we’ve got a laundry list of very tactical actions. And we’re excited about the momentum that we’ve got.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore.
Michael Montani: I also just wanted to offer congratulations to Will on the promotion.
Will Stengel: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Montani: So, if I could start off -- just was on the SG&A front first off. Is there a way to think about the potential dollar growth year-over-year and/or the kind of organic comps that we would need to see to get natural leverage there? Carol and Will, I think, historically, kind of 2% to 3% was the number organic growth, but if you could give us an update there?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look, we have -- and as you have seen, we are guiding to organic growth at -- in the 3% to 5% range. We certainly expect to have margin improvement with that organic growth. And again, we’re looking at getting ourselves back to certainly to a sales level at where 2019 was but a profit and operating margin level that’s greater than that. So, I think, it’s at the low end of the 3% that we can have margin improvement. And I certainly think that you’ll see that with some of the initiatives we talked about.
Michael Montani: Okay, great. And, if I could, just on the NAPA front, just wanted to parse out, in the fourth quarter, if there’s any extra color you can share, Paul, on DIY versus DIFM comps? And then, if you could help us just to understand the traffic and ticket split for the comp.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Let me take the latter part of that question first. As we look at ticket comps and we look across the globe, I’m really pleased with the trends we’re seeing in Australia -- our Asia Pac business was up strong in both average ticket size and traffic. Canada, we were up both average ticket size and traffic. U.S., our average ticket was up, which has been a trend we’ve seen for a number of quarters now. Traffic was down a bit in the U.S., again, not a surprise because we saw a real surge in our digital online, deliver-to-store, pick up at curbside. So, folks are still a little bit reticent I think to walk into stores. And then, the other question, Mike, you asked was around DIY, DIFM in the quarter, in Q4. What we saw was much like we had seen throughout the year with -- or the latter part of the year, I should say, with DIY held up strong and DIFM was certainly pressured in the quarter. But again, as I think I mentioned earlier in a question, really pleased to see both trending up in January. So, we’re cautiously optimistic that we’re going to see our DIFM return to solid growth in 2021.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Beth Reed: Hey, guys. This is Beth Reed on for Scot. I just had a question on the acceleration in the U.S. auto business that you’re seeing into January and February. Is there any way to kind of quantify the impact of stimulus on that acceleration? And any other factors you would call out that you think are the main drivers?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Beth. Look, stimulus monies are definitely impacting the DIY business, I think, not only for us, but our peer group. But, we are a dominant DIFM business. That’s 80-plus-percent of our business at. So, I don’t really believe we see much impact, if any, stimulus on our DIFM business. Yes, I think, if I were to point to perhaps some of the lift that we’re seeing early in the year. Look, the weather is a factor. There is just no two ways about it. And, we’re seeing a return to a more normalized winter that we haven’t seen in a few years. What’s unfortunate, Beth, and we don’t want to take this lightly. There are lots of folks out there in the Texas region that are without power. They’ve been without power for a couple of days. So, we don’t mind seeing winter. I just wish it wasn’t quite as extreme and the impact that it’s having. We’ve got a number of distribution centers, branches, stores that are closed throughout Texas, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama. So, it’s definitely taken a toll here this week. We’ll see the long-term impact of a really cold weather, and it will show up months down the road when parts begin to fail as a result of some of this really brutally cold winter.
Beth Reed: All right. Got it. And then, just a quick clarification. Did you say January trends have largely kind of continued into February?
Paul Donahue: Well, they certainly did. But, what we’re seeing right now is with the number of DC closures were across Texas and the other states I just mentioned, along with many of our Industrial branches. I think the number I saw yesterday, Beth, we had about 90 of our Industrial branches were closed. So, it’s going to have a little bit of an impact probably for a couple of days. But, again, we’ll recover. And I expect that will have a positive impact longer-term on our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys. And yes, I’ll pass my congrats on to Will.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Dan.
Daniel Imbro: Carol, I wanted to start -- and apologies if I missed this, trying to screw away the cost cutting last year with maybe some of the organic growth slowing. You targeted $100 million. Obviously, you exceeded that meaningfully. I think, you said $150 million in permanent cost cuts. As you look back with hindsight, is it possible, in some places, you may have cut too deep, and that’s part of the reason for the organic growth slowdown? And then, if not, can you maybe share some detail on where you did remove the cost, so we can better understand why that isn’t impacting service levels?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look, we -- as you look at our cost savings, and again, this was done early on in response to the very-drastic declines in volume that we saw from Europe starting at the end of Q1 to North America and other geographies. We had -- Q2 was one of our worst quarters ever in the Company’s history. And with that, there was actions that needed to be taken. And as related to reducing payroll, reducing positions, we had furloughs, we had deferred travel and entertainment, we looked at facility and lease reductions, we looked at our facility costs, we looked at -- I mean, we looked at anything and everything. And it was -- again, we did that without impacting our service, but we did it to adjust to the lower volumes. And then, as volumes have come back, we looked at those costs. Again, some of those costs had to come back in. During this time, we also didn’t let up on our investments in productivity and automation. So, we had a number of automation projects that we continue to work on that would help us with productivity improvements, where we rationalize facilities and put in more automated conveyor systems. That helped us as well. So, again, we -- the permanent savings go back to a year ago. Those were largely payroll related, the $150 million. Again, we were very comfortable to how those were done. The temporary ones were just that. They were temporary in nature. And remember, part of that temporary was government subsidies. So, again, we had about $60 million in government subsidies that are nonrecurring. The fact of the matter is we go into 2021 with a lower overall cost base and excitement about the initiatives we have in place to keep our cost structure down.
Paul Donahue: Hey Daniel, I’ll just add a comment to that as well because it’s been mentioned before, and I touched on it in my prepared remarks. But just to call out, in our NAPA business here across the U.S., we have over 3,000 sales professionals between our Company stores and our independent stores that are working with our shops and professional garages every day. So, the thought of did we cut too deep, we don’t believe so. And again, I think, what we saw were some transitory challenges in ‘20 that are going to bounce back in ‘21.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you guys for that. And then, I wanted to ask a clarifier on the comp growth you said earlier, Carol. I think, you said within Auto, 3% to 5% comps with 4 to 6 total revs, and then Industrial is 2 to 4 with total revs in 3 to 5. Most of those would imply roughly only 100 basis points of FX headwind. I guess, can you help me understand how they have a similar amount of headwinds between the segments when Automotive has a much larger European footprint? So, I would think, FX is more of a tailwind to the Auto business. So, trying to reconcile, yes, the magnitude of FX impact. Thanks.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Just to be clear, the same-store sales guidance that we gave in relation to the total sales is more of the impact of the carryover of acquisitions from 2020. So, we had a number of bolt-on acquisitions in the automotive space and then we also had three Industrial acquisitions late in 2020. So, the 1% differential is the carryover of M&A. Our implication for foreign currency is really neutral. And we also have inflation neutral in these numbers. As Paul mentioned, we expect we will see some inflation at some point. But, this is truly just what we know today as far as organic growth, plus a little bit of carryover from acquisitions that’s in that guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bellinger with Wolfe Research.
David Bellinger: I want to follow-up on January, but a bit of a different context. So, a few of your auto parts competitors have indicated comparable sales accelerating into the double digits, maybe since its January. It seems as though NAPA comp sales are up high single digits at this point. So, is there anything that’s changed versus your peers from the last few quarters? Is there something strategic on your part that helps them to narrow the gap versus competitors, or is it really the mix of business that’s driving that better delta now?
Paul Donahue: Well, look David, it’s a reasonable question. We’ve been working on a number of initiatives throughout the course of 2020 that I would tell you I think are really beginning to take hold. We are not nearly as weighted towards the DIY side. So, even though we’re seeing some nice lift in DIY, it’s not going to move the needle for us like DIFM. So, what I would point to and how we’re narrowing that gap is the slight recovery we’re seeing from COVID, markets opening back up, I think, we’re going to see miles driven tick back up. We haven’t seen any official numbers out of December, January yet. But that coupled with some winter weather is all going to help spike our DIFM business. And again, we’re really, really pleased to see that spike in the month of January.
David Bellinger: Got it. Okay. And then, my follow-up here, how are you thinking about the pace of parts inflation throughout 2021? You mentioned a limited benefit last year, maybe a low single-digit rate coming this year. Are you getting ahead of that now and flowing some price to both DIY and commercial, given strengthening demand? And, do you expect to fully offset any cost increases through price this year?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look, we are getting early indication from our suppliers. I mean, look, our suppliers, as Paul mentioned, they’re facing raw material increases, freight and ocean cargo and just the significant increases that our suppliers are facing, labor shortages, labor inflation. We are hearing that our suppliers are discussing price increases, we believe, certainly in Automotive, it’s been very rational. And as these price increases come that they will get passed through. Also on the Industrial side, our teams are trying to stay ahead of that and doing a lot of things to make sure that those can -- when they do get the pricing, they can pass them along. I would tell you that will probably be more second half weighted. Again, some of this is managing through the uncertainty right now, but probably more second half weighted. So, the 1% to 2%, 1% to 3%, if you will, is on a full year basis, but probably more second half. But again, that’s not in any of our numbers. And the last thing I would just add, and you heard Will talk about it, our teams have so many terrific initiatives going on in the gross margin area, especially in terms of pricing. So, we’re a lot more agile today. We have a lot more analytics and a lot more strategic pricing initiatives that will help us offset this as well.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your participation in our year-end and Q4 conference call. As always, we appreciate your interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. And we look forward to reporting out to you on our first quarter results in April. Thank you. And have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 11:56:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, today's conference call and webcast include a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company, Investor Relations website. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company's latest SEC filings, including this morning’s press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Finally, please note that we've accounted for the Business Products segment, S.P. Richards, as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Now, I'll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We appreciate you joining us today and hope you are staying safe and well. During the quarter, we remained focused on our top priorities, which include ensuring the continued health and safety of our employees, customers, suppliers, and communities in which we operate; execution of our strategic initiatives and cost actions for our global Automotive and Industrial segments to deliver customer value, operational efficiencies and strong financial results; management of our working capital to drive strong free cash flow and pay down debt to further strengthen our financial position, and enhance liquidity; effective capital deployment, including strategic reinvestments in the business, paying a consistent dividend to our shareholders and the repayment of debt as appropriate; and finally, we also advanced our ESG initiatives with the release of our 2020 Corporate Sustainability Report. Carol and I look forward to covering our progress in each of these areas today, and then taking your questions. Our teams continued to execute with agility through the third quarter, aggressively managing each of our operations through the challenges of COVID-19. We are proud of their hard work and commitment to operational excellence, which has required effective measures to maintain a safe work environment, while also providing first-class customer service. Through the quarter, we engaged with our teams at every level and resumed field visits to connect with our employees, customers and suppliers. We can tell you firsthand that through the adaptability and successful execution of our passionate and talented associates, we are fully operational and prepared with comprehensive readiness plans, should a second wave begin to materially affect our businesses. So, a big thank you to our 50,000-plus team members across our global footprint. Upon the divestiture of our Business Products group in June, we entered the third quarter focused on driving profitable growth and productivity initiatives for our streamlined portfolio of our Automotive and Industrial business segment. As you may recall, exiting non-core operations is one of several key steps in the transformation of the Company. In addition, we are also investing in higher return businesses to further expand and strengthen our core. Moving on to our financial results. We achieved a strong financial performance in the third quarter that reflects the resiliency of our businesses and the benefits of our strategic growth initiatives and cost actions taken across our operations. Total sales for the third quarter were $4.4 billion, up 1% excluding the impact of divestitures. This was a significant improvement from the 10% sales decline in the second quarter, due to the impact of COVID-19. Total operating margin was 9%, a 100 basis-point improvement from last year, achieved through solid progress in both gross margin and SG&A, driving margin expansion in each of our Automotive and Industrial businesses. Adjusted net income was $237 million and adjusted earnings per share was a $1.63, up 17%. Our cost savings plan, announced in October of 2019, has generated significant savings across the organization in 2020. Through the first nine months, we have already achieved our $100 million cost savings target for the full year. In addition, cost actions in response to COVID-19 further boosted our operating results. Looking ahead, we remain focused on finding additional cost savings to further improve our cost structure and long-term profitability. Let me mention one example of the many initiatives to improve our operational efficiencies and customer service levels. We were excited to open our newest U.S. automotive distribution center in Nashville, Tennessee just last month. Nashville is a 325,000 square-foot distribution center, equipped with systems equipped with systems and efficiencies to enable high productivity and the service of over 300-plus NAPA stores. By bringing this facility on line, we'll be able to close or consolidate smaller, less productive DCs in the NAPA network. The opening of Nashville and consolidation of these operations has gone smoothly, despite the impact of COVID-19. We would like to thank our operations team for the great work on this important project. We will continue to make additional supply chain investments in the years to come. We also improved our working capital, enhanced our liquidity, while generating another quarter of substantial cash flows. Turning to our business segments. Automotive represented 68% of total sales in the third quarter and Industrial was 32% of total sales. By geography, 76% of revenues are attributable to North America with 14% to Europe and 10% Australasia. Total sales for the global Automotive Group were $3 billion, a 6% increase from last year, and improved sequentially from the 10% decrease in the second quarter. Comp sales also turned positive, up 2.2%, compared to a 12.6% decrease in Q2. A solid automotive recovery on the top-line with a consistent growth pattern in each month through the quarter helped us deliver a 100 basis-point improvement in operating margin. In North America, our U.S. automotive sales were down approximately 1%, which is significantly improved from the 12% decrease in the second quarter. Comp sales were down 2.8% and much improved from the 13.8% decrease in Q2. In addition, we were encouraged by an impressive 60 basis-point increase in operating margin for U.S. automotive. In Canada, sales for the third quarter were up 2.6%, and improved from a 13% decrease in Q2. Comp sales increased by 0.5% and operating margin was up a strong 200 basis points. So, a solid quarter for our Canadian team. Also in North America, sales to our retail customers continued to outperform, up low-double-digits for the third quarter. While retail sales peaked in July, this customer segment remained solid through the quarter as the persistence of COVID continued to drive outsized DIY growth, although we believe this surge in demand is gradually moderating. We continue to strengthen our retail positioning through our ongoing initiatives, such as store refreshes, NAPA rewards program, targeted promotions and enhanced merchandising and inventory. In addition, our growing omni-channel capabilities, including the recent addition of 35,000 new SKUs and direct-to-customer shipping from select suppliers continue to drive exceptional value for the retail customer. This has led to online retail sales that doubled our 2019 volume, and we expect continued strong omni-channel growth at NAPA in the fourth quarter and beyond. Moving on to our DIFM business. Sales to commercial accounts were down low-single-digits in the third quarter, which is much improved from last quarter and an encouraging indicator that consumers are becoming more mobile and getting back out on the road. As miles driven continued their slow recovery, sales trends across each of our customer channels strengthened relative to Q2, with our independent unaffiliated professional repair accounts leading the way and posting positive sales growth. Looking forward, we expect this customer segment as well as our fleet and government accounts, national accounts and NAPA auto care centers to strengthen further in the months ahead. Among these customers, our fleet and government segment remained the most pressured, as many of these operations are running at less than capacity due to slower business conditions and/or budgetary constraints. This is especially true for our customers in the energy and airline industries, which have been significantly impacted by the pandemic. To counter these and other commercial headwinds, our teams are executing on a number of recovery plans designed to optimize NAPA's customer value proposition, sell more parts and gain market share. These plans focus on maximizing the effectiveness of our new sales structure, improvements to key programs such as NAPA auto care, enhance systems and digital capabilities, as well as strategic pricing initiatives and improved inventory availability. While our team has made significant progress in the quarter, we expect our focus in these areas and favorable fundamentals to drive meaningful results in the period ahead. Those favorable fundamentals include the growing number of vehicles in the 6 to 12-year aftermarket sweet spot, and the recent spike in new car sales, low gas prices and continued improvement in miles driven. In Europe, aftermarket sales trends had a strong rebound in the third quarter, and our team did a tremendous job of capitalizing on that. Total sales were up an impressive 16%, which is improved from a 3% sales decrease in the second quarter. And comp sales were up a strong 12%, compared to last quarter's mid-teen decline. Importantly, this quarter's sales growth, combined with our ongoing cost savings initiatives, drove a 140 basis-point margin improvement, marking a significant step forward for this group. In breaking down our overall European performance, we are very pleased that operations in each country recovered with positive sales comp, driven by the broad surge in demand for deferred maintenance and repairs. In addition, the powerful NAPA brand has proven to be an effective growth driver. We have introduced the NAPA brand in the UK and France, and plan to roll it out in Germany this month. We posted our strongest European sales in the UK this past quarter, and NAPA branded products have grown to represent a low-double-digit percentage of total sales in less than one year. As a reminder, we identified the opportunity for private brands in Europe at the time of our initial discussions to acquire AAG back in 2017. We are encouraged by the quick acceptance of the NAPA brand and excited for its growth potential. Likewise, our focus on driving growth with key existing and new accounts, including the larger national account customers also contributed to our recovery. So, again, just a fantastic job by the team in Europe on both the top and bottom lines. Turning now to our automotive operations in Australia and New Zealand. This team reported another quarter of exceptional results, with total sales increasing 16% and comp sales up strong at plus 15%. This follows a 4% total sales increase and a 2% core sales increase in the second quarter. Our strong sales for the quarter reflect a robust sales environment for both, the commercial and retail customer segments in the Australasian region, and our team is well-positioned with a 60% commercial and 40% DIY sales mix. We're encouraged by the current sales climate, despite ongoing headwinds due to COVID-related restrictions in select key markets, such as Melbourne, and the state of Victoria. To drive this growth, our team in Australasia is executing on several growth initiatives. These include the continued rollout of the NAPA brand, and new NAPA store openings, digital enhancements across the B2C and B2B platform, strategic pricing and targeted marketing. These and other initiatives as well as the ongoing cost actions across our operations generated a strong 180 basis-point improvement and operating margin for the quarter. So, in summary, we are pleased with the recovery in the aftermarket, and our automotive performance across North America, Europe and Australasia. So, now, let's turn to our results for the global Industrial Parts Group. Total sales for this group were $1.4 billion, down 8.7%, excluding the EIS divestiture. Comp sales were down 9.2%, a significant improvement from the comp sales decline of 16.7% in the second quarter. These sales results as well as our ongoing focus to drive meaningful cost savings and optimizing our distribution network drove an 80 basis-point improvement in net operating margin for the quarter. In North America, our total sales were down 9.7% as compared to a 16.7% decrease in Q2. We saw strengthening trends in industrial indicators over the last several months, and an improving sales cadence in each month of the quarter. Specifically, the ISM PMI, industrial production and capacity utilization have all pointed to increasing industrial activity since we last reported, and we expect these trends to continue in the months ahead. We would also add that as customers reopen their plants, we will capitalize on more onsite sales opportunities. We are also beginning to see an increase in CapEx orders among many of our customers, many of which were deferred due to crisis. So, we see a number of positive signs for the industry ahead. Throughout the pandemic, our team has been executing on our growth strategy to further bolster Motion's leading competitive position in the MRO industry. We are focused on initiatives to expand our industrial services and solutions capabilities, enhance our pricing and category management strategy, and optimize the effectiveness of our Motion Industries website, which we re-launched just last quarter. Each of these initiatives has added value for the Company and our customers. For the quarter, our automation solutions group was our strongest operation, posting high-single-digit growth. We are building out this operation to further support the growing mega trend of plant automation and robotics at our customers. In contrast, the southwest region of the U.S. was our weakest due to the significant impact of COVID on the oil and gas sector in that area of the country. We were also pleased to complete three strategic bolt-on acquisitions in North America during the quarter. Two of these businesses specialize in motion control, and automation products and services, including engineering and application expertise and aluminum extrusion, which complement our growing MI automation solutions group. Our third acquisition expands our hydraulics business at Motion Canada. Combined, these operations, further expand our presence in strategic geographies and overall products and service offerings, and are expected to contribute approximately $35 million to $40 million in annual revenues. So, to summarize our North American industrial performance, we were encouraged by the gradual improvement and sales trends throughout the quarter. Our team also operated well and was very-disciplined in applying their cost control measures, which we believe bodes well for continued progress in the months ahead, as the industrial economy strengthens further. Turning to Australasia, July 1 marked the anniversary of our MI Asia Pac acquisition, and this team delivered a low single-digit sales increase for the quarter. While we continue to benefit from the strength of local mining industry, we are also executing on our new branding strategy and other growth initiatives to drive sales and gain market share. In addition, the MI Asia Pac team is operating well and making excellent progress on key cost reduction and working cap initiatives. Another focus area for GPC has been the advancement of our ESG initiatives. To account for our progress in this important area, we issued our first sustainability report back in 2018, and followed that up with a summary update in 2019. On September 30th, we were pleased to issue our 2020 Sustainability Report. This year's report substantially expands our disclosure across the ESG spectrum, such as human capital and diversity and inclusion, among others. In developing our disclosure, we engaged with our top shareholders to ensure our pathway to ESG best practices, aligned with the expectations of these key stakeholders. We invite you to visit our GPC website to view this report and learn more about our company-wide commitment to ESG. As we move forward through the balance of 2020 and into 2021, our teams will execute on a number of strategic initiatives to build on the positive momentum of the third quarter. These plans and initiatives are grounded in a strategic growth framework, focused on maximizing the value of our Automotive and Industrial business segments and positioning GPC for sustained long-term growth and improved profitability. Key elements of the framework include capturing more wallet share with existing customers and acquiring new customers; introducing new products and services, while innovating our omni-channel strategy and expanding digital offerings; building a global branding strategy to further leverage our powerful NAPA and MI brands, which we have initiated via the rollout of the NAPA brand into Europe and Australasia; and the rebranding of our Inenco Industrial Business to MI Asia Pac; expanding our global geographic footprint, including acquiring strategic bolt-on businesses. And finally, our strategic framework includes ongoing transformation initiative to achieve operational excellence as exemplified by our cost actions and other initiatives. So, now, I'll turn it over to Carol for a deeper review of our financials. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. As a reminder, our comments this morning will focus on adjusted results from continuing operations, which exclude transaction, restructuring and other costs and income. Total GPC sales were $4.4 billion in the third quarter, down 3.4% from 2019 or up 1%, excluding divestitures, which is much improved from the 10% decline in the second quarter. We're also pleased to report our 12th consecutive increase in quarterly gross margin, which improved to 35% compared to 33.4% in the third quarter last year. The 160 basis-point improvement primarily reflects the benefit of sales mix shift to higher gross margin operations, positive product mix, especially in industrial. The broad improvement was driven by our focus on strategic category management initiatives in areas such as pricing and global sourcing. The divestiture of EIS last September 30th was also accretive to gross margin performance. These items were partially offset by a decrease in supplier incentives due to lower purchasing volumes. The pricing environment has remained stable thus far in 2020 with limited supplier price increases and very little inflation in our third quarter sales. Based on the current pricing environment, we expect only minor price inflation through the balance of the year. Our selling, administrative and other expenses were $1.1 billion in the third quarter, down 1.7% from last year and representing 26.1% of sales compared to 25.6% last year on an adjusted basis. The decrease in operating expenses reflects the favorable impact of both, our permanent and COVID-related costs actions implemented thus far in 2020, as previously mentioned by Paul. In accordance with our $100 million cost savings plan announced late in 2019, we're pleased to report that we have successfully achieved the $100 million annual target well ahead of schedule. With more than $40 million in savings recognized in the third quarter, our permanent expense reductions totaled over $110 million for the nine months. In addition, our teams have continued to execute on a number of additional savings initiatives in response to COVID-19. These initiatives contributed approximately $60 million in incremental savings in the third quarter. So, combined, we generated approximately $100 million in cost savings during the third quarter, driven by strategic reductions and payroll and facility costs, as well as more temporary savings from furloughs, reduced travel and entertainment, freight changes and other initiatives in response to COVID. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we will continue to execute on our cost actions, and we currently expect to achieve $130 million to $140 million in permanent cost savings for 2020, which will carry over into 2021. We also expect to generate further savings related to COVID-19 but have less clarity here, as these cost savings will moderate as the economic recovery continues and sales volumes increase. Despite the continued uncertainty, we enter the fourth quarter focused on driving growth and aggressively managing our expenses to maximize profitability. Our total operating and non-operating expenses were an adjusted $1.2 billion for the third quarter, reflecting a decrease of 1.5% from last year and comprising 27.9% of sales. Our total segment profit in the third quarter was $392 million, up 9% on a 3% sales decrease. Excluding divestitures, total segment profit, increased 13% on a 1% sales increase, and our segment profit margin was 9.0%, a strong increase of 100 basis points. Our tax rate for the third quarter was 23.4% on an adjusted basis, down from 24.9% in the prior year period, due primarily to the benefit of statute related adjustments. Our net income from continuing operations in the third quarter was $233 million with earning per share of a $1.61. Our adjusted net income was $237 million or $1.63 per share, which compares to $204 million and $1.39 per share in 2019 or a 17% increase. So, now, let's discuss our third quarter results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the third quarter was $3 billion, up 6% from the prior year and sequentially improved from the 10% sales decline last quarter. Our segment profit at $266 million was up 20% with a profit margin of 9.0%, compared to 8.0% in the third quarter of 2019. The 100 basis-point increase in margin was driven by improved operating results across each of our automotive businesses, which was a great job by our teams and a testament to their continued focus on meaningful cost reductions across our operations. Our Industrial sales were $1.4 billion in the quarter, an 18.6% decrease from a year ago. Excluding the EIS divestiture, Industrial sales were down approximately 9%, which is a significant improvement from the second quarter. Our segment profit of $126 million was down 8% from a year ago or up slightly excluding EIS, and the profit margin was up 80 basis points to 8.9%. The improved margin for Industrial reflects gains in both our North American and Australasian industrial businesses, which was driven by the combination of gross margin expansion and cost savings. We expect to see continued progress in the quarters ahead as the sales environment further recovers. While these sales trends and operating results are encouraging and reflect the recovery from the lows of the second quarter, we continue to operate in an environment of significant uncertainty and cannot reasonably forecast the full impact of COVID-19 in the coming months. As a result, we believe it's prudent to not reestablish formal financial guidance at this time. So, now, let's turn to our comments on the balance sheet. Our accounts receivable of $2.0 billion were down 22% from the prior year, due primarily to the change in sales and the benefit of an agreement to sell $500 million of receivables to a financial institution earlier this year. We remain pleased with the quality of our receivables and confident about our collection trends, although we continue to closely monitor receivables in light of the current business conditions. Inventory at September 30th was $3.4 billion, up 2% from September of last year, or essentially flat excluding the impact of foreign currency. This is a function of lower purchasing volumes and our continued focus on effective inventory management. Accounts payable of $4.0 billion is up 1% from last year and a reflection of the change in inventory and the impact of lower purchasing volumes. At the end of our quarter, the AP-to-inventory ratio was 118%, which has improved from 112% at June 30th. Our total debt at $2.9 billion is down 15% from $3.4 billion last year and down 10% from the second quarter. During the third quarter, we further strengthened our liquidity position and we entered October with approximately $2.8 billion in available liquidity, which has improved from our $2.6 billion liquidity at June 30th and $1.1 billion in liquidity at March 31st. For the first nine months of 2020, we generated $1.4 billion in cash from operations, which is up significantly from 2019. This led to strong free cash flows of over $1.3 billion. As a reminder, we modified our near-term capital deployment strategy back in early April to preserve our cash through the duration of COVID-19. However, we remain committed to several key priorities for cash to serve to maximize shareholder value. These priorities are evident in our improved debt leverage of 2.2 times our total debt to adjusted EBITDA, which compares to 2.5 times at the end of the second quarter, and the $4.3 billion in capital deployed across our four key areas in the last three years. These include reinvestments in our businesses via capital expenditures, M&A growth net of divestitures, share repurchases, and the dividend. For 2020, we reduced our initial $300 million in planned capital expenditures to approximately $150 million to $200 million, and we have suspended plans for share purchases through December 31st. While we've also pulled back on acquisition activity, we've made several strategic bolt-on acquisitions this quarter, as Paul mentioned earlier, and we continue to plan for additional M&A that aligns with our growth strategies for the Automotive and Industrial businesses. And finally, we continue to support the dividend which has increased for 64 consecutive years. So, that's our financial update for the third quarter. We've made significant progress in several key areas. We want to thank our teams for their great work and many accomplishments under these tough circumstances. I'll now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Through the continued focus on our top priorities, outlined at the beginning of this call, we were pleased to report a strong financial performance for the quarter. Our results highlight our progress in several key areas, including strengthening sales trends, continued gross margin expansion, transformative cost actions and significant cost savings, operating margin expansion in each of our businesses, and a stronger balance sheet, enhanced liquidity and substantial cash flows. We are excited for the future at GPC, and we look forward to reporting on our progress in the quarters ahead. We thank you for your interest in GPC. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions. 
Bret Jordan: When you think about the cadence of the quarter, I guess NAPA U.S. specifically but also maybe Europe as well, as we came out of the COVID lockdown, could you talk about sort of how businesses either picked up with mobility improving or maybe even softened as stimulus money was spent? And then, I guess, within Europe, talk specifically about the strength you've seen there. Obviously, not as much consumer stimulus in that economy yet seeming to outperform, could you maybe give us some color as to is that share gain that's driving your significant comp or is it just the underlying lift in service demand?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Bret. And let's start with the cadence first, and maybe I'll touch on total Company. In total Company, we were steady throughout the quarter, turning positive. We were pretty much flat in July-August, turned positive in September, total GPC. As we look at automotive again, total automotive, we were consistent throughout the quarter, mid-single-digit all-in July, August and September. Europe, we were really strong in August, but we were double-digit growth in every month and the quarter. And as we look at our turnaround in Europe, I couldn't be more proud of that team over there, Bret. They -- I mean, you guys know what we went through in Q2, most of France was shut down, a good bit of the UK was shut down. And for us, the post that kind of increase that we did in Q3 is strong, and we're seeing it across the board. We're seeing it in every market, which is what's really got us encouraged and we're seeing it across our customer base. So, we saw it in our small independent, unaffiliated shops, but we also saw solid increase with the big national major account. So, do I think we're taking market share in Europe? Perhaps. But, I guess, we'll have to watch that play out. I'd also tell you, Bret, we're really excited about the rollout of our NAPA private label. And I think that really bolstered our sales in the UK this quarter, we're up at 10 different product categories down in the UK. And we're rolling that out in France, and then we'll go into Germany and the Netherlands as well.
Bret Jordan: You might talk about the margin lift from private label.
Carol Yancey: Yes. The margin on the private label, Bret, as you know, for our private label, we do generally have a more favorable margin when you look at the all-in and consider the terms that we get and the global tenders that we're doing. But generally, we do have a little bit lower price in Europe on that private label. So, it would be neutral in total to Europe on their gross margin. But, the fact is, we're more dollars and we're expanding our market share. And again, when we look at global tenders, there is a GPC benefit, if you will, when you think about global extended terms and putting more volume through our global suppliers.
Paul Donahue: And Bret, as I called out in my prepared comments, when we first started talking to the AAG team a few years back, we saw a real opportunity to introduce private brand into our European markets, and it's played out honestly exactly as we had hoped and thought of would. And I'll tell you what I'm most encouraged by is the acceptance and I guess the recognition of the NAPA brand in Europe.
Bret Jordan: And I guess, a quick follow-up. Could you talk about any regional performance highlights in the U.S.? And then, Carol you talked about inflation moderating. Do you see anything going on in pricing? And I guess maybe more on the DIY side, I think, there were some comments coming out of zone that they and Walmart have become a bit more competitive. Do you see any pricing changes in the market in general?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Pricing has been really rational, and specific to automotive, we cannot say we've seen much in the way of changes whether it's do-it-for-me or DIY, we've had very minimal price increases through the third quarter, 0.1% in automotive, and we really don't expect much at the end of the year. But again, no supplier price increases and a pretty rational pricing environment.
Paul Donahue: And Bret as far as the -- your question around regionality, I'm assuming you're talking about the U.S. Much like we saw in the previous quarter, our strongest markets continue to be the Midwest and the mountains. And those two guys are heading are really continuing to do a good job for us, both delivering positive numbers in Q3. Where we're seeing a bit of stress and again, not surprising, the Northeast was down mid-single-digit in the quarter. But I point out, Bret that if you go back to Q2, our Northeastern business, we were down 19% in Q2. We've gone from down 19 to roughly down 4 and change in Q3. Mid Atlantic, similar story, high-double-digit decrease in Q2 to down mid-single-digits in Q3. So, still a bit stressed in those markets. But, what we're encouraged by is just really strong sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And it sounded like Europe, UK might be the strongest market with France number two.
Paul Donahue: That is correct. Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Beth Reed: Hi. Good morning. This is Beth Reed on for Scot. Just wondering if you guys could help us better understand the cadence of the recovery in auto. I believe the July trends were running about 6% -- first, I just wondered if you could clarify is that sales or comp. I think it was sales, but if you could clarify. And at that time, where were U.S. comps trending. And then lastly, on the U.S. side, did you see trends improve sequentially throughout each month? And any color in cadence maybe around those metrics can be great.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, we’ll double team this one, Beth. But, the first response, I think, you asked, and I’m trying to recount your questions. I think, the first one was around, was the 6% that was mentioned back in Q2, was that comp or total. That was total,, not comp. Okay? So, did that answer that question?
Beth Reed: Yes.
Paul Donahue: Okay. And then, as we look at our automotive business in the quarter it -- again, as I mentioned, our total automotive business was consistent throughout the -- was consistent throughout the quarter, mid-single-digit, and U.S. automotive followed a similar pattern, and it was pretty consistent throughout the quarter.
Beth Reed: Okay. So, the U.S. auto comps were down low to mid -- low-single-digit each one? 
Paul Donahue: Correct.
Beth Reed: Okay, got it. And then, just one on the Industrial side…
Paul Donahue: Hey Beth, I would just add to that. That improved in the month of September.
Beth Reed: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful.
Carol Yancey: July -- and you did say, July was flattish. There was -- and again, August, September weren't quite as much as what July was. But in total, it was -- that's our total number.
Beth Reed: Got it. Okay. On the Industrial side, just with the negative trends continuing, and as you guys mentioned, some of the industries are starting to improve. How should we think about trends in that segment as we look over the next few quarters?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, just a little bit of history on Motion, because we've seen the cyclical times before in the industrial business. We generally lag the industrial indicators. So again, that's consistent with what we're seeing again in these recent quarters. What we are encouraged by, Beth, is we saw sequential improvement throughout the quarter. So, September was the strongest month of Q3. And we do believe that as the economy continues to improve, we'll close that gap between our numbers and then what the industrial indicators are showing. So, our -- the takeaway should be, we anticipate improved demand in the coming months. We're seeing really strong results out of our wood and lumber segments of our business, pulp and paper are good. A lot of that is directly tied to the building industry, which is strong. So, we have no doubt Motion will recover and will be in good shape in the quarters ahead.
Beth Reed: Alright. Thank you so much.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Chris.
Chris Horvers: I just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions there. First on the Motion side. You talked about September being the strongest month, obviously down 9% comps for the quarter. I guess, how close are you to getting to positive there? And then, could you also size up maybe the exposure to weaker industries, like energy and travel?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, the energy comment, Chris, that's definitely a headwind for us. If you look at our Southwest part of the United States was certainly our weakest market in the country, and that is largely driven by oil and gas. So, that's a definite headwind for us going forward. And in terms of looking out, Chris, look, it's challenging. I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty in the markets. There's no doubt. Our expectation is our Motion business will turn positive in '21. But, I would also tell you, our expectation is that we're going to continue to show sequential improvement. Just as we did from Q2 to Q3, we think Q4 will be an improvement over Q3, and then again, certainly positive in '21.
Chris Horvers: So, would that mean that like Motion in September was more down, like mid to high single-digit versus high single-digit decline in September?
Paul Donahue: That is correct.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Makes sense. And then, in terms of, just to clarify on the U.S. cadence in particular. Did -- it seems like DIY slowed? And do-it-for-me got better. But, that was sort of roughly neutral over the three months. Is that right? Because you also mentioned that September got better. So, I was just trying to reconcile all that did -- kind of put that all together?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So my, my reference on September, Chris, was in relation to August. September was a better month than what we saw in August. We saw softness in August. And September did improve. Carol mentioned we were flattish in July, and we dipped a bit in September. But again, we're talking just a few basis points from month to month to month. So, not a massive shift. And I'm sorry. I missed -- I forgot the second part of your question, Chris.
Chris Horvers: So, the second part was really like, it seems like the mixed bag in there as like DIY slowing down. One of your competitors, talked about a drop off in August and into September on DIY. So, I guess, maybe, is that what drove sort of the keeping the relative trend flat over the quarter? And then, any comment on did -- and this is U.S., both questions. Did do-it-for-me -- how close are we to positive in September in commercial?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, our DIY business, and you hit it, Chris. I mean, we had a huge July in DIY and we were up close to 20% in July and it moderated a bit through Q3. But, I mean -- I don't think anybody expects the kind of DIY increases that we're seeing across the industry to continue. Certainly, we've benefited as did all of our peer group from the stimulus money to the hit the markets. Our DIFM business was pretty steady throughout the quarter in that low-single-digit range. And again, I would point out Chris, just as I did with some of the regionality, as I did with Motion, those down low-single-digit, those numbers are improved from the high-single-digit declines that we were seeing back in May in June.
Chris Horvers: Got it, but not -- right, okay. So, but -- so U.S. do-it-for-me was pretty consistent in that down low-single-digit range?
Paul Donahue: Yes.
Chris Horvers: Okay. Sorry to belabor that. And then, in terms of -- maybe on the on the margin side, really a two-part question. So, first on the on the gross margin, EIS actually helped you. Can you talk about how much that was? But then, vendor allowances also hurt too. So, at the high level, how much, how are you thinking about the potential to continue to drive expanded gross margins going forward? And then, I have a follow-up on SG&A?
Carol Yancey: Sure. On the gross margin for the quarter, when you look at our quarterly improvement, I would say this quarter, about a third of that was related to the divestitures. So, two-thirds of our gross margin improvement, like 100 bps is really related to sales mixed shift to higher gross margin operations, specifically our international strong results on automotive, product mix shift, especially in Industrial, and then some of our just pricing and global sourcing initiatives. So, when we look ahead, we do expect to have continued gross margin improvement with a lot of our initiatives that may not be quite at the pace that we've seen. But, we are very encouraged by the gross margin initiatives we have. We've done all that, as you mentioned, with lower volumes. And we have been able to generally offset the lower volume incentives with our lower sales volumes with having our initiatives. So, we’ve anniversaried the EIS divestiture. So, going forward, it will just be the core gross margin improvement.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Then on the SG&A side, Carol, I guess, how are you -- you take a lot of cost out of the business, how are you thinking about the potential to add back that COVID expense in 2021 from a dollar’s perspective?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So on the SG&A side, what we're really encouraged by is the $100 million permanent cost savings that roughly -- or $110 million through nine months. We expect to be $130 million to $140 million for the full year. The COVID savings were $150 million in Q2. And as we mentioned before, about $45 million of that was government subsidies. That moderated to about $60 million in Q3, which relates directly to the improved, as Paul's mentioned, improvement in our volumes, extending hours, bringing folks back in, and we said a lot of those were temporary things. But, part of why we have a higher $100 million permanent savings is, we shifted some of those things to permanent. So, we are still -- we will still have some COVID savings in Q4. It'll be probably less than what it is in Q3. But, I can tell you, all of our business units have additional cost actions. As we look ahead, there are further opportunities we think we'll have, especially as it relates to facilities and productivity improvements, and again, some further consolidations in some back office areas. So, we're still excited about the work the transformation team is doing as we look ahead.
Chris Horvers: Very helpful. Thanks very much.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Melich: Hi. Thanks. I have a couple of questions. One, I'd love to follow up. Thanks for all the color around U.S. automotive. Could you just level set us now on the mix of that business between independents, the NAPA auto care group, major accounts and fleet, just given how disparate the performance has been this year?
Paul Donahue: So, if we look at the business, and as you just described, Greg, our most challenging segment -- and look, I should point out at the outset, our modest difference, okay, I think -- and you've been around long enough, Greg, you know that. Fleet and government is a big segment for us, and that has been our most challenged segment. And I should point out that, mix in that fleet and government, we have our oil and gas, energy business, we have large contracts with municipalities, school bus contracts, we have contracts with the airlines, ground equipment. So, all of that is in that fleet and government. And as you can imagine, Greg, that has been a challenging segment and has continued. It'll come back, and we think it will come back and it will come back strong. Our major account business and our auto care business was down slightly in the quarter as well. Where we saw good growth and we are encouraged is with our what we would really classify as our all other wholesale business, and that is our independent unaffiliated garages. That business held up well. And we are encouraged by that -- by those numbers. And we think we can continue to build on that in Q4 and going forward.
Greg Melich: And if we look at the business, independents and garages, are they now -- are they like half the business or 30% of the business, just -- and fleet and governments may even be down to 20%? Would that be a fair estimate?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, think of it this way, Greg. When we look at our -- at those segments, fleet is -- and I'll give you round numbers, 20% to 25%. And then, you've got the -- that unaffiliated independent garage segment is probably 40% to 45% of the total. And I'm sorry, Greg, you asked about our independent owners as well. Can you maybe ask that again, that question?
Greg Melich: Yes. I just want to know, just generally speaking, how the independents are doing. So, what percentage of the mix are they now as opposed to company owned stores? And how are they doing? I mean, how many of them got PPP loans? Are they sort of fully back and up to running the way that you want to versus what they were doing in the second quarter?
Paul Donahue: Yes. It's a great question, Greg. And I'm glad you did ask that. Independent owners are -- they represent roughly 60% of our business. And I'm pleased to say, our guys have been out, we've been out meeting with some of our big independents, really just this week. They're faring well. And I would tell you that in terms of PPP money, the vast majority, and I'm talking probably close to 90%, got PPP money. So, from a cash position, our independents are doing just fine.
Greg Melich: Great. And then, if I can, so one more question there. You brought up an interesting addition of 35,000 SKUs. That would be direct from vendor. Could you just help us frame what that could mean to sales and sort of expanding the business in a more capital effective way? And I also thought I heard you mentioned some pricing or re-merchandising actions to help gain some share back. But I was…
Paul Donahue: So, let's talk about the SKUs that I referenced, the 35,000 SKUs. Think of that Greg as kind of that whole concept around the endless aisle and taking advantage of our great suppliers and their -- the total extent of their catalogue offering. So today, of course, you think of supplier, Greg and I know Dorman well, a great partner of ours for many, many years. They have a very expansive catalog. We don't -- we do not -- we don't catalog all the SKUs that Dorman has available. But, we're certainly now going to make those available online. And we think that's going to -- it's too early to put a number to it, Greg. We really just launched it. But, that would be an example. Another example would be the WeatherTech line. You know that line, of course, great consumer brand. So, we're excited with what we believe that whole kind of endless aisle can do for the NAPA business. And we're going to continue to expand that opportunity going forward.
Greg Melich: And I hear some -- I heard pricing was rational, but I also thought I heard there were some certain actions maybe in particular segments.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So, we were talking about rational pricing and really no supplier price increases in automotive. The actions taking both in our Automotive and our Industrial business are really buy side, sell side type pricing, global sourcing type internal gross margin initiatives. Really again, there are no drastic changes in the pricing environment. We've just gotten much more strategic as it relates to both, retail and commercial pricing in our gross margin efforts.
Greg Melich: So, these are, just so I understand, more strategic, meaning that you're lowering prices to the customer or end up getting more merch margin based on how you're mixing it?
Carol Yancey: No. I mean, Greg, we've had 12 consecutive quarters of gross margin improvement in an environment with lower sales volumes and no inflation and tariffs. And again, we've got pricing, data analytics. We've got investments we've made. Again, we are getting improved gross margin with these initiatives and remaining very competitive. So, the idea is to grow our sales and grow the business. And again, I'm really pleased to see the opportunities and the results that we've gotten in the gross margin area.
Greg Melich: That's great. Thanks a lot both of you. Good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our last person for questions comes from the line of Matt McClintock with Raymond James. Please proceed with your questions.
Mitch Ingles: Hey, everyone. This is Mitch Ingles, filling in for Matt. Thanks for taking my questions. So, most of my questions have already been answered. I just had a quick follow-up on your major accounts group in Automotive. Are these accounts mostly back on line today and purchasing at lower volumes? It sounds like the recovery for Europe for these types of accounts has been relatively solid. Do you expect a similar trend for these accounts in the U.S. in coming months? Any color on the recent trends here would be helpful. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Matt, we -- I'm sorry. We do expect that business to bounce back and it will bounce back as miles driven bounces back. One thing that hasn't really been talked about this morning, even though there's a whole lot more traffic than the roads and people are backed behind the wheel, which we're happy to see. Miles driven in the last couple of months that I've seen preliminary numbers, it's still down close to 10%. So, as that begins to come back and it will come back, the major account business and all of the commercial business will recover. So, yes, no doubt, you mentioned, our European business and we are very pleased with our major account business in the UK and some of the strength that we saw certainly in Q3 in our European business. And we expect -- quite honestly, we expect that to continue well into 2021.
Mitch Ingles: Great. Thanks for the color. And best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank all of you for your participation in today's call, and we look forward to reporting our year-end results in February. Thank you very much for your support of Genuine Parts Company. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Genuine Parts Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Sidney Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. With me today are Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Today's conference call and webcast are accompanied by a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company, Investor Relations website. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website.  Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including today's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Finally, please note that we've accounted for the Business Products segment, S.P. Richards, as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Now I'll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We hope you are staying safe and enjoying good health. So as we think about our quarterly performance and long-term focus, we want to highlight 4 key messages today. One, we are aggressively managing our company's operations through the challenges of COVID-19 by managing the short-term dynamics while staying focused on our long-term growth initiatives. This includes rigorous cost management as well as targeted investments to successfully position GPC in the recovery period and beyond.  Two, we delivered strong quarterly results amid the challenging backdrop as we executed on our transformation strategy and omnichannel initiatives. Three, with the sale of our Business Products segment and our streamlined portfolio, we are now well positioned to maximize the full potential of our automotive and industrial segments.  And four, we continue to strengthen our financial position by reducing our debt and generating stronger free cash flow. We significantly enhanced our liquidity this quarter and remain in excellent position to deploy capital towards high ROIC initiatives. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the world in significant ways, both in our personal lives and from a business and economic perspective. We remain focused on prioritizing the health and safety of our employees and their families, our customers and our suppliers. We also want to extend another heartfelt thank you to the health care providers and first responders on the front lines of our fight against this outbreak for their commitment to the care and protection of our communities. We are proud of the tireless work by our associates across the global GPC family. As essential businesses, our operations have generally remained fully operational to fulfill critical customer needs, which required hard work under incredibly difficult circumstances. So a big thank you to our 50,000-plus team members for providing exceptional customer service to our partners around the globe.  Working as a team, we have executed with agility through the pandemic, quickly and effectively adopting new safety protocols to ensure a safe work environment. And as mentioned last quarter, we have stepped up our communications with our global teams and our Board to preempt and prepare for developments as much as possible. Overall, our intensified approach to managing our operations has enabled us to enhance our balance sheet flexibility, achieve meaningful cost savings and advanced operational excellence. During the quarter, we also took steps to advance our ESG initiatives, and we plan to highlight these many enhancements in our annual sustainability report to be issued later this year. Environmental, social and governance best practices are an important priority for GPC. Amid the ongoing effect of COVID-19, the S element of ESG has been paramount over the last several months, given the social unrest in our country and the world. At GPC, we have a long-standing corporate commitment to diversity and inclusion and we pledge to be part of an enduring solution to ensure equality for all.  In addition to our progress in these areas, we were pleased to announce the sale of our business products operations, S.P. Richards, on June 30. The sale of SPR represents the culmination of a multiyear strategy to optimize our portfolio and simplify our company. Over the last 3 years, we have reshaped GPC with several divestitures, including Auto Todo, EIS and now SPR and its operations in North America. All in, these divested businesses represent approximately $3 billion in annual revenues, which we have essentially exchanged for higher return investments in our automotive and industrial segments. From here, we move forward with plans to strengthen our focus on sustainable value-enhancing growth and productivity initiatives associated with our faster growing, higher-margin core businesses.  In addition, we will continue to opportunistically expand our global footprint. Our streamlined portfolio has many notable advantages, including scale and volume, the ability to leverage shared services and global branding, as well as synergies associated with common business processes, systems, suppliers and talent. As a more simplified, service-oriented distribution company, we can better maximize the value of GPC and continue to deliver strong results and long-term value.  Now moving on to our financial performance and business update. We entered the second quarter operating in a sales environment pressured by government mandates to prevent the spread of COVID. Broad shelter-in-place restrictions and full lockdowns in markets such as France and New Zealand significantly slowed mobility and overall economic activity. As announced in our May 6 earnings call, April sales were down 30% in automotive and 10% in industrial. And while the industrial segment remained pressured throughout the quarter and was down 12% in June, the automotive group had a strong recovery, down only 2% in June, led by returns to pre-COVID sales volumes in Europe and Australasia.  Total sales for the second quarter were $3.8 billion, down 10.1%, excluding the impact of divestitures, with operating margin of 8.6%, up 40 basis points, and adjusted net income at $191 million, or $1.32 per share. We also delivered improvements in working capital and strong cash flows, which Carol will cover later.  We are pleased to report a 40 basis point improvement in our segment operating profit. This was a significant accomplishment given challenging business conditions and a reflection of the strong leadership, quick decision-making and disciplined execution demonstrated throughout GPC. This approach resulted in continued gross margin expansion and significant actions to adjust our cost structure. And we are well ahead of our original cost savings target for 2020. As we move forward, we expect our teams to maintain this cost discipline and convert many of these temporary expense reductions to permanent and sustainable savings.  So now turning to a review of our business segments. The global automotive group had sales of $2.5 billion in the second quarter, down 10.1% from 2019 and representing 65% of total company revenues. As mentioned earlier, we experienced a sharp decline in sales in April, followed by a strong recovery in both May and June.  In our North American operations, U.S. automotive sales were down 12%, with comp sales down 13.8%. Despite the challenging top line, we were pleased to deliver a 60 basis point improvement in net operating margin. In Canada, total sales were down approximately 13%, with comp sales down 15% and net operating margin up an impressive 400 basis points. For perspective, both regions showed similar recovery trends throughout the quarter with sales improving from 25% to 30% declines in April to mid-single-digit declines in June.  For the quarter, sales to our retail customers continue to outperform through the pandemic, with positive sales growth in the U.S. and Canada. The strength in retail reflects the benefit of stimulus funds and other macro trends, as well as the positive impact of our omnichannel strategy to create an excellent in-store and online customer experience. As examples, we continue to refresh our NAPA stores, train our store associates and build on our loyalty program, while also enhancing our digital tools to grow our DIY business. Enhanced digital capabilities, such as buy online, pickup in store, curbside pickup, ship to home and deliver from store are driving increased traffic to our websites and record online sales in both the U.S. and Canada. We expect to benefit from this positive trend in the future through a continued expansion of our digital offering.  Commercial sales remained under pressure as lower demand from our professional shop customers led to declines in hard part categories such as brakes, chassis, ride control and exhaust. In particular, sales to accounts such as municipalities, state governments and fleets, which commonly distinguish our customer base from the competition, were especially hard hit. Overall, we believe the slowdown in commercial sales reflects the decline in miles driven related to COVID-19. However, we are optimistic that miles driven and other growth drivers will improve as consumers get back on the road for both work and personal travel.  Our North American automotive teams have also been busy executing on several transformative initiatives to streamline their organizations. These steps included changes in management structure, further DC rationalization, a sales reorganization and a continued focus on new delivery strategies and digital tools. These actions have already generated incremental cost savings and operational productivity, as evidenced by our improved operating margin in both the U.S. and Canada. We expect these efforts to continue to add value today and over the long term.  So as we mentioned in our last call, we have worked closely with our independently-owned NAPA stores and auto care customers to help them benefit from the financial aid available to small businesses, the vast majority applied for and received PPP assistance. In light of their support and current business trends, we remain confident in the lasting financial stability of these key partners.  In Europe, our automotive sales were down approximately 3% in the second quarter, reflecting pressure from COVID-19 and lockdowns in France and parts of the U.K. While our operations in Germany and the Benelux region held up fairly well through the peak of the pandemic, France and the U.K. drove an approximate 40% total sales decrease for this group in April. We had a sharp recovery from the lows of April with the reopening of France in May and the U.K. in June, which produced a surge in demand associated with deferred maintenance and repairs. As a result, total sales in Europe were positive in both months, with high single-digit comp sales growth in June.  The improving business conditions across our operations in Europe are promising. We look forward to building on the positive sales momentum and expanding our operating margin as we execute on initiatives to drive both top and bottom line in the periods ahead. We believe our current footprint in the large and fragmented European marketplace is an important competitive advantage for us. In addition, we see growth opportunities in Europe associated with the ongoing rollout of the powerful NAPA brand. This year, we have been expanding on the 5 product categories introduced in 2019 with the rollout of several new product categories including brakes, filtration, oil and steering and suspension. We are also initiating the development of our omnichannel capabilities in Europe, which will extend the digital platforms already offered in our North American and Australasian operations.  Turning to Australia and New Zealand, we are extremely proud of the exceptional performance from this team in the second quarter. Total sales were up 4.4%, driven by an approximate 2% core sales increase. With these sales and continued cost savings, this team produced a 300 basis point improvement in net profit margin. Our team achieved these results despite aggressive steps by the Australian and New Zealand government to prevent the spread of COVID-19, which generally restricted mobility and related demand for auto parts. In fact, these operations have recovered to pre-COVID sales volumes, driven by strong double-digit retail sales growth and solid commercial sales growth in both May and June.  In Australia and New Zealand, retail online sales continue to grow at greater than 300% from the pre-COVID levels. And through our investment in Sparesbox and other digital capabilities, we are prepared for additional online growth in the future. The execution of key initiatives such as the rollout of the NAPA brand across our trade offering, new NAPA store openings in Australia and New Zealand, and optimized global sourcing have been important growth drivers for our commercial business. So as I said before, we are very pleased with our performance in Australasia and expect to further build on this positive momentum.  Turning now to our global Industrial Parts Group. Total sales were $1.3 billion, down 10.2% excluding the EIS divestiture. Comp sales in North America were down 16.7%, offset by the addition of Inenco in Australasia as well as other acquisitions, which contributed 7% to sales in the quarter. Despite the challenging industrial climate, this group produced a flat operating margin relative to 2019 and is up slightly for the first 6 months in 2020.  Looking further at Motion Industries, the slowdown in sales beginning in mid-March continued throughout the quarter, with mid-teen declines in each month. While we operated in a difficult environment, we had anticipated a lagged recovery in industries such as equipment and machinery, iron and steel, pulp and paper and automotive. That played out accordingly with declines in almost every product category and in every industry sector.  Still, we saw positive trends in the second quarter. First, more of our customers are reopening their plants and returning to work, which we expect improved demand for our core industrial categories including power transmission, hydraulics and conveyance, among others.  Second, our customers are beginning to release CapEx orders that were on hold for the past several months.  Third, leading industrial indicators, such as the Purchasing Managers Index and industrial production, pointed to improved industrial activity in June, which we expect to benefit our business in the months ahead. Additionally, the Motion team has been executing on several strategic and transformative initiatives, including the restructuring of their sales organization to optimize their customer coverage and provide for effective remote selling. This team also enhanced our omnichannel capabilities in the quarter with the rollout of a new Motion Industries website, which is expected to drive incremental sales with both existing and new customers. And as in our other businesses, there has been significant focus on aligning Motion's cost structure to drive meaningful savings and more productive operations.  In Australasia, our Inenco team is performing well, with positive total sales growth in June, driven by strong sales in the mining sector. In addition, this team continues to focus on ongoing initiatives to reduce their cost structure. Effective in August, Inenco will further integrate with our North American operations and assume the name MI Asia Pac. The team will utilize Motion's branding and new website and proprietary technology platform to enhance their digital capabilities and drive incremental volume.  Our Industrial Parts Group sells to thousands of customers, representing a diverse cross-section of industry sectors. We continue to expand our products and services in several key areas, including robotics and automation solutions and have plans to bolster our offering through a small bolt-on acquisitions before the end of 2020. So we move forward confident about capitalizing on these additional growth opportunities for our industrial operations in the quarters ahead.  So that's our business update. And now we'd like to make a few comments on our strategic planning for the future. We are excited about the recent actions to reshape our portfolio and focus solely on our automotive and industrial business segments. Both of these businesses have market-leading positions and brands in large and fragmented end markets, strong long-term industry fundamentals and steady 2% to 3% industry growth with consolidation opportunities. As we execute on our near term initiatives, we have also accelerated our strategic planning process to build on our momentum, optimize our readiness for next year and improve our post-COVID recovery rate.  Our strategic growth framework is intended to build out our global branding strategy and further leverage the NAPA and MI brands, capture more wallet share with existing customers and acquire new customers, introduce new products and services, innovate and expand on our digital offering, expand our global geographic footprint, acquire strategic businesses that complement our existing operations, and continuously enhance operational excellence and productivity. We expect to use this framework to focus our teams on driving profitable growth and delivering higher levels of free cash flow and ROIC over time.  So with that, I'll hand it over to Carol to give you a deeper look at our financials for the quarter. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. As mentioned previously, many of our comments, this morning, will focus on adjusted results from continuing operations, which excludes the goodwill impairment charge in transaction, restructuring and other costs and income.  Total GPC sales were $3.8 billion in the second quarter, down 14.2% from 2019 or a decline of 10.1% excluding divestitures. We're pleased to report our 11th consecutive increase in quarterly gross margin, which improved to 33.8% on a reported basis, or an adjusted 34.1% compared to 33.3% last year, up 80 basis points. The improvement primarily reflects the favorable impact of divestitures as well as acquisitions of higher gross margin businesses. These items, as well as strategic category management initiatives including pricing and global sourcing actions and favorable product mix shifts, were partially offset by a decrease in supplier incentives due to lower purchasing volumes. The pricing environment remained stable in the second quarter from relatively high levels of inflation in 2019, which were primarily associated with tariffs in our automotive business. So with supplier price increases of 2/10 of 1% for automotive, and 0.5% for industrial thus far in 2020, the total impact of inflation on our second quarter sales was approximately 1% for both segments.  Based on the current pricing trends, we expect only minor price inflation through the balance of the year. Our selling, administrative and other expenses were $971 million in the second quarter on an adjusted basis or down 13.8% from last year. This represents 25.4% of sales, which is up slightly from 25.3% last year. The decrease in operating expenses were due primarily to the positive impact of our cost actions implemented thus far in 2020.  As mentioned on our last call, our teams continue to execute on initiatives related to our $100 million cost savings plan that was announced in 2019. We're pleased to report that we're well ahead of schedule with this plan, having achieved another $40 million in cost savings in the second quarter for a total of $70 million in expense reductions through the 6 months. In addition, our teams have been executing on a number of additional initiatives to adjust our cost structure for the changes in business conditions related to COVID-19. These initiatives contributed more than $150 million in incremental savings in the second quarter.  So in total, we generated approximately $200 million in cost savings during the second quarter driven by reduced headcount and facility rationalization as well as the deferral of merit pay increases, management pay reductions, furloughs and reduced travel related to the pandemic. These savings include approximately $40 million in government subsidies received by our international operations.  Looking ahead to the third and fourth quarters, we're on track to show further progress towards our $100 million savings plan, and we expect to exceed this target for the full year. However, we also look for the accelerated cost savings related to COVID-19 to pull back as business conditions improve, sales volumes increase and government subsidies are reduced.  That said, while the sales environment remains uncertain, our focus through the second half of 2020 will be to grow our business while continuing to aggressively manage expenses and optimize our cost structure.  During the quarter, we reported several adjustments to account for a goodwill impairment charge in our European business, restructuring, transaction and COVID-19-related costs and a gain from an insurance proceeds related to a facility fire. These adjustments were $556 million in total, with $13 million accounted for in cost of goods sold and $543 million accounted for as operating and nonoperating expenses. In particular, the noncash goodwill impairment charge of $507 million resulted from the ongoing market volatility and the uncertainty in Europe caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. We remain confident in our growth strategy and the long-term industry fundamentals in Europe.  With these adjustments in mind, total operating and nonoperating expenses were an adjusted $1.05 billion for the second quarter reflecting a decrease of 12.3% from last year, comprising 27.5% of sales.  Our total segment profit in the second quarter was $328 million, down 10% on a 14% sales decrease. Excluding divestitures, our total segment profit declined 6% on a 10% sales decrease, and our segment profit margin was 8.6% compared to 8.2% last year for an increase of 40 basis points.  Our tax rate for the second quarter was 24.1% on an adjusted basis and down slightly from the 24.8% in the prior period. Our net income from continuing operations in the second quarter reflected a loss of $364 million, with earnings per share a loss of $2.52. Adjusted net income was $191 million or $1.32 per share, which compares to $215 million and $1.47 per share in 2019 or a 10% decline.  So now let's discuss our second quarter results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the second quarter was $2.5 billion, down 10% from the prior year. Segment profit of $219 million was down 4.3%, with profit margin at 8.8% compared to 8.2% margin in the second quarter of 2019. The improvement in margin primarily reflects solid operating results in our U.S., Canadian and Australasian businesses. As Paul discussed earlier, this was driven by significant cost reductions and the benefit of government subsidies in our international businesses.  Our industrial sales were $1.3 billion in the quarter, a 21% decrease from Q2 of 2019. Excluding the EIS divestiture, industrial sales were down approximately 10%. Segment profit of $109 million was down 20% from a year ago or down 10%, excluding EIS, and the profit margin was flat at 8.2%. So despite the challenging sales environment throughout the quarter, our industrial teams have done an outstanding job of aligning their cost structure with the demand environment and they continue to operate well.  To complete our review of the segments, we're pleased that our July sales results reflect improving business conditions and positive momentum across the automotive and industrial businesses relative to the second quarter. For the month of July, we expect our total sales to be flat with the prior year, representing an approximate 6% sales increase for the automotive segment and a 12% sales decrease in the industrial segment.  So while these sales trends are encouraging, we continue to operate in an environment of significant uncertainty and cannot reasonably forecast the full impact of COVID-19 in the coming months. As a result, we believe it is prudent to not reestablish our formal financial guidance at this time.  So now let's turn our comments to the balance sheet. Our accounts receivable of $1.8 billion was down 29.7% from the prior year, due in part to the sales decrease for the quarter. In addition, during the second quarter, the company entered into an agreement to sell receivables to a financial institution resulting in a $500 million decline in accounts receivable from last year and serving to further strengthen our cash position. We remain pleased with the quality of our receivables and are confident in our collection trends, which we continue to closely monitor in light of the current business conditions.  Our inventory at June 30 was $3.4 billion, down slightly from June of last year due to effective inventory management and reduced purchasing volume, offset by the impact of acquisitions.  Accounts payable of $3.7 billion is down 3.5% from last year due to the change in inventory and lower purchasing volumes for the quarter. At June 30, our AP-to-inventory ratio was 112%, which has improved from 110% at March 31.  Our total debt of $3.2 billion is down 17% from $3.9 billion in 2019 and has improved 11% from $3.6 billion last quarter. The cash from the sale of accounts receivable as well as the proceeds from the sale of S.P. Richards were used to pay down debt and strengthen our cash position. At June 30, we remain in compliance with our debt covenants with total debt to a trailing 12-month EBITDA as defined in our credit agreement at 3.2x compared to 3.4x at March 31.  In addition, during the second quarter, we entered into new international credit agreements, which were made available to us increasing our total available credit capacity to $4.8 billion from $4.4 billion at March 31. As a result of these actions, we entered July with approximately $2.6 billion in available liquidity, which is significantly improved from our $1.1 billion liquidity position at March 31.  Thus far, in 2020, we have generated $921 million in cash from operations, which is up significantly from 2019. Our free cash flow is also strong. While we modified our near-term capital deployment strategy in early April to preserve cash during the COVID-19 crisis, we remain committed to several key priorities for cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. These priorities are evident in the $4.3 billion in capital deployed across 4 key areas over the last 3 years. They include the reinvestment in our businesses through capital expenditures, M&A growth net of divestitures, share repurchases and the dividend.  For 2020, we reduced our initial $300 million in planned capital expenditures to approximately $150 million to $200 million, and we have suspended plans for further share repurchases and acquisitions other than small bolt-ons. We are prepared to adjust these plans as business conditions improve and as we gain confidence in a sustained recovery. Likewise, we will continue to support the dividend, which we have increased for 64 consecutive years.  So that's our financial update for the second quarter. And while the quarter presented many challenges, our teams did amazing work, especially on the cost structure and balance sheet side. We thank them for that, and we enter the second half of 2020 well positioned for the future.  Paul, I'll turn it back over to you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We made significant progress in several important areas during the quarter. Our people, portfolio positioning and operational excellence initiatives are driving results and increased confidence at GPC today. To recap the key messages outlined at the beginning of our call, our teams operated well through the challenges of COVID-19, and we continue to prioritize the safety and well-being of our GPC associates and customers while executing on our growth initiatives with speed and agility. Our second quarter financial performance benefited from improving sales trends in automotive, continued gross margin expansion and transformative cost actions. All of these efforts, coupled with our strong balance sheet, puts us in excellent position to continue to deliver operating margin expansion and strong free cash flow. And finally, with the steps taken to simplify and optimize our portfolio, we move forward as a more streamlined organization, focused on our automotive and industrial operations and with a well-defined strategic growth framework intended to maximize growth and value creation for all stakeholders.  So despite the economic uncertainty, future impact of COVID-19 and pace of recovery, GPC is well positioned and prepared for the various scenarios that may evolve over the near term. We look forward to executing our strategic plans into 2021 and updating you on our progress.  Thank you for your interest in GPC. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Mark Jordan: This is Mark Jordan on for Bret. It looks like the U.S. automotive business has improved from the lows, but it looks like it maybe remains pressured. And I may have missed it in the prepared remarks, but did you provide the July sales trends for the U.S.?
Paul Donahue: Mark, this is Paul. We did talk about that, but I'll go ahead and touch on it again. Our sales right now -- and we haven't finalized July, but our sales right now in U.S. automotive are positive in the month of July.
Mark Jordan: Okay. And can you talk about maybe the gap between DIY and DIFM? And maybe when we can expect to see some more improvements in the DIFM segment? I know you mentioned it seems like some of the public sector customers are pressured.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So as we look at the quarter, Mark, our DIY business was down in April, low single digit and then turned to a positive trend in both May and June. Actually, we're up low double digits in both months, and we're seeing that even strengthen further in July. DIFM was down, I think, close to 25% in the month of April. And was down mid- to high-double digits in above May and June.  We are seeing a little bit of a bounce back as we go into July, but it's still trending down a bit. And so as we look at it, Mark, as miles driven begin to bounce back and they will, DIFM is going to bounce back with it. We still firmly believe that our market-leading position in the commercial segment is the place to be, and it best positions NAPA for long-term sustained growth.
Mark Jordan: Okay. Great. And then can you just talk about maybe some regional trends in the U.S. during the quarter? What regions were strongest and what were weakest?
Paul Donahue: Yes, sure. So as we've seen in the past couple of quarters, the strongest regions in the quarter were out in the mountain region. So Colorado, Montana, Wyoming, probably the area that was, at that time, least impacted by COVID. The Midwest was strong, again, relatively strong compared to our -- the rest of the results.  And then the areas that were hardest hit, I don't think, Mark, will be a surprise to you, the Northeastern part of the country and then really down the Eastern seaboard. I would point out that as we look across the rest of our business, we saw good growth -- really good growth in Australia, despite the fact that New Zealand was in a full lockdown for the better part of 8 weeks. And we saw a real resurgence in Europe, again, despite the fact that both France and the U.K. were in full lockdown for a portion of the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Montani with Evercore.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to ask if I could, on the commercial side. Paul, if you can just remind us the breakdown of the business there between, kind of, NAPA AutoCare now versus the municipal state business and then the core garages, just for a sense of the mix there. And then for some incremental color about how you saw those 3 parts of the commercial segment evolving across the course of the quarter and into July. And then I had a follow-up.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So Mike, the NAPA AutoCare program, which we have now approximately 17,000 to 18,000 members in our AutoCare program, is a key component of our commercial business as our -- the major account segment. And then you get into fleet government and the like.  As you can imagine, and as I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the most challenged was our municipality fleet and government business. AutoCare was better than the fleet business. And AutoCare, of our total U.S. automotive business, is close to 20%, give or take. That business was pressured.  I would say, Mike, what we are pleased with is that we worked with our AutoCare centers as we did with many of our independent NAPA jobbers to secure PPP funding. We worked very closely with them. So those businesses are financially sound. And as miles driven begins to bounce back, again, we have no doubt that business will bounce back as well.
Michael Montani: Great. That was -- the follow-up I had was just around the jobber performance during the quarter. So I'm wondering if you can just update us on how many jobbers you all have now versus a year ago? And then, how have their trends kind of compared to some of the U.S. trends that you called out so helpfully already?
Paul Donahue: Yes, very consistent in terms of the performance, Mike, and -- with our NAPA jobbers. And certainly, there's outliers as we look around the country. What -- the trends that we're seeing in our -- with our NAPA jobber base is that, certainly, those NAPA jobbers who are larger, better funded, strong entrepreneurs, they're getting bigger and they're acquiring more and more stores, and they're performing just fine. In total, we have approximately 3,000 independent owners that own our 5,000 independent stores.  So the bigger owners, again, as I mentioned, we work closely with to ensure they secured PPP funding. And the majority all did and are in financial leader in good shape. And again, as we emerge from the pandemic, cars get back on the road, our jobbers are going to be just fine.
Michael Montani: Okay. The last one I have is just around the pricing environment in the market. And there was some good commentary already there from Carol. But just wanted to understand how rational is the space, both in the U.S. and then also in Europe, where you're rolling out the private label offer?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, I'll give you my viewpoint. And maybe Carol wants to weigh in as well. Historically, Mike, the -- certainly here in the U.S., North America, the pricing atmosphere has been very same. We -- you generally don't see a big spike because you put brakes on sale in a given month. So we've seen, as we have through the years, a very normalized pricing atmosphere here in North America.  And it's really no different in Europe. There's a few big competitors, one who also reported this morning. And so again, the pricing atmosphere there is solid as well. Did you have anything, Carol, you'd add?
Carol Yancey: Yes, Mike, just as a reminder, the inflation that we have had really related to the tariff back a year, 18 months ago, so we've anniversaried those tariffs. And as we go into second half, we really don't foresee at this point -- and again, there's a lot of uncertainty in the second half, we don't foresee much in the way of price increases and inflation.  Having said that, and you guys saw our 11th consecutive quarter of gross margin increases, we're really driving that through a lot of our strategic category management. And whether that's global tenders or global sourcing or pricing initiatives, that's really how we're hanging on to the gross margin improvement that we have.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: It's Christian on for Chris. I know you mentioned the municipalities, sales in municipalities as a big differentiator versus your competitors. I'm just trying to think with -- given O'Reilly's positive DIFM commentary yesterday, what would you say is the rest of the delta to your competitors? Would it be more on the geography mix front, given you have some more stores in the Northeast was hit particularly hard? Or was it more of a market share issue?
Paul Donahue: Well, well, we don't believe it's a market share issue. I'll just make that comment right upfront, Christian. We -- look, they had strong results, which -- congrats to the guys in green. What -- the way we look at that is it's just further indication of the opportunities that we've got for growth in the aftermarket despite the pandemic that we're all operating in, and it bodes well for us over time.  As we see what's occurred in this quarter, certainly, the surge in DIY, there's a lot of stimulus dollars out there. There's a lot of folks who have a lot of time on their hand. We still believe, as I mentioned earlier, the place to be in this -- in the automotive aftermarket is in the commercial segment, and we think that will hold up well for us in the long run.  As we look at our competition, and it's certainly in the big 4. And I'll just remind you, Christian, the big 4 represent about 35% of the industry, maybe 35% to 40%. Our model is different. We're 80% DIFM and just 20% on the DIY side. So we're a different model than what our competitors are. And I would point out that in the month of July, we are seeing our DIFM business begin to recover and come back. And we do firmly believe that as miles driven come back, that we'll continue to see improvement in our DIFM business.
Unidentified Analyst: Makes sense. That's very helpful. And then could you also -- I don't know if you've mentioned it in the call, but could you size out the $150 million in incremental savings from initiatives, the reduced headcounts, management pay reductions for low in the rest of that group?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So the $100 million of cost savings that we introduced last year, Q4, and we mentioned that we were on track for that, we achieved $40 million in Q2 giving us $70 million year-to-date. We'll actually be ahead of plan on that. And those are permanent cost savings, probably 75% to 80% payroll-related, related to our BRP and some other facility consolidations and we're looking at other areas as well.  The incremental in Q2 cost savings that we talked about really related to mitigating the impact of COVID-19. We put those in place, and we were pleased to see the results in the quarter. Many of those are temporary, about 60% to 65% is payroll-related. We had government subsidies in there, some freight. Of course, travel and entertainment, rent. We're working hard to see what we can make permanent. But as we said before, many of those are temporary. So delaying merit increases, some of the voluntary and involuntary furloughs, things like that. But knowing we're also looking at further structural changes. So we hope to have some of those permanent. But we do expect those to pull back in the second half. But no, we're going to be ahead of plan on the $100 million cost savings that is permanent.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc.
Daniel Imbro: Paul, not to beat a dead horse. But just one, as we think about the DIFM recovery for the industry and for you guys, you mentioned miles driven mounting back being the biggest driver. There's a lot of uncertainty here, but curious, given your experience, are you assuming that we get back 100% of miles driven? Or is there going to be some kind of lingering impact from work from home, less commuting, anything like that, like what do you think kind of your outlook or your -- like you guys' outlook would be for what "normal" looks like into 2021?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Yes, Daniel. So what the new normal looks like is anybody's guess at this point. But look, we -- as we look across the automotive aftermarket, and I look at the fundamentals that we have with the average age of the vehicle now moving up to 11.9 years, gasoline prices are down 20% year-over-year. What we see with folks that are going to be, I think, very reluctant as we've -- as -- to jump back on airplanes and travel either on business or vacation, we believe that more and more folks will be utilizing their vehicles.  So look, eventually, we do believe that we'll get back to those miles-driven numbers that we have seen and enjoyed in recent years. But it will most likely take a bit of time. But in the meantime, we're enjoying a nice -- a very nice bump in our retail business, like our competitors are. And we're very pleased with the increases we're seeing outside of the U.S. So I mentioned our business in Australia and New Zealand had just a spectacular quarter. And we've seen a real nice bounce back in Europe as well as they reopen their markets. So all in all, the fundamentals are solid. And we continue to be incredibly bullish about the automotive aftermarket.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That's helpful. That dovetails nicely, next question was going to be on Europe. I think the result is a lot better than feared there, and you mentioned a nice snap back into June. I think you said high single-digit organic growth. Can you parse out what you think is driving that level of growth? Is it just how shut down France was? There's a catch-up spend? Or are you gaining incremental market share in those markets? Kind of what's driving that higher level of growth? Because that's still a pretty heavy DIFM market. So I was surprised by that level of bounce back.
Paul Donahue: Yes. It's incredibly heavy on the DIFM side, Daniel, you're spot on. It's 95%, basically, DIFM. Certainly, a good bit of the bounce back is pent-up demand. But what we are encouraged is that the surge that we saw in June has carried over into the month of July. And as I look at our strategy when we entered Europe 2-plus years ago, we're -- our strategy was launching private label. We're in the throes of launching NAPA, as I mentioned, across all of our markets. We've expanded our footprint into the Netherlands, which is a great market for us. We've expanded our footprint in Germany as well.  We've strengthened our management team. We've captured improved payment terms as we've leveraged our relationships with our big global suppliers. We are right on track to deliver on the cost savings that we committed to 3 years ago. And finally, what's exciting as well, Daniel, is that we're in the very early days of developing our online/omnichannel strategy for Europe. And again, we think that will bode well for us as we go forward. So we continue to be very optimistic about our position in that really fragmented market.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. That's helpful. And then last one for me, moving to the industrial side. I think, Paul, you mentioned June trends, leading indicators got better. But Carol, during your remarks, I think you said we're still down 12% in July. So can you maybe help me reconcile those 2 things? It feels like you're more optimistic on the outlook, but near term, things are still pretty pressured. So when do you expect to see those indicators come through? And yes, what's kind of the outlook there for that segment?
Paul Donahue: Yes. And I appreciate you -- I appreciate the question on industrial, Daniel. It's a really important segment for us. It's a great business that we have at Motion as well as now MI Asia Pac. And I would mention before I go to the U.S., our business in Australia and New Zealand and Southeast Asia, again despite the shutdown in New Zealand, is performing quite well, surpassing our numbers here in the U.S., and we're seeing real strength in the mining sector over in that part of the world.  Here in the U.S., what we are seeing an improved trend in July versus what we saw across Q2, we're still down, but we are seeing that trend improve. And what we believe we're going to see happen, Daniel, is that we're seeing right now, factories begin to reopen. Plants are reopening. Some of our big customers are beginning to release CapEx orders that have been on hold. We're seeing the leading indicators, PMI and industrial production showing improved numbers.  So look, industrial has lagged the automotive recovery, which we fully expected, we've seen that in the past. But we do believe that we'll see continued improvement in our numbers throughout Q3 as well as Q4 in the industrial segment as factories continue to reopen.
Operator: And our final question will be coming from Matt McClintock with Raymond James.
Mitchell Ingles: Yes. This is Mitch Ingles, filling in for Matt. So my first question was on your digital investments. Your Sparesbox acquisition last year seems even more timely today, given the leading digital interface and CRM capabilities for the Australian automotive aftermarket. Have you been able to implement these attributes to your other auto regional businesses? Or more broadly speaking, what do you see as a driving force for your digital investments going forward?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, thanks for the question, Mitch. And I appreciate you bringing up our digital initiatives. Sparesbox, as you mentioned, was a great acquisition for us and a very timely acquisition given what's transpired with the pandemic. And in our Australian business, we've seen a 300% lift. We've been -- and what we are doing, Mitch, is utilizing the skill sets that we've acquired at Sparesbox. They're teaming up with our digital team here in North America. And ultimately, we'll be partnering with our teams in Europe to bring much of that expertise to the European market as well.  We've -- a couple of things that I would point out that we've launched. I know I talked about curb side pick up, ship to home, buy online, pick up in store. Most of the things that other businesses are doing around the world, we've also improved. And I think one of the real key factors for us is we've improved our search capabilities across all of our businesses. And we've also delivered new apps for product recommendations. So a number of factors that are leading to really solid, solid growth. And we've also, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've improved and enhanced our online initiative at Motion as well. So we're very pleased. We've got a great team on the digital side, and we're very bullish on that segment as we move ahead.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Sidney Jones: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. We thank you for your interest and support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to updating you on our third quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to General Parts Company First Quarter and 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sidney Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company first quarter 2020 conference call to discuss our earnings results and COVID-19 business update. I’m here with Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call and webcast are accompanied by a slide presentation that can be found on the Genuine Parts Company Investor Relations website. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today’s discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today’s call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings, including this morning’s press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now I’ll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid. And welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We hope you are staying safe and enjoying good health in these challenging times, and we appreciate you joining us today for our review of this morning’s release. We would like to begin today’s call with a few comments regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and its significant impact around the world. Our hearts go out to the millions of people affected by COVID-19, and we thank those health care providers and first responders on the front lines of our fight against this outbreak. Their commitment to the care and protection of our communities is admirable and greatly appreciated. We also owe a debt of gratitude to our associates across the global GPC family. Our team members have lived our GPC values every day and stepped up with powerful displays of commitment to each other, our customers and our communities. Working as a team, we rallied to navigate the crisis to ensure our employees stay healthy, our operations remain safe and our teams are well positioned to serve our customers’ critical needs. Each of our three business segments are classified as essential businesses, and we are proud to be able to take care of our customers during these unprecedented times. Like everyone, new protocols at our facilities require us to adjust the way we conduct business. To highlight a few examples, we now make mask, sanitizer and other PPE widely available for our team mates, direct movement patterns within buildings, mandate social distancing and implement temperature checks in many of our operations. We created flexible operating policies for our associates and our customers, implemented remote work plans and develop phase attendant strategies to ensure a safe environment. Importantly, we stepped up our communication approach with our global employee base. We distribute daily and weekly updates to provide information and progress reports on our collective efforts. Our technology platforms and talented IT teams have worked hard to enable a seamless transition to our new technological reality. Despite all our new routines, our 55,000 associates remain positive, productive and connected. We are also exceptionally proud to recognize our colleagues who have been so generous to give back to our communities throughout this crisis. We have continued our support of numerous charitable organizations, including internal relief funds that support fellow GPC team mates the need and have many examples where we have donated PPE and cleaning and safety supplies to hospitals and health care centers. In addition, our employees volunteered their time to numerous worthy causes. Giving back has and always will be a core GPC value. Given the circumstances, we will start by sharing a few first quarter highlights, and then we want to turn to, one, the business environment over the past 90 days; and two, how our teams have responded. After that, I’ll provide commentary on each of the business segments before handing the call over to Carol to detail the financial results. So total sales for the first quarter were $4.6 billion, up 1.1%, excluding the impact of divestitures or down approximately 3.7% on a reported basis. For perspective, sales were up over 2% through February, despite mild weather and mixed industrial end market trends. Sales in the first half of March were also strong, up approximately 4% compared to the same period the prior year. As the virus impact accelerated, we experienced an approximate 16% sales decrease during the second half of March compared to the same period the prior year. Net income in the first quarter 2020 was $137 million and earnings per share were $0.94, with adjusted net income at $133 million or $0.92 per share. We estimate an approximate 3% negative impact to net sales and a $0.21 negative impact to EPS during the first quarter 2020 contributed to COVID-19. Moving to the business environment and our response. You might recall from our February earnings call, we highlighted the strong momentum the teams were building with a solid fourth quarter in 2019 performance. We entered 2020 focused on our strategic growth, improving our operating performance and capital allocation initiatives. 2020 was poised to be an exciting year for GPC. In mid-February, when we released our 2019 results, we spoke to these plans and initiatives as well as commenting on supply chain operations in China, which, at the time, was impacted by the outbreak. As the impact of COVID-19 was more broadly felt around the globe, we began to see declines in demand in mid-March. National lockdowns in France and New Zealand followed and broad shelter in place mandates impacted our operations. This trend continued for the balance of the first quarter and throughout the month of April. In response to the crisis, we have elevated the cadence in which we are managing the business. I am proud of the coordinated and strong leadership demonstrated across the company over the past two months. Teams have stepped up, acted urgently and executed with discipline. We increased the frequency of our global leadership cadence and formed a cross-functional COVID-19 response team to accelerate decision-making, analyze rapidly-changing information and coordinate sharing best practices across the global teams. As a result, we took rapid action to address our cost structures given the new realities of sales volume and business activity. We developed a disciplined process to identify, analyze and prioritize nearly 50 enterprise cost actions. Select cost savings actions put in place include delayed merit increases, headcount reductions, voluntary and involuntary leave of absences, hiring freezes, executive and officer pay reductions, reduced bonuses and commissions, government subsidies collections, reduction in hours of operations, rent relief, professional fees and marketing expense reductions, T&E reductions and facility closures, to name just a few. We created detailed scenario models and built a refined financial forecast process to assess weekly performance and adjust action to business reality. Our teams continue to evaluate and implement cost savings measures to appropriately respond to the business conditions and are focused on maintaining cost discipline as our markets recover. We should mention that our global supply chain is operating well. Our supply chain, including foreign and domestic manufacturing capacity and logistics, is largely performing at levels seen prior to COVID-19. We believe the power of our global operating scale, product and geographic diversification of supplier partners and intense teamwork across our business units, create an advantage as we work to minimize any potential service disruption for our customers. We continue to monitor a few geographies in specific product categories such as PPE that are still returning to pre-crisis levels, but we are cautiously optimistic about the path to full recovery. We would be remiss if we did not take the opportunity to publicly thank our GPC procurement teams and our valued suppliers for their unwavering partnership and support. Now let’s turn to a review of our business segments, beginning with our global automotive group. For the first quarter, this group represented 57% of total revenues and had a sales decline of 1%, excluding divestitures. In our North American operations, U.S. automotive sales were down 3.8% in the first quarter, with comp sales down 5.7%. Primarily, the sales decline reflects the combination of a slow start to 2020 due to the mild winter weather that pressured sales in January and February and the impact of COVID-19 in the last half of March. While sales started strong in March, up 7% through midmonth, sales fell by 24% over the final two weeks of the quarter. These headwinds drove sales declines in both the commercial and retail segments of our business. And while the DIFM segment, which represents 80% of our total U.S. automotive sales, outperformed our DIY sales for the quarter overall. This flipped in late March with DIY showing more resilience throughout this crisis. Under the current business conditions, online orders have increased significantly and have been an important factor in driving DIY sales. Our omnichannel initiatives, such as buy online, pick up in store, curbside pickup and expanded ship-to-home capabilities, including next-day delivery to every U.S. market, allow our customers a variety of convenient options when making a purchase. In addition, this environment has prompted us to provide additional services, such as same-day store deliveries on the DIY side and touchless delivery for our commercial customers. We believe that these services will prove to enhance our customer value proposition in both the near and long term. Before leaving our U.S. automotive operations, we thought we would share an update on the financial state of our independent owners and our good AutoCare customers. As we mentioned in our April six release, our NAPA team, along with several of our financial partners, are working closely with these independently-owned businesses to help them benefit from the financial assistance available to them. This has involved continued education regarding several programs, including the Cares Act. To date, the vast majority of our independent NAPA owners have applied for PPP assistance with 60% receiving funding and expect a decline. The majority of our owners have also applied for other financial support, such as loan payment deferrals and standard SBA loans for disaster relief. Importantly, we would emphasize that none of our NAPA owners had to close their businesses due to COVID-19. In addition, among our NAPA AutoCare center customers, most of which remain open for business, more than 60% have filed for assistance with over 40% currently funded. We are confident in the financial stability of these key partners and we’ll continue to work with them to ensure they pull-through these difficult times. In Canada, we also experienced mid-single digit comp sales declines, which were partially offset by acquisitions. Through February, our Canadian business was trending slightly positive. Although sales began to gradually slow in early March before falling 25% over the last half of the month, in accordance with provincial shelter in place orders. In Europe, our automotive sales were up 14%, driven by the incremental benefit from the PartsPoint and Todd acquisitions in 2019. Sales were offset by a high single digit decline in core sales, driven primarily by COVID-19 as well as the impact of foreign currency. After posting relatively flat comp through February, sales in Europe slowed significantly in early March and were especially pressured following the March 17 preemptive government lockdown in France. France is our largest market in Europe, representing approximately 39% of total European revenues. And we look forward to the easing of these restrictions later this month. In light of our earlier expectations for much improved results for Europe in 2020, the current conditions represent a temporary setback, which our team is addressing via several measures, including aggressive cost reductions. In addition, with a vast network of operations across several key regions, including France, the U.K., Germany, Poland, the Netherlands and Belgium, we continue to view our expanded footprint in a large and fragmented European marketplace as an important competitive advantage. We are committed to our growth strategy for these operations and expect this business to emerge from the pandemic well positioned to actively build on its market-leading position in the recovery. Our strongest automotive results were in Australia and New Zealand, where we posted low single-digit comp growth and operating margin expansion despite a significant negative impact from foreign currency translation. This region was the least affected by COVID-19 in March. Although New Zealand, which represents less than 20% of our Australasian automotive revenues, was also under a mandatory lockdown. As in the U.S., online sales have been strong through this crisis and a solid driver of retail sales for this region. We continue to support our customers through buy online, pick up in store, and deliver from store capabilities, utilizing the Repco store fleet of delivery vehicles in all markets. With the dramatic growth in online demand, the timeliness of the Sparesbox acquisition in 2019 has proven especially beneficial. Sparesbox is Australia’s leading online automotive parts and accessories business. And we have utilized its specialized expertise to enhance our understanding of the digital marketplace and improve our omnichannel capabilities in Australasia and across our global automotive operations. So that’s a recap of the global automotive group and our first quarter performance. The headwinds we experienced relative to COVID-19 had a significant impact on demand late in the quarter. And despite our confidence in the long-term fundamentals of the aftermarket, we expect a decline in miles driven, consumer spending and overall economic activity to continue to pressure this segment over the near term. Now turning to our global Industrial Parts Group. Total sales were $1.5 billion, up 4.7%, excluding the EIS divestiture. North American comp sales were down 3.1%, including an approximate 1% decline in sales due to the impact of COVID-19. This was offset by the addition of Inenco in Australasia as well as other acquisitions, which contributed 7.8% of sales. Inenco was acquired in July of 2019 and performed well in the first quarter despite the challenges of the lockdown in New Zealand as well as Southeast Asia. Looking further at Motion Industries, our North American industrial operations, the slowdown in the industrial economy over the last five to six months in 2019 was showing the early signs of a recovery in January and February. Leading indicators, such as the purchasing managers index and industrial production, pointed to a stabilizing industrial economy until March when COVID-19 presented a new set of challenges for the industry. The growing pressure on demand related to customer closures and the broad decline in economic activity over the last two weeks of March led to just two of our 14 product categories posting positive year-over-year sales gains in the first quarter. This, of course, includes our safety products category, which has benefited from the heightened demand for PPE and other safety supplies throughout the crisis. By industry sector, all 12 key groups posted year-over-year sales declines, ranging from slight decreases for the food processing and aggregate and cement sectors, to double-digit declines for equipment and machinery, iron and steel, automotive and oil and gas. Despite the current sales environment, the Motion team operated well and delivered their eighth consecutive quarter of operating margin improvement. Thus far, in the second quarter, the economic pressure of COVID-19 has continued to impact the demand environment. With that said, we sell to thousands of customers, representing a diverse cross-section of industry sectors, which should soften the level of sales declines for this business. Likewise, we continue to expand our automation solutions capabilities and prepare for the surge in demand associated with incremental maintenance and repairs in a recovery. We are actively tracking the status of our customers’ factories and seeing more customers returning to work and opening their plant. This is a positive development for the industry, which we expect to drive improved demand for our core industrial categories, including powered transmission and electrical products, hydraulics, pneumatics and conveyance, among others. Rounding out our business segment updates, the Business Products Group reported sales of $468 million, down 2.3% or up 1.5%, excluding the impact of its SPR Canada and GCN divestitures. The 1.5% sales increase reflects the positive impact of especially strong sales of jan/san and safety supplies, which we began to see in connection with the COVID-19 in early March. This category was up 28% from last year and accounted for 46% of total revenues for this business segment in the first quarter. Sales in this category have offset the declines in our core business products categories. And while we expect these trends to continue as we battle through COVID-19, we anticipate a more challenging second quarter relative to Q1. Looking beyond these near-term trends, we continue to evaluate our longer-term plans for this business. So with that, I’ll hand it over to Carol to give you a deeper look at our financials for the quarter. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. Total GPC sales were $4.6 billion in the first quarter, down 3.7% from 2019 or up 1.1%, excluding the impact of divestitures. For the quarter, we were pleased to report our tenth consecutive increase in our quarterly gross margin, with gross margin improving to 32.9% from 31.8% in 2019 or up 108 basis points. The improvement primarily reflects the favorable impact of divestitures and acquisitions of higher gross margin businesses in automotive and industrial. These items as well as favorable product mix shifts were partially offset by a decrease in supplier incentives due to lower purchasing volume. The pricing environment stabilized in the first quarter from relatively high levels of inflation in 2019, primarily associated with tariffs in automotive and Business Products. In addition to the slight carryover effect of these tariffs in the first quarter, additional supplier price changes thus far in 2020 have been flat in automotive, 0.4% in Industrial and 0.5% in office. So overall, pricing had a slightly favorable impact to sales for the quarter, and we expect only minor price inflation through the balance of 2020. Turning to our selling, administrative and other expenses. This line item was $1.23 billion in the first quarter or up 2.4% from last year. Or up an adjusted 2.7%, excluding the impact of transaction and other costs, and this represents 27% of sales on both a GAAP and adjusted basis. These operating costs were up from last year due to several factors, including the loss of leverage on our expenses related to the lower-than-expected sales volumes and the impact of divestitures and acquisitions with higher cost models. In addition, the effect of rising costs in areas such as freight and delivery, insurance, IT and cybersecurity also drove the increase. With that said, we were pleased to see improving trends in several key areas such as payroll and legal and professional expenses. Costs in these categories were down from last year, which primarily reflects the favorable impact of our $100 million in cost-saving initiatives announced last year. We expect these improving trends to continue through the balance of the year given the positive momentum of these initiatives as well as our new and accelerated cost actions that are taken in association with the COVID-19 impact. Combining the SG&A line with our other operating and non-operating expenses, total operating and non-operating expenses were $1.32 billion for the first quarter in 2020. This is an increase of 1.9% from last year or an adjusted increase of 4.6% and represents 29% of sales on both a GAAP and adjusted basis. Our total segment operating profit in the first quarter was $276 million, down 14% on a 4% sales decrease or down 10% on a 1% sales increase, excluding divestitures. Our operating profit margin was 6.1% compared to 6.8% last year. Our tax rate for the first quarter was 23.7%, which is a decrease from the 24.2% in the prior year and due primarily to the net effect of shifts in income mix as well as favorable valuation allowances related to the gain on the insurance proceeds for the SPR fire, offset by less favorable stock option activity. Excluding onetime transaction, restructuring and other costs and income, our adjusted tax rate, which does not benefit from the valuation allowances just discussed, was up from last year to 25.8%. Our net income in the first quarter was $137 million and earnings per share of $0.94 and compares to $160 million and earnings per share of $1.10 last year. Our adjusted net income of $133 million or $0.92 per share compares to $187 million or $1.28 per share for 2019. Now let’s discuss our first quarter results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the first quarter was $2.6 billion, down 1.6% from the prior year or down approximately 1%, excluding Auto Todo, which we divested in March of 2019. Our operating profit of $142 million was down 21%, with operating margin of 5.5% compared to 6.8% reported margin in the first quarter of 2019. The decline in margin primarily reflects the COVID-19 headwinds in our U.S., Canadian and European businesses. This was partially offset by the improved operating margin in Australasia, which delivered another solid quarter. As we move forward, we expect to see additional pressure on sales and profitability in the near term related to COVID-19 and the expected decline in miles driven. Our Industrial sales were $1.5 billion in the quarter, a 7.7% decrease from Q1 of last year or up approximately 5%, excluding the EIS divestiture. Operating profit of $114 million was down 6% from a year ago or up 5% excluding EIS. And the operating margin improved to 7.5% from the 7.4% reported last year with the increase in the margin expansion due to our core North American industrial business and the favorable impact of divestitures. For Business Products, our revenues were $468 million, down 2.3% from 2019 or up approximately 1.5%, excluding SPR Canada and GCN. Our operating profit of $20.2 million and operating margin declined slightly to 4.3% from the 4.4% reported for the first quarter last year. These results correlate to the decline in traditional office segment, offset by strong sales in the jan/san and safety category. To complete the review of our segments, we wanted to share our April daily sales results, which reflect the continued impact of COVID-19 on the overall economic environment. For the month, our total daily sales were down an estimated 25%, including approximate declines of 30% in the automotive segment, 10% in the Industrial segment and 20% in the Business Products segment. While we expect these levels of declines and the second quarter in general to represent a low point for demand across our businesses, we cannot reasonably forecast the full impact of COVID-19 in the coming months. As a result, we’re planning accordingly. And as Paul discussed earlier, we’ll continue to implement substantial cost-saving initiatives to sustain our operations through the current business conditions. In addition, we’ve modified our near-term plans for capital allocation and implemented initiatives to more effectively manage our working capital to further preserve our cash. So now turning to the balance sheet. Our accounts receivable of $2.7 billion is down 1% from the prior year and compares to our 3.7% total sales decrease for the quarter. We remain pleased with the quality of our receivables, and we continue to closely monitor our collection trends in light of the current business conditions. Our inventory at March 31 was $3.7 billion, flat from March of last year due to effective inventory management and reduced purchasing volumes. Our accounts payable of $4.1 billion is flat from last year, which correlates to the change in inventory and the lower purchasing volumes for the quarter. At March 31, our AP to inventory ratio was 110%, and which is consistent with last year and improved from 107% at December 31. Total debt of $3.6 billion is up 6% from $3.4 billion in 2019, and we are in compliance with our debt covenants as of March 31. In addition, we closed the first quarter with $1.1 billion in total available liquidity, and we continue to operate with $1.1 billion in available liquidity today. Additionally, we are pleased to report that we have amended our debt agreements to expand our debt covenants to a maximum debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.0 times, and our scenario planning supports the continued compliance with our covenants as we move forward through the year and enter 2021. We also continue to work with our banking and other global partners for additional credit capacity and other forms of financing, including the utilization of asset-based lending and other measures. We expect to continue to work further on liquidity option in the quarters ahead, and we’re confident that we have ample liquidity to withstand the uncertainty associated with COVID-19. In the first quarter, we generated $72 million in cash from operations, a 20% increase from 2019. Our history of strong cash flows, which, of course, includes the Great Recession, continues to support our priorities for the use of cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. In the 3 year period of 2017 through 2019, we deployed $4.3 billion in capital across four key areas, including the reinvestment in our businesses via capital expenditures, M&A growth, net of divestitures, share repurchases and the dividend. And while we remain committed to these priorities over the long term, we have modified our current thinking in these areas to preserve cash as appropriate through the current business conditions. For example, we have reduced our forecast for capital expenditures to $150 million to $200 million in 2020, which is down from our previously announced plan for $300 million in spend. In addition, we have temporarily suspended any plans for acquisition and share repurchases. Combined, we believe these near-term changes in capital allocation will serve to enhance the company’s cash position as we move through this downturn. Our current steps to conserve cash through cost savings, working capital initiatives and capital allocation reductions gives us confidence to continue to support the dividend, which we have increased for 64 consecutive years. Our current annual dividend of $3.16, represents a 4% increase from 2019 and is approximately 56% of our 2019 adjusted earnings, which is within our targeted payout ratio. Recently, our Board of Directors approved the quarterly dividend payable July 1, and we remain committed to our dividend policy going forward. In these difficult times, it’s especially important to thank our colleagues for their tremendous commitment to their jobs and to GPC. Our treasury, finance, IT and HR teams have all been working tirelessly to help navigate us through these uncertainties presented by COVID-19. So we’d like to extend a big thank you to all of these teams, and we appreciate all their efforts. So that concludes our financial update for the first quarter of 2020, and I will now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We entered April well underway in our preparedness plans to protect our employees, customers and communities while also continuing to serve our customers and creating value for all of our stakeholders. Throughout the month, we were focused on the controlled execution of these plans and would highlight several key points. To date, we have been fortunate to have very few known COVID-19 cases among our 55,000 employees. A testament to the enhanced safety protocols we have implemented in our distribution centers, branches, stores and offices. Our operations are essential to our customers and remain substantially open across business segments and geographies. Our teams have been diligent and more frequent in their communications with employees and our supplier and customer partners. Our teams have been innovative in implementing new services that have proven valuable in driving sales. We have effectively realigned our capital allocation priority by reducing our capital expenditures and suspending share repurchases and M&A, while remaining committed to the dividend. And we have worked with our banks and other financial partners for additional forms of financing and amended debt covenants to provide ample liquidity through the crisis. Working together as one team, we believe the steps we are taking to stabilize our business in these unprecedented times, will position the company for strong sales and earnings growth as we exit this global pandemic. We acknowledge the unprecedented near-term challenges that we must navigate and corresponding hard work in front of us. With that said, we remain optimistic about the future as we’ve had significant learnings from the current business conditions. And the industry fundamentals across our automotive and industrial operations are strong and supportive of sustained long-term growth. The circumstances of COVID-19 have required us to assess and build on our existing capabilities. And in addition to our immediate crisis response actions, each business team has developed strategic recovery plans, that detail strategic investment and productivity priorities that we believe will accelerate our momentum following the crisis. We have also accelerated the urgency and traction of various transformation initiatives that were in process while identifying others as well. This has led us to consider actions to further optimize our portfolio, such as exiting underperforming operations and improve our operational profitability, such as with our cost savings initiatives. Additionally, we discovered new and better ways of serving our customers and managing our business. Refined approaches to order fulfillment and logistics, field and functional staffing models, digital sales and marketing programs are just a few examples. The time to market of these efforts has been dramatically reduced as well. Change is difficult for any organization, but the crisis has shown our teams, we can move with discipline and urgency to make a positive difference. So in closing, while we are focused on what we can control, we do believe the long-term industry fundamentals remain favorable across our business segments. Importantly, each of our businesses compete in very large and fragmented markets. In automotive, low fuel prices, the dramatic reduction in new vehicle production, shift in travel preferences, shift in personal versus public transportation behavior, potential deferrals of new car purchases and expectations for miles driven to ultimately recover and grow over the long term are all positive tailwinds for the industry. In Industrial, our broad and diverse customer base, change in philosophies on global manufacturing and the growing demand for plant automation solutions all remain positive long-term trends. Through prior downturns, we have generated significant cash flows despite difficult sales environment, and our end markets and business model have proven resilient. The strength of our operating model and cash flow profile over the years support our consistent track record of increasing the dividend for 64 consecutive years. Moving forward, we will remain focused on taking care of our people, our customers and our communities. We will also combine urgent immediate action with activities that will position us for the future. We are incredibly proud of the hard work of our global teams. So thank you for listening. And with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Liz Suzuki with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you. So for the auto business, in the countries where you operate, that have started to see a slowdown of new cases of COVID-19 and have started to open back up maybe a few weeks ahead of where we are in the U.S., has there been a significant rebound in auto part sales or is it pretty gradual?
Paul Donahue: Liz, great question. We had a couple hour conference call with our European leadership team yesterday. And our markets where we have seen openings, i.e., in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, we are definitely seeing a resurgence in our sales top line. Those markets, they fared better than certainly our market in France and the U.K. France has been in lockdown for the longest period of time out of our markets, the U.K. locked down in late March. So those two have been dramatically impacted. We’ll see France. What we hope, France will begin gradual reopening on May 11. We think U.K. will probably be later in May. But directly to your question, Liz, we are seeing an uptick, a nice uptick in sales in both Germany and the Netherlands.
Liz Suzuki: And do you think there could be a shift in consumer behavior? And maybe it’s already happening in those countries that are recovering, where commuting and vacation travel starts shifting more to the automobile as opposed to public transportation or air travel?
Paul Donahue: Well, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Liz, look, it’s anybody’s guess at this point. But we would certainly expect in the near-term that we will see folks gravitating to more driving, more utilization of their automobile versus jumping back on airplanes. So I would think we’ll see that in all our markets, AsiaPac, Europe as well as across North America.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome. Thank you, Liz.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Jordan: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Paul Donahue: Morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Questions around the balance sheet, I guess, given the AP to inventory at 110 and likely higher leverage ratios just on the near-term lower EBIT. Is that something that you have to be concerned about the payables programs being at such high levels, given a higher leverage ratio with those lenders?
Carol Yancey: Yeah, Bret, when we think about our working capital, we are still quite comfortable with where we are with our supply chain financing, our accounts payable programs and all of our programs with our suppliers. Quite honestly, as Paul mentioned, we’ve had just a terrific working relationship with our procurement teams and our suppliers. And we’re still making further progress on extended terms globally across our businesses, even in these times. When we think about our leverage and the metrics that you mentioned, we’re comfortable with other levers we’re pulling. So we mentioned some of the things we’re doing in capital allocation, be it CapEx or be it our M&A or share repurchase, all levers we can pull quite easily. We also have some other working capital metrics we’re looking at and making progress on. So in the area of inventory management, and then keeping just a tight eye on AR. So no, we’re very comfortable with where we are, and we expect to hold on to that ratio as we move ahead and to still get working capital improvement.
Bret Jordan: And I guess, you mentioned participating maybe some asset-based lending is - what are your plans around the balance sheet as far as for the liquidity?
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So no, great question. As we did our modeling and worked with our banking and financial partners and did increase our covenant through the end of this year. And we’re quite comfortable that we’ll remain in compliance with that covenant without these other options. Again, with the capital allocation levers we pulled and some of our working capital improvement, we believe we’ll be in compliance without doing other asset-based lending. But having said that, our treasury teams work continuously looking at many different options and whether it’s an AR securitization or some real estate structure type transaction or quite honestly, we’re also pursuing some international loans that are being made available in some of the geographies we have in Europe that’s attractive financing. So we honestly believe we can be in compliance without doing those things, but we’re being prudent to continue to model and look at what may make sense as we move ahead during what will be probably the toughest quarter from a balance sheet standpoint in Q2.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then one macro auto question. You said that none of the NAPA U.S. independents had closed their doors. Do you see this event sort of driving some contraction in the total number of doors, whether it be other independent buying group members? But do you see this sort of being shocking enough that we’re going to shrink the total number of stores in the auto parts space?
Paul Donahue: Well, Bret, it certainly is possible. We - I don’t know that the automotive aftermarket is going to be that significantly different from other small businesses that have been impacted. I will tell you that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our - many of our independent owners have already taken part in the PPP and are financially strong as well as many of our NAPA AutoCare centers, as well, have taken advantage. So we think that, if anything, Bret, there perhaps may be some acquisition opportunities down the road for a company like ours with as strong a balance sheet as we continue to maintain.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Thank you, Bret.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gustavo Gonzalez: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Gustavo Gonzalez on for Scot. Thanks for taking our questions. So your comments suggest that kind of trend deteriorated further in April versus March. And I know it’s a limited data set, but the cadence in April stayed sort of relatively flat in all segments? Or did it improve or get worse from there sort of as the month progressed?
Paul Donahue: Okay. So I’ll take a shot at that. What we saw in the month of April is sequential improvement throughout the month that has now carried over into May. So really, what we saw here in the U.S. is as states reopened, we saw our business ramp back up. We expect to see the same in Europe, as I mentioned earlier, as we’ve already seen in Germany and the Netherlands. We certainly expect that in Asia Pac as well. And as France comes back online, the U.K., we fully expect to see our business ramp back up. In Asia Pacific, we - New Zealand was in a total lockdown mode. That country is now reopening, and we’ve seen a resurgence in business, both in automotive and Industrial.
Gustavo Gonzalez: Got it. That’s helpful. And then one more for me. So the declines in auto, the cadence has seen your end, your own stores and kind of what you’re seeing with your wholesale sales to your independents. How different is that? Is there any delta you guys are seeing there? And then I know you guys said no closures on the impendent front currently, but how solvent with the current sales volumes do you think they can kind of last 20%, 30% down in sales?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. So let me take the first question first. So between our company stores and our independent-owned stores, the numbers and trends were very similar, so not a big discrepancy between those two. What I would say and I’ll repeat what I said earlier, I believe the number that I’ve seen most recently is 60% of our independent owners have successfully applied for PPP funds. So to this point, our independent owners are in good shape. I believe over 90% have applied. And as you know, it’s the banking system. Some of the applications have moved a bit slower, but we do believe that the program that the Fed has put out will benefit. And as it’s designed to, should benefit small independent-owned businesses, like our good NAPA independent-owned stores as well as our NAPA AutoCare centers. So we think in the long haul, our group will be just fine.
Gustavo Gonzalez: Got it. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bellinger with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Bellinger: Great. Thank you. And I hope everyone is staying safe. Just following up on the U.S. auto business and the sequential improvement, you mentioned week to week. How are you thinking about the stimulus checks and the flow to consumers? How big of a factor was that to help the improvement? And can you talk about any regional differences that have stood out lately or a certain subset of stores that are performing better or worse than the overall automotive average?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, David. Welcome. We’re happy to have you on our account. I’ll tackle the second question first in terms of regional differences, probably no surprise where we have seen the most pressure from a regional standpoint is in the Northeast. So our good owners and company stores in and around New York, Boston, have really been challenged, again, should not be a surprise. The Mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. was pressured as well. On the flip side, our business has maintained relatively well in the Midwest as well as the Mountain area, which - those two regions of the country also had good fourth quarters as well. So we appreciate the great job our leadership teams are doing in both those markets. In terms of the stimulus checks, we would think that it can only be a positive. It’s hard to track, David, exactly to pinpoint if we’ve seen a lift week to week as a result of stimulus checks, but we have to believe that’s a positive. I would also mention that - and as I did in my prepared remarks, we have seen a big uptick in our online and digital business, all across the GPC businesses. So again, the stimulus checks can only benefit our business in the long haul.
David Bellinger: Got it. That’s very helpful. Then just following up on the strong online sales you just mentioned to the DIY customers. Can you elaborate on what you’re seeing there? Maybe give us a sense of magnitude of how much that channel has picked up. And could this become a more substantial piece of the business going forward?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, great question. And look, we’ve been investing in our online efforts both here in the U.S. as well as Australia. You might remember, David, I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, we did an acquisition in Australia last year of the leading online purveyor of auto parts, a company called Sparesbox, very timely acquisition for us. They brought a tremendous level of expertise and knowledge around all things digital, but also great automotive knowledge as well. So our business in Australia is up three times here over the last couple of months. Our business in the U.S. is up two times. Now granted, it is a fairly small base that we’re coming off of. But we’re thrilled with what we’re seeing, and we’ll continue to invest in our digital efforts across all of our businesses.
David Bellinger: Got it. Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Melich: Thanks. I had a question for Carol and then Paul. Carol, could you help us understand the - what you think the variable margin is the business now? Is it - can we still use something like 25% or 30%, as things come under pressure? And is that still a good number? Or does that come back out? And then, Paul, I guess, really thinking about those trends you talked about, how much stronger was DIY than do it for me? Was it possible that it’s actually up in April? And also in Industrial, if you could answer what the trends have been there since the second half of March and now into May, if it’s accelerating or still decelerating?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, okay. I’ll let Carol tackle the first question.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So Greg, you’re still correct on the 25% to 30% on the variable, and that is still a correct assumption. And when you mentioned, just a comment on the Industrial, as we mentioned, what April sales were for the Industrial business. So we - as Paul mentioned, each one of our businesses were better second half of April than they were first half of April, and that applies to the Industrial business as well. So the number that we gave for April would be Motion and Inenco together, Motion being a bit more down than what we gave you on the total reported number for April. But know that markedly different between the second half of April and the first half of April. And as Paul mentioned, that sort of continues into May. We had a good report from our industrial business as they’ve seen plants start to reopening, and they’ve seen this gradual economic reopening across the states and across a lot of these plants. And again, we saw that in our late April results for the industrial business.
Paul Donahue: And Greg, related to your DIY versus DIFM, as mentioned. DIFM, for us, outpaced DIY in the first quarter. We did see that flip in April, as I’m sure most did as states locked down. That said, I would tell you that our DIY business was still slightly down in April, although it did outpace DIFM.
Greg Melich: That’s great. Thanks and good luck, guys.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Horvers: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Carol Yancey: Morning.
Chris Horvers: So a question on the - one follow-up question on regionality. How did the South perform like Florida, Texas? Those areas were less impacted, it seems, by the virus. So how did that perform in U.S. NAPA? And then my follow-up is you have the $100 million cost program. How much of that flowed through in the first quarter? And any comments on how that sort of might rollout and benefit the business over the rest of the year. And with the new cost-out program, can you put some numbers around that in terms of how substantial that could be?
Paul Donahue: Okay. I’ll tackle the regionality question, Chris, and I’ll let Carol address the cost downs. Across the southern half of the U.S., our business was about in line with our overall business, certainly better than what we experienced in the Northeast, but not as good as what we saw in parts of the Midwest and the Mountain. So kind of in the middle of the pack. I think that’s partially, Chris, it’s probably fairly unique to our business. We have a large segment of business that’s down in the islands and the Caribbean. Those stores are big volume stores, those stores all locked down early in the pandemic, and that’s certainly swung, I think, a bit of the trend for us in the southern part of the U.S., but middle of the pack. And then I’ll let Carol tackle some of the cost reduction question.
Carol Yancey: Yeah, Chris, great question. We are on track. The $100 million of cost savings, that was largely related to as we talked about a voluntary retirement plan that was put in place at the end of last year, and we actually have tracked that. We know that a lot of those actions on and those reductions were coming out after Q1. And so we are on track with the $100 million cost savings. The accelerated actions that Paul talked about, and that’s across all of our global businesses, it’s 50 to 60 actions, and we listed out quite a few of those for you. We’re not going to get into quantifying what they are, but know that, that is on top of the $100 million, and you’re talking about some significant numbers as we look ahead that will help us as we get into what will be the toughest quarter. One favorable thing that we saw, and we called it out in our prepared remarks, for the first time in many quarters, our payroll was actually down in Q1, down slightly, excluding the impact of our acquisitions and divestitures. That’s directly related to the $100 million of cost savings, the VRP actions that we took. And we - again, we haven’t seen that in some time. We had reductions in legal and professional for, again, the first time in Q1. The other categories, big categories for us, such as freight and delivery and rent and facilities and IT and insurance. While those categories were up, they were not up as much as they were in the prior year. And so again, we had some improving trends in SG&A, but we had such a significant deleverage in the last part of March. That’s why we’ve taken the steps with the accelerated actions.
Chris Horvers: Thanks, understood. And then as a follow-up, you talked about DIY was still slightly down in the U.S. in April, and that trends improved throughout the month. It seems like these stimulus checks really picked up the DIY side of the business. So did DIY flip to the positive as we progressed into the end of April? And did you see any improvement on the commercial side over the month as well?
Paul Donahue: Well, as we said earlier, Chris, we saw our business trend up the entire month. So week to week to week. And including now into the first week in May, we’ve seen our business improve. That said, our DIY business, I think your specific question, did it trend positive? It did not because we still had a significant decline in our footsteps into our stores, which, I guess, should not be surprised given how many cities and states were in total lockdown. There weren’t a lot of folks out of shopping, unfortunately. Hence, the nice lift we saw in our digital and online business.
Chris Horvers: Got it. Thanks very much and best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Chris.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question. Seth, is your line muted?
Paul Donahue: Okay. I guess we lost that.
Operator: Yes. Our final question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Imbro: Hey. Good morning, guys. And thanks for squeezing me in here late.
Carol Yancey: Morning.
Daniel Imbro: Paul, apologies if I missed this, but maybe just to clarify. Where did total organic growth shake out to for Europe? I don’t - I didn’t see a total number. I know you mentioned the geographies. But do you have that on hand?
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So the organic growth for Q1 was down high single digits. And we had some acquisitions that were in there that related to the reported number being up 10%. And obviously, currency was a big impact in the quarter as well at a down 3%. So high single-digit down comps for March.
Paul Donahue: And Daniel, we should mention, and you all know this, but certainly, Europe was hit much earlier with the pandemic than certainly North America. If there’s any good news to report, as we spoke to our teams yesterday, we do believe the worst in Europe is now behind us. We have peaked out. And again, we are now making plans to reopen in France and the U.K. We’ve already reopened and are doing well in Germany and the Netherlands. So the good news is the worst is behind us. The peak, we’ve crossed the peak, and we have better days in front of us in Europe.
Daniel Imbro: That’s great. And yes, hopefully, we’ll play out here, too. And then just a follow-up. So really helpful color earlier on the independents and the health of those. But if I recall, one of your plans this year for comp drivers was kind of rolling out the remodel programs across the independent chain. And the capital for that, I think, is fronted by the independent. So any update or color you can share on the pace of what we should expect for that initiative? How the independents are maybe pushing back on that? Any kind of update on how we stand on the remodel program?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. And Daniel, it’s a good question. And look, that initiative is still high on our priority list. I would tell you with what we’re faced with and what our independent owners are faced with right now. We have put that essentially on hold. There are a few projects going here and there. But the large-scale rollout we have essentially put on hold, but it’s temporary. And my hope will be that we see that ramp back up in the second half of the year.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thanks so much, guys. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Okay. Thanks, Daniel.
Operator: We do have Seth back on the line. Well, Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Nathan Friedman: Yeah, hi. This is Nathan Friedman on for Seth. Apologies for that earlier. First question is on - regarding your April sales trends. You noted that they were down 30%. Is there any sort of differences between U.S. and Europe versus the rest - versus the chain? Any color there would be appreciated.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. The 30% for the automotive, it ranges from a low of 20% to a high of 40%, 20% being Australia, Europe being more in the 40%. Canada being a little bit - Canada is similar to the 30%, U.S. being around 25%. Now that’s the blended month. So in all of our geographies, as we’ve mentioned previously, if the blended number is 30%, that is down something greater than 30%, the first two weeks and down something less than 30%, the second two weeks.
Nathan Friedman: Got it. That’s very helpful. Helpful color. And then my second question is just on the auto operating margins. Can you speak to any sort of year-over-year differences or the rate of declines in the U.S. and Europe versus I guess, the positive change that you reported in Australasia?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So our Australasian business in Q1, they actually had favorable comps in the quarter, and they had slight margin improvement at about 20 bps. We mentioned that was the positive bright spot. They operated really well. As we mentioned previously, North American and our Europe business, with the decline in their core sales, primarily in late March related to COVID-19, about half of the automotive margin decline is Europe and about half is North America auto, and that would all be SG&A leverage. And really, again, related to the $140 million or so of sales decline related to COVID-19. Having said that, they held their gross profit dollars. Their dollars were down proportionately, but they held the gross margin and actually had slight improvement. So all a loss of leverage related to the declines in Europe and North America.
Nathan Friedman: Great. Appreciate the color and best of luck going forward.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your participation in today’s earnings call. We appreciate your support of Genuine Parts Company. And we look forward to updating you in the future. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter and full year 2019 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2020. I’m here with Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today’s discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today’s call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings, including this morning’s press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 conference call. We thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. I'll make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights across our business units. Carol will provide an update on our financial results and our outlook for 2020. After that, we will open the call up your questions. Our financial results in 2019 reflect the positive impact of our strategic growth initiative and continued focus on improving our operating performance, maintaining a strong balance sheet, driving meaningful cash flows, and effective capital allocation. Our strategic growth initiatives drove the third consecutive year of record sales for Genuine Parts Company with positive comp sales and the benefit of several key acquisitions across our automotive and industrial platform. Additionally, to further optimize our portfolio, we streamlined our operations with the sale of several non-core businesses, including Auto Todo in Mexico, EIS, and GCN and Canadian operations of our Business Product Group. In 2019, we also accelerated our initiatives to improve our operating performance. Our team executed well and we were successful in increasing our gross margin rate for the fourth consecutive year. Additionally, in accordance with our cost savings initiatives announced last October, we took action to streamline field management layers, restructured field support operations, and consolidate facilities across the organization. We also continue to assess all areas of the business to identify and act on additional opportunities that increase efficiency and productivity as well as reducing cost. As announced on November 18th, Will Stengel join the company as EVP and Chief Transformation Officer. In his first 90 days, Will has attracted talent and created a disciplined approach to help drive improved performance in partnership with the global operating teams. Our efforts thus far primarily reflect the savings associated with company's voluntary retirement program, which we will begin to realize this quarter. As a result of these initiatives, there were a number of one-time items recorded in the fourth quarter, which Carol will touch on shortly. We fully expect these steps to best position the company for improved profitability and we remain confident in our ability to achieve our targeted $100 million cost savings run rate by the end of 2020. Now, turning to the result. Fourth quarter sales of $4.7 billion were up 2.2%, or nearly 7%, excluding the impact of our divestitures highlighted by approximately 3% comp sales growth and our automotive segment. The strongest growth in automotive came from our U.S. and Australasian businesses, and these two groups also posted solid operating results. In addition, we produced further gross margin improvement for the quarter, and the industrial segment reporting continued operating margin expansion. In review of our business segment highlight, global automotive sales, which represented 59% of our total fourth quarter revenues were up 8.7% from last year, and improved from 5.3% growth in Q3. Comp sales were up 2.9%, which was a sequential acceleration from the plus 1.8% in Q3 and acquisitions, net of the Auto Todo divestiture another adjustment, added another 7.2% to sales. In our North American operations, U.S. automotive sales were up 5.2% in the fourth quarter with comp sales up 3.3% and solid growth and operating profit. This has improved from our 2.5% comp sales increase in the third quarter, and it's on top of the 3.3% growth in the fourth quarter of 2018. In Canada, our automotive sales were up low single digits with flat comp sales. Canada remains a large and strategic market for us, and we expect to deliver positive sales growth and market share expansion in 2020, driven by key commercial programs such as NAPA Autopro and NAPA AutoCare. We are also confident in the ongoing strength of the North American automotive aftermarket. We expect improving car park dynamics, such as the increase in the number of vehicles in the aftermarket sweet spot, an aging fleet and reasonable gas prices to further support continued industry growth. In the U.S., we produced another quarter of positive sales growth with both our commercial and retail customers. Likewise, sales to the commercial segment, which is nearly 80% of our total automotive sales, both in the U.S. and globally, outpaced our retail sales growth in the fourth quarter, as well as for the full year. Sales to our NAPA AutoCare Center and major account customer segments continue to drive our commercial sales growth. NAPA AutoCare is an industry leading commercial program, representing approximately 18,000 independent repair shops in the U.S., as well as another 2,000 and Canada. The major accounts group consists of national and retail customers, including fleet and government accounts, national tire centers, regional tire and repair chains, and OE dealers through our joint business planning, but these major accounts as well as expansive inventories, advanced technological offerings and best-in-class service capabilities, NAPA is well-positioned to serve these large and growing customer groups. And this holds true across all of our automotive operations. Similar to our strategy in North America, we serve the European and Australasia and commercial markets with effective banner program for the independent installer base and comprehensive products and services required by major account customers. Globally, our capabilities and selling to these customer segments distinguish our automotive businesses from our competition and provide us with additional growth opportunities in the years ahead. In our retail segment, we continue to benefit from initiatives such as NAPA rewards program, now 12 million strong and growing every month. And our retail impact store project, which we are rolling out across our independently owned store based. Today, our company-owned stores and approximately 200 of our independent stores have been updated for this initiative. And we have plans for another 300 plus remodeled stores in 2020. In addition, our retail sales reflect the favorable impact of our promotional activity in the quarter, which offset some of the early headwinds we began to see in December, related to the mild winter weather. In Europe, we were pleased to experience improving market trend and report our second consecutive quarter of sequential progress and our comp sales performance. Overall, our sales comps were flat in the fourth quarter, which is significantly improved from the mid to high single-digit declines in Q2 and Q3. While economic growth in the U.K. was relatively unchanged with the previous quarter, we were encouraged by stabilizing industry activity associated with higher confidence in a Brexit agreement. As a result, comp sales were much improved from the third quarter. In addition, our battery sales in the U.K. outperformed in the fourth quarter. And we continue to gain traction with the rollout of the NAPA brand and categories such as batteries, rotating electrical, shocks and timing belt. We anticipate the continued growth of private label in this region will enhance our brand positioning and sales penetration with all of our customers. In France, comp sales growth was basically flat with the prior year, and in line with the previous quarter, which had shown considerable improvement from the second quarter. The acquisition of the Todd group, effective 10-01-2019 also positively contributed to our total growth in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, Todd is expected at 85 million in annual revenues and positions AAG as the market leader in the heavy duty segment across the French market. Rounding out our European operations, we reported positive sales comps in Germany, and our June acquisition of Parts points in the Netherlands, performed a plan. We enter 2020, excited for additional growth opportunities in both Germany and the Benelux region of Europe. Looking forward, we expect improving conditions for top line growth in Europe to positively impact our comp sales, as well as leveraging our expense base. And as discussed throughout 2019, our team continues to execute on a variety of initiatives to generate additional expense savings. With these things in mind, we expect to improve Europe's profitability and operating margin in 2020 and beyond. In Australia and New Zealand, we posted another quarter of mid single digit comp growth, with solid operating profit. And we had point out that our performance in this region was fairly consistent throughout 2019. Our finish to the year was especially encouraging, given the trend of more challenging economic conditions over the last half of 2019. In addition, the people of Australia have experienced one of the most devastating and widespread bushfires on record across the region. We are proud of our team for their continued focus on safety and excellent customer service despite these incredibly difficult circumstances. In response to this crisis, the company was pleased to contribute to the Australian Red Cross, which has been instrumental in serving and protecting the many individuals and families in the communities we serve. So that’s a recap of the global automotive group and our fourth quarter performance. With these results, and the many growth prospects we see for this segment across our operations, we are well positioned to produce additional sales growth and operating improvement in 2020. Turning now to our global industrial parts group, which represented 31% of our total revenues. Fourth quarter sales were $1.5 billion. Excluding EIS sales were up approximately 7% with the benefit of Inenco and Australasia and other industrial acquisitions, partially offset by a 1.2% comp sales decrease at Motion. Inenco, which we acquired in July, operated well and in line with our expectations for the quarter, as well as the first six months. The growing pressure on our North American sales reflects the slowing trend in the industrial economy that persisted throughout the quarter and the second half of the year. For perspective, three of our 14 product categories posted positive year-over-year sales in the fourth quarter. This was down from 8 of 14 and the third quarter, while sales by industry sector held steady with Q3, with seven of 12 industry showing improvement. These results align with our downward trend for indicators such as manufacture and industrial production and the Purchasing Managers Index. Although, the January PMI improved over 50 for the first time in five months. We remain optimistic that the industrial economy will further strengthen over the course of 2020, primarily in the second half of the year. In summary, the industrial group produced a solid quarter and performed well all year, with operating margin improvement in each quarter, despite slower sales comps in the second half of the year. We entered 2020 with strategic plans to capitalize on our market presence in both North America, and Australasia and improve our operating results. Now, a few comments to update you on our business products group, which accounted for 9% of total revenues. For the fourth quarter, this segment reported sales of 428 million, down 6.3% with the decrease primarily due to the continued softening demand for traditional office supplies and technology categories, competitive dynamics and lower volume with our national accounts group. On a positive note, we delivered another quarter of increased sales for facilities and safety supplies. And this category has grown to represent 35% of total sales for this business segment. While the growth in FBS is encouraging and represents an important element of our growth strategies for the Business Product Group. We will continue to evaluate our future plans for this business, as we move forward in 2020. With that in mind, we recently streamline this business segment with the sale of GCN, a small non-core operation in late 2019 and the sale of our Business Product Operations in Canada on January 1st of this year. So, that's a recap of our consolidated and business segment results for the fourth quarter of 2019. Before turning over to Carol, I'd like to make a few comments on the potential impact of the coronavirus outbreak in China. While this situation is very fluid, we thought it would be helpful to provide a few more details on our level of exposure to this -- to the impacted region. From a topline perspective, we're not considering any sales weakness related to the outbreak as we do not have any sales exposure in China. We do however have exposure to affected areas throughout our supply chain including direct and indirect sourcing from China from North American Automotive, Australasia, and Business Products with only minimal impact in Industrial and European Automotive. And while we are in good standing today and do not foresee any material product shortages based on the current situation, we are very aware of the potential for a worsening scenario and we remain in constant contact with our suppliers across the globe to plan for any disruption in supply should the virus continue beyond the near-term. So, with that, I'll hand it over to Carol.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We'll begin with a review of our key financial information and then we will provide our full year outlook for 2020. Total GPC sales of $4.7 billion in the fourth quarter were up 2.2% from 2018 or up approximately 7% excluding the impact of divestitures. These results drove the continued improvement in gross margin up 20 basis points to 33.7% from 33.5% in 2018. For the full year, sales of $19.4 billion increased 3.5% and our gross profit improved 55 basis points to 32.57 from 39.14 in the prior year. The improvement in gross margin for the fourth quarter and full year reflect a variety of factors including the benefit of enhanced pricing strategies and favorable product mix, as well as the favorable impact from acquisitions and divestitures. With the continued efforts in our gross margin initiatives, we expect our 2020 gross margin rate to remain relatively in line with our full year rate for 2019. This sustains reasonable inflation of now more than 1% 2% and consistent levels of volume incentives. In 2019, Automotive and Business Product inflation primarily reflects the impact of tariffs. And while tariffs were not affected for Industrial, this segment experienced approximately 2% price inflation. Throughout 2019, we were successful in passing on the price increases to our customers to protect our gross margin. So, we continue to believe the current of levels of inflation has been a net positive to our results. Specific to tariffs, their impact in the fourth quarter primarily reflects a 25% tariffs on less 133 items although Business Products was also impacted by the 15% tariff on List 4 items that was effective September 1st. As expected, tariffs were approximately 2% of sales for both U.S. Automotive and Business Products in Q4 and in the 1% to 1.5% range for the full year. Looking ahead, tariffs would be less significant in 2020 as their effective dates will anniversary throughout the year. Turning to our selling, administrative and other expenses. These expenses were $1.25 billion in the fourth quarter, which was up 3% from last year and 26.6% of sales. The fourth quarter reflects the lowest percent increase in our SG&A in 2019. For the year, these expenses were $4.9 billion, up 7% from last year and 25.4% of sales. So while we were encouraged by the progress and better aligning our fourth quarter expenses to sales and gross profit growth, our SG&A continues to be impacted by rising cost in several areas including payroll, freight and delivery, legal and professional, IT and cybersecurity. In addition, we remain challenged to leverage our expenses on low single-digit sales comps. These cost pressures and the lack of leverage let us to develop our 2019 cost savings plan, which we announced last quarter and Paul covered earlier. Through these initiatives, which are well underway today, we expect to generate meaningful savings as we move forward in 2020 primarily in the areas of personnel and headcount associated with various organizational changes. In accordance with the savings plan, the company recognized $112 million in restructuring cost in the fourth quarter that are accounted for as a component of operating expenses. These restructuring costs reflect severance and other employee cost including a voluntary retirement program, as well as facility and closure costs related to the consolidation of certain operation. The company also recorded $43 million in special termination costs related to that retirement benefits provided to employees that expected this voluntary retirement package. These costs are presented as non-operating expenses. The combination of restructuring and special termination costs reflects the one-time expenses that were record to generate annualized savings of $100 million by the end of 2020. This is a significant return on our investment and we look forward to updating you on the positive impact of these initiatives throughout the year. Separately in the fourth quarter, the company reported an $82 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to our Business Products Group. Several factors that developed in the quarter including greater uncertainty associated with the longer term industry trend, as well as the competitive environment led us to this decision, which effectively eliminates the goodwill for this business segment. Rounding out our operating expenses, our depreciation and amortization expense was $73 million in the fourth quarter and $270 million for the full year. Depreciation was $48 million and $173 million for the quarter and the year, respectively. And we expect this to increase to $180 million to $190 million in 2020, which is due to the increase in capital expenditures related to our ongoing growth plans for reinvesting in the company. Intangible amortization was $25 million for the quarter and $97 million for the full year. We expect intangible amortization to increase to approximately $100 million in 2020. So, on a combined basis, we expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $280 million to $290 million in 2020. So now let's discuss our fourth quarter results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.8 billion, up 8.7% from the prior year and operating profit of $201 million was up 1% with an operating margin of 7.2% compared to 7.7% margin for the fourth quarter of the prior year. The 50 basis point decline reflects the headwinds in our European business and to a lesser extent, the Q4 results in Canada. Our U. S. and Australasian group have solid operating margins for the quarter. As we move forward, we expect a steady sales environment and additional cost savings to support our initiatives for improved operating results in 2020. Industrial sales were $1.5 billion in the quarter, a 6% decrease from Q4 of 2018 or up approximately 7% excluding EIS. Our operating profit of $127 million was down 3% or up 9% excluding EIS. Operating margin improved to 8.6% from 8.3% last year with the 30 basis point increase due to margin expansion in the core industrial business as well as the favorable impact of the EIS divestiture. In Business Products, our revenues were $428 million, down 6.3% from the prior year. Their operating profit was $14 million and the operating margin declined to 3.3%. These results correlates to the decline in core sales for the quarter and further deleveraging of expenses. Total company operating profit in the fourth quarter $342 million and our operating profit margin was 7.3% compared to 7.7% last year. We had net interest expense of $21 million in the fourth quarter and for 2019 net interest was $91 million, which is down slightly from 2018. In 2020, we expect net interest of $86 million to $88 million, reflecting lower interest rate and lower debt levels. The corporate expense line was $36 million in the fourth quarter, down from $41 million in 2018. For the year, this was $138 million, which was flat with the prior year. We expect our corporate expenses to be within the $140 million to $150 million range for 2020. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 26.5%, a slight decrease from the 26.6% rate in the prior year. Excluding one-time restructuring cost, our adjusted rate of 24.2% was improved from the 26.9% in 2018, due primarily to geographical income mix shift. For the year, our effective tax rate was 25.2% or on an adjusted basis 24.5%. And we are planning for our full year tax rate of approximately 24% to 26% for 2020. Our net income in the fourth quarter was $9 million and our EPS was $0.06, while our adjusted net income was $197 million or $1.35 per share. Net income for the full year was $621 million or $4.24 per share and adjusted net income was $833 million or $5.69 per share. So now let's turn to the balance sheet, which remains strong in an excellent condition. We continue to closely manage our accounts receivable, our inventory and our accounts payable to improve our working capital position. We remain pleased with the quality of our receivables and the progress our team is making to enhance our supply chain, which has positively impacted our inventory investment in our gross margin trends. At December 31, our AP to inventory ratio is 107% and our total working capital, represents just 8% of revenues. Our total debt of $3.4 billion at December 31 is unchanged from September 30 and up from the $3.1 billion in 2018. At December 31, our average interest rate on all our outstanding debt is 2.2%, which is improved from the 2.7% at December 31 last year. With a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.34 times, we remain comfortable with our current debt structure and we have a strong balance sheet and the financial capacity to support our future growth initiatives and our ongoing priorities for effective capital allocation. In 2019, we generated another year of solid cash flows with approximately $900 million in cash from operations. We expect another solid year in 2020 and we're currently projecting $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion in cash from operations, with free cash flow after the dividend in the $300 million to $350 million range. Strong cash flows continue to support our ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our key priorities for cash remain reinvestment in this businesses, strategic acquisition, dividend and share repurchases. We invested $298 million in capital expenditures in 2019, which was up from $232 million in 2018. This increase reflects our growing operations and the incremental spend in areas such as technology and other productivity enhancing investments in our facilities. For 2020, we have plans for continued investment in our businesses and we expect total capital expenditures to be in the range of $275 million to $325 million for the full year. Acquisitions remain an important component of our growth strategy. And in 2019 we used approximately $700 million in cash, commercially funded by the proceeds from divestitures, to acquire new businesses and expand our global footprint. In 2020, we expect to make additional strategic bolt-on acquisition in the automotive and industrial segments. Although, these future acquisitions have not been considered in our guidance for the year. Turning to the dividend. Earlier this week our Board approved a $3.16 per share annual dividend for 2020, which marks our 64th consecutive annual increase in the dividend paid to shareholders. This represents a 4% increase from the $3.05 per share paid in 2019 and it's approximately 56% of our 2019 adjusted earnings per share, which is in line with our targeted payout ratio. Finally, as part of our share repurchase program we purchased approximately 800,000 shares of our common stock in 2019 and today we have 15.6 million shares authorized for repurchase. We expect to be active in the program again in 2020 and over the long-term, we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividends serves to maximize the return for shareholders. So, now, let's discuss our outlook for 2020. In arriving at our 2020 full year guidance, we considered our performance in 2019 as well as the recent trends and our current growth plans and strategic initiatives. In addition, we take into account the current market conditions than what we anticipate for the foreseeable future in each of our business segment and the geographies that we operate. With these factors in mind, we expect total sales for 2020 to be in the range to -- of flat to up 1% or plus 3% to plus 4% excluding the impact of the EIS and SPR divestiture. As mentioned earlier, this guidance excludes the benefit of any unannounced future acquisition. By business, we are guiding to plus 4% to plus 5% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, which includes plus 2% to plus 3% comp sales growth. A sales decrease of minus 6% to minus 7% for the Industrial segment or plus 2% to plus 3% excluding the impact of EIS. This reflects a decrease in comp sales of approximately 1.5% to 2%. For the Business Product segment, down 4% to down 5% total sales decline or down 1% to down 2% excluding divestitures. On the earnings side, we currently expect earnings per share to be in the range of $5.80 to $5.90. This represents a 2% to 4% increase over our adjusted earnings per share in 2019 or a 5% to 7% increase excluding the earnings related to the divestiture of EIS. With this guidance, we move forward into 2020 confident that the management teams have the strategic plans and initiatives in place to meet or exceed these targeted results. We are excited by the cost savings potentials we've identified and encouraged that our transformation office is also focused on identifying additional opportunities for us. In addition, we believe that the underlying fundamentals of our broad and growing business platform will continue to provide us with sustained long-term growth opportunities. So, that's our financial report for the fourth quarter and full year of 2019 as well as our outlook for 2020. We were pleased to finish the year with solid results and we look forward to reporting more progress in the coming quarters. I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We're pleased to perform at the high end of our expectations in the fourth quarter and finished the year with solid results. Allow me to recap the few highlights. We achieved another quarter of positive total sales growth, driven by a 3% plus from sales growth in our U.S. Automotive business, which represents our best comp in five years. So, congratulations go out to our U.S. NAPA team. We further improve the gross margin by 20 basis points in the quarter and by more than 60 basis points for the full year, our fourth consecutive year of improved gross margins. We experienced improving market trends in Europe and reported significantly improved sales comps relative to the second and third quarters. Our Industrial business continue to operate well, generating a 30 basis points improvement in operating margins. We streamlined our operations with the successful divestiture of several non-core business segments. We took action on our initiatives to achieve $100 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2020. And effective this week, our Board of Directors approved of 64th conservative increase in the dividend, up 4% from 2019. So, as you can see our team has been busy executing on our growth strategy as well as several initiatives to improve our operating results. Combined, these efforts have served to further optimize our portfolio and we expect to continue our strategic transformation in 2020. GPC enters a new year with strategic plans and initiative to drive sales and profit ability, working capital improvement, and significant value for all of our stakeholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress towards these objectives as we move through the year. So, thank you for listening. And with that, we'll turn back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Horvers: So wanted to start with the comp acceleration in U.S. NAPA, which is impressive in light of what we've seen from your peers with generally seeing deceleration. Can you talk about where you saw that? Maybe break that down between DIY and do-it-for-me? You did mention promotional effectiveness in December around the weather that would seem to me like that's more of a DIY versus commercial benefit. But sure -- wanted to get your thoughts there? And any comment in terms of was there any incremental inflation benefit that you kept in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter?
Paul Donahue: Well. Okay, Chris thanks for the question. I I'll do my best to cover all this point and maybe have Carol weigh in on a bit of an inflation discussion. You know, you mentioned commercial versus retail, our commercial business was solid. Our two big programs, Major Accounts, AutoCare both were inline with our overall commercial sales in the quarter, which was up significantly over 2018. So we're pleased with our commercial business and our retail business was solid as well. You mentioned the promotional activities Chris, so we had set out really to focus on all three of our big sales channels, retail, commercial as well as online. And I think that some of the initiatives that we put into play maybe be offset the impact of some of the mild camps we saw hit the business in December -- October, November still -- the weather was still fairly favorable. December and January, obviously, have done a good bit. Warmer they're taking a bit of a toll on some of our more seasonal categories. But our hard parts business remains solid and we're pleased with the performance of our U.S. automotive business in the quarter.
Carol Yancey: And just a comment on the tariff impact for automotive business in the quarter. It was as expected about 2% related to tariffs. And so the second half being at 2%, first half at 1% gave us a blended 1.5% for 2019. And then just as a reminder as we go into 2020, we'll anniversary some of that. So we're looking for maybe a first half of 1% and a blended half a point for the full year. And that excludes any further inflation.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. I'm not sure of -- again maybe as you think about relative to the third quarter you saw acceleration clearly in both sides of the business really impressive. But did you see more in DIY? Or did you see more in commercial? Any insights there?
Paul Donahue: Certainly I would say our commercial outperformed our retail, Chris even though both were solid. And we continue to rollout our impact store initiatives to now we're – now working closely with our independent owners. But commercial both AutoCare and Major Accounts have performed well. You haven't asked about originality Chris, but I'll touch on it as I'm sure some will ask the – we saw really strong growth up in the north, certainly in the central part of the United States, Midwest. Our Mountain team had a really solid quarter. Where we saw some of the softness was out west, as well as in the Northeast part of the U.S.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then as you think about 2020, you gave guidance for the overall automotive division. How are you thinking about the U.S. NAPA business? And any comments on how the weather is impacted your business quarter-to-date and how it could – how that could sort of way on the year overall?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, Chris, as it relates to the weather just to make a comment that we’ve got a fairly diversified business model and really if you start to break our business apart only about 30% of our total revenues would really be susceptible to U.S. weather patterns. The industrial business, the Business Products Group, Europe, Australia, look we track weather we track weather around the world. I'm looking at floods in the U. K. and mild winter in Europe, record heat in Australia. So we look at whether around the world. And honestly, I tend not to dwell on it that much anymore since there's not a heck of a lot we can do about it. We're six weeks into the New Year, Chris. We'll see some ebbs and flows throughout the year. But I would tell you as we sit right now, we're confident in our full year guidance for automotive.
Carol Yancey: And Chris, we are implying a comp increase for our U.S. business in 2020 of around 2% to 3%, which is very consistent with what we saw for 2019. And that's what we've modeled into our guidance.
Christopher Horvers: Got you. And one last one. I'm not sure if you have this but Carol, do you – can you help us out with, so there's a lot going on with acquisitions and divestitures sizable ones. Can you just help us, as we think about 2020 versus what you just reported for 2019, what's the net impact at the operating profit and operating margin line from the mixture of everything that's going on? I'm not sure, if you have that but clearly I think you got some rate benefit but maybe some profit dollar loss. So help us reconcile that. Thanks so much.
Carol Yancey: Yes. That for 2019, the core business if you will was without the impact of the acquisitions and divestitures was something around at $0.20 is what was factored in there.
Christopher Horvers: $0.20 headwind?
Carol Yancey: You're talking about 2019 Or 2020?
Christopher Horvers: 2020 versus 2019?
Carol Yancey: I'm sorry. I was – for 2020 – and that's – I'm sorry for that. But for 2020, we have implied, we will have operating margin improvement in our automotive and industrial businesses. And we have implied a 20 basis points improvement in our operating margin that largely relates to the cost reductions that we talked about and the work that the transformation office is doing. And that would be what would be in our numbers for 2020 and it would obviously be greater than that going into 2021. So that excludes all the impact from acquisitions and divestitures.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Thanks. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the Liz Suzuki of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you. First, I just wanted to ask about capital allocation priorities in 2020. I know you laid out the four bucket there. But it seems like you're kind of taking down the debt levels a little bit despite very low interest rates. So I was curious, if a large acquisition opportunity came up that would be in the auto or the industrial business, where you might have to lever up a little bit to do it. Do you have a threshold to which you would aim to keep that leverage?
Carol Yancey: Yeah. That's a great question. As you know, we have certainly taken our leverage up and we're definitely comfortable in the 2.5 to 3 times indefinitely for the right acquisition opportunity. That is something that -- when we think about a larger more strategic acquisition opportunity, those are things that you can always control. The timing, there's nothing in the horizon right now. We'll continue with our bolt-ons which are probably in the 1% to 2% range, as we look ahead. So we think the leverage that we have right now comfortable with that we know we have flexibility as we look ahead. And we would again just take into account what we already have coming into our numbers for 2020. We have a carryover impact to this is pretty nice -- on acquisition. So probably more of just the bolt-ons just for 2020.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you. And I'll just take on one more if you wouldn't mind. Did you guys -- I may have missed this and did you talk about transaction growth versus average ticket in the U.S. auto business? And how that's been trending versus the last couple of quarters?
Paul Donahue: No, Liz. I did not cover that. But it's a similar trend as we'd seen over the last few quarters, which is, nice growth in Q4 in our invoice in the size of our invoices. So nice mid-single-digit growth with a slight decrease in the number of invoices per store per day.
Liz Suzuki: Great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Matt McClintock of Raymond James. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt McClintock: Hi. Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Paul Donahue: Good morning.
Matt McClintock: I was wondering, you bought up the impact project and you have now done that in 200 independents. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color or update us on what you saw in those independents in terms of lift, et cetera, in 2019. And then how quickly can you accelerate that, the adoption of new independents, should you decide that this is where from -- were of continued efforts. Thanks.
Paul Donahue: Great question, Matt. This has been a multi-year project for us. We're at -- between the last couple of years we've done over a couple of hundred of our independent stores. And it's a comprehensive upgrade. It's everything from extending store hours; improving the retail storefront, changing out some of the product assortment. Probably one of the most important aspects of the program is adding business development managers in the stores as well. So we're expecting to ramp this project up in 2020. And actually looking for 300-plus stores in 2020, on the independent side. We fully completed and rolled out our company-owned store group and we are seeing some significant increases over our typical run rate when we do the full impact program.
Matt McClintock: Okay. Thanks for that color. And then if I could have one more. Just on coronavirus, understand that for the Industrial business probably limited impact of new supply chain. But I suspect there's probably potential meaningful impact on your customer supply chains and that could lead to less activity. Just wondering I know this is a tough question to ask, but you're probably at a better position to give us color or help us to conceptualize how the impact on your customers' supply chains will actually flow through to your own topline? Any color there at all would be helpful from a derivative standpoint or a secondary standpoint. Thanks.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Matt look it is -- as you know and it is a tough question because it's an incredibly fluid situation. We've been on the phone only with all of our business unit heads talking about not really our own supply chain which I covered in my prepared comments, but also some of our good customers as well. I would tell you it's early. We have not felt any downward pressure on our numbers from our customers at this point, but I would tell you that we are staying incredibly close to it and will continue to monitor the situation.
Matt McClintock: Thanks for that color. I know it's hard, appreciate it.
Paul Donahue: Yes. All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro of Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your questions.
Daniel Imbro: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking our questions.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: Paul would love to hear your update on the European market. I think you noted a growth return of relatively flat year-over-year. Pretty nice sequential proven. Can you talk about what the primary drivers of that will maybe industry versus company specific and kind of how you're thinking about that growth as we head into 2020?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks Daniel. We're quite pleased with the progress we've made with our European business. We had no doubt a tough Q2 and Q3 in Europe. What's interesting as you dive into those numbers, they're different markets. So, Q2, our French team and a challenging quarter; Q3, our U.K team had a challenging quarter. Both rebounded nicely in Q4 to get us to flat overall comp. Germany on the other hand showed growth in Q4, which certainly we were pleased to see. I would tell you that from our perspective, our team in 2018 and in the first half of 2019, they were very focused on integrating this business and doing all the things necessary to bring a privately-held European business under the umbrella of the U.S. publicly-traded company. I would tell you that that focus now has shifted in the second half of 2019 and as you going to 2020 more on growing this business, taking market share, and doing other things that this business has been for the past 30 years. So, despite some remaining complicated economic issues and some of those markets, we are certainly more bullish going into 2020 just because our team is focused on all the right things and focused on driving market share and growing our business.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. And as a follow-up on that. It sounds like looking for more growth over there, that should I would think lead the margin leverage given the weaken sales led to deleverage last year. But Carol I think your answer just said most of the auto expansion should come from cost-cutting. So, how do I reconcile maybe those two statements? And what kind of impacts should be expected Europe to have on the automotive operating margin in 2020?
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So for our automotive business and as Paul mentioned, their comps were down something around 3% for the full year, and in the fourth quarter about 40 bps of the 50 bp decline in our automotive margin was Europe and then other smaller impact was due to the slowdown in Canada in Q4. When you look at the full year, we would say that all of the decrease in the automotive margin was Europe, so stronger margin, obviously, in our U.S. business and Australasia business. So when we look ahead and remember that team started on their cost cutting in Q2 and they have been working very hard. And we actually saw some progress on -- in the second half of the year and we're certainly seeing further improvement that will come in 2020. We're modeling the comps of up 1% to up 2% for Europe in 2020. And with all the cost reductions that they've done and the further changes they made at the end of the year that gives them a flattish margin in 2020 and certainly as we look ahead, we would see that to be improved in 2021 and beyond.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. And then maybe my last follow-up. Carol, just switching to the industrial site. I think you said the outlook calls for 2% or 3% growth, which includes slightly positive comps. One, did I hear that correctly? And two, what do you think the cadence of that growth should look like given -- you noted the recent infection higher in PMI and some of the leading indicators? Thanks.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So the 2% to 3% for the industrial outlook for 2020 and I would tell you, you have to remember to take into account that excludes the EIS amount. So the 2% to 3% implies something of 1.5% to down 2% comp. And I would tell you that that is primarily our Motion, North American business, probably more so in the first half, a little weaker, hopefully a little bit better in the second half. Our Australasian business and Inenco, they have comps of around up 2% in 2020. So we've implied something of a 1.5% to down 2% for 2020. Having said that, again with the cost reductions and the work that the transmission team is doing and the work that that business has done all-in 2019, they will have some operating margin improvement in 2020 despite having comps down 1.5% to 2%. So the team's done a great job in that area as we look ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning guys.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Carol, I might have missed this, but did you talk about how you've done on the payable side on the AAG business?
Carol Yancey: We have not. And it's a great question Bret. We -- while you didn't necessarily see the impact directly in our Q4 working capital. I would tell you with the introduction of the private label and some of the works that our global procurement teams have done, they were able to achieve about $50 million in working capital improvements in 2019, and then we look ahead in 2020, we think we'll have another $50 million. And those are even greater than just Europe because we’re getting some global savings, global working capital savings as well. And then on the other side, we are definitely on track and we will have our $25 million of procurement gross margin synergies by the end of 2020. And we were right on track with that as well. And that does not take into account the implied income statement benefit on these payable terms. So we've implied that in our 2020 working capital guidance to see that $100 million-plus coming into 2020.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then I guess, when you look at Europe, what is the private label mix over there? And I think Paul called out some real strength in the U.K. battery business in the fourth quarter. I think they have had a mild winter. Are you guys doing something differently there on the promotional side or market share shifts that you're seeing?
Paul Donahue: Well, to your first question Bret, the private label market in Europe is minimal. And AAG, our business there, they had a number of different private labels in different product categories. But it was certainly not an impactful part of their overall product mix. We have launched the NAPA brand now and in a few categories in the U. K, we're in the process of rolling that into Germany – I mean, into France and ultimately into the Netherlands. We're quite pleased with the acceptance we’re seeing from our customers and you know, we have a separate battery business in the U.K. Bret that we acquired 12 to 18 months ago, called Platinum. And it is a strong player in the U.K. in the battery business. So it's a part of AAG, but that would account for some of the strength that we’re seeing in and again, they've gotten behind the NAPA logo and the NAPA brand and are doing quite well. So we're pleased. And our goal will be to roll that NAPA brand across Europe.
Bret Jordan: Okay. So the U. K. strength is more your strategy in the U.K. and not the category in the U.K.? 
Paul Donahue: Correct. That would be accurate.
Bret Jordan: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next quarter comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Seth Basham: My question just reverting to the U.S. NAPA business. Can you give a sense of cadence for the comps through the quarter? And how your thinking about that cadence of comps through 2020? That would be helpful.
Paul Donahue: Yes. The cadence for the quarter Seth, if I look at GPC in total automotive, we're pretty steady throughout the quarter with actually November and December, slightly stronger than October. Automotive trended positive, U.S. automotive trended positive really every month with a solid December, probably unlike some of the other reports that we've heard but we did find in December, and again I think part of that goes back to some of the initiatives that our team launched in the quarter. I mean in the month and in the quarter. As I look across 2020, hard to say Seth, we again I mentioned earlier, we're we only six weeks into the year. We're going to see ebbs and flows as we go. But one thing we are encouraged is we're seeing some really cold weather hit the Midwest this week and looks like some big snow up in the Northeast. So that will blow out a lot of the inventory that's sitting in our customers shelves and hopefully propel us into a better spring.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you. And then as a follow-up question. You guys have been doing a great job on gross margins with improvement for the past four years. You talk to a flattish gross margins in 2020. Can you just help us understand why we're likely to see a slowdown in that progress?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I would say that our team has done a great job, especially in the tariff environment and really pleased to see it across the automotive and industrial businesses. A lot of our pricing strategies and a lot of our supply chain initiatives we're doing, we believe there still is some opportunities for that to increase. We're just sort of modeling flattish and maybe a bit of improvement. Now, remember, some of the improvement this year is related to the net improvement from acquisitions and also, honestly, acquisitions and divestitures. So some of it is coming from that, which we would anniversary that next year.
Seth Basham: Understood. Thank you very much and good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Seth. 
Carol Yancey: Thanks.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys. It's Scot Ciccarelli. So a question on kind of the 2020 guidance. I guess, I'm trying to understand your expectations for, let's call it, core margins in auto and industrial versus what's the impact from cost-reduction action? So like, if you were to kind of take a step back, would you expect kind of core auto and industrial to have flat core margins? And the 20 basis point lift for the full year comes from layering in those cost efforts? Or are you expecting some deterioration because of the low top line growth? But it's more than made up for the cost reductions. I think that will help everyone understand kind of the cadence for both 2020 and then how these trends may roll through into 2021? Thanks.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So as we mentioned, when you look at our automotive and industrial business, we are implying operating margin improvement there. That is coming from - the majority of that is coming from improvements in their cost savings. So you would say, without the cost savings it would've been more like flat. I would tell you, what we're really pleased to see is, especially like in the automotive business, for example, with comps of 2% to 3%, we're able to leverage and improve operating margin for the first time in a couple of years. So, again, this cost reduction and the transformation that we're talking about is giving us something better than a flattish margin with some of these low comps. And remember, the industrial businesses got a comp of down 1.5% to down 2%. And yet, they will, as well, have operating margin improvement. What you - and this gets back to the gross margin thing, you're going to see that more in the SG&A line. And that's why we've kind of implied a flattish gross margin with our improvement coming through SG&A.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. That's very helpful. And so, as you kind of think about the amount of cost savings that flow through - that you actually capture in 2020, because it's a run rate by the end of 2020 that gets you to $100 million. You're capturing, what, about half, kind of $40 million to $45 million, would be my estimate?
Carol Yancey: Yes. That's reasonable. The $100 million in saving is about 2% decrease in our SG&A. So we're modeling about half of that in our AG&A, about a 1% decrease. And so, then again, as you look ahead in 2021 we would have the full benefit of that. And the other thing I'd mention, our transformation office and transmission team, they're hard at identifying other opportunities. So we're not just stopping with this first lift, if you will, of the $100 million. They've got a pretty exciting packet with all of our businesses and a team that's working on a lot of new initiatives that we hope to be able to speak about in the quarters ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Yes. All makes sense. Thanks a lot guys.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Scot.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri of Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Just want to follow up on Scott's question for a bit. So that $40 million to $45 million that you're anticipating for 2020, what is like the cadence of that? Seems like you've taken a lot of non-GAAP cost in Q4 which I think would mean the cost of taking out of this point. But wanted to get a sense of cadence of how we see the cost takeouts planning throughout the year?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I mean I guess it would be -- we did -- you're right -- and remember a majority of these first round of the $100 million, the majority of that is headcount because as you know 60%, 65% of our SG&A is headcount. So, with the payroll -- we did recognize those costs in Q4, the payroll start to -- you start to see that into Q1, but you definitely some of the other things will come a little bit later in the year. So, that's why we have some of the initiatives that come maybe in Q2 through Q4. So, it's not exactly divided by four quarters. But again as we've got some facilities, some consolidation amongst branches and operations those would come later in the year.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. And then more of a longer term question, as you have the dependence on making it a necessary store-up on investments to position their businesses to the future. Have you been to kind of rethink your long-term store potential? Do you still expect the majority of your stores will be independently owned versus company-owned or do you foresee the opportunity for some of these conversations to precipitate like higher store ownership of the company?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Interesting question Chris. We -- look we're always evaluating our store models and store mix. Today of our 6,000 stores, roughly 5,000 are independently owned. We've had that mix for a number of years. We do not see any massive shift here in the quarters or even a year or two to come. We've got some great independent owners who are investing in their business, expanding their business. We have owners coming into our model all the time and so at this rate -- at this point in time, Chris, there is no strategy to shift to a 50/50 mix per se of independent and company stores. We're pleased with the progress. We're pleased with some of the new talent that will bring into our independent store group. I would also tell you that it is our intent to expand our company store group and to continue to open new company-owned stores and if you look at our recent history, Chris, we've closed a number of underperforming and non-profitable stores. We think a good bit of that heavy lifting while there is always some of that to be done, a good bit of that is now behind us and it's our intent to grow our company-owned store base from here going forward.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That's really helpful. Thank you for the time.
Paul Donahue: All right. Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back quarter management for any closing marks.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's year end conference call. We appreciate your support and investment in Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting out on our Q1 results. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations for Genuine Parts Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2019 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2019. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now I will turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid. And let me add my welcome to our third quarter 2019 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our third quarter 2019 results. I'll make a few remarks on our overall performance, and then cover the highlights across our businesses. Carol Yancey will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for the full year. After that, we will open the call to your questions. So to recap, our third quarter performance across our global platform. We are pleased to set a quarterly sales record achieving the $5 billion quarterly sales mark for the first time in our company's history. This represents a 6.2% sales increase from Q3 of 2018 and follows a 2.3% total sales increase last quarter with the improvement driven by a 1.2% comp sales increase and a 6.7% benefit from strategic acquisitions. These items were partially offset by a 1.7% headwind from foreign currency translation and the decline in sales related to the Auto Todo divestment earlier in the year. Net income in the third quarter was $227 million and earnings per share were $1.56, excluding the impact of transaction and other cost and income related to acquisitions and divestments, adjusted net income was $219 million or $1.50 per share. This compares to $1.48 reported in the third quarter of last year. Our teams were active this quarter executing our strategy to further optimize our portfolio. This included actions to complete the Inenco industrial acquisition and Australasia, the sale of EIS and the investment in Sparesbox Australia's leading online automotive and accessories business. We made significant progress in several areas, this quarter and we are excited for the growth opportunities we see ahead. We will cover each of these areas as we review our business segments. Our global automotive sales, which represented 56% of our total revenues were up 5.3% from last year and improved from 1.4% in Q2, comparable sales were up 1.8%, which was improved from the 1.3% in Q2 and acquisitions added another 6.5% of sales. This growth was partially offset by an approximately 2% unfavorable foreign currency translation and a 1% impact from the sale of the Auto total business in Mexico. In our North American operations, U.S. automotive sales were up 2.5% on a comp basis and our Canadian Automotive business posted 3.8% sales comps. We remain confident in the ongoing strength of the North American automotive aftermarket and expect these markets to gain positive momentum over the balance of the year and well into 2020. For the second consecutive quarter, we had positive sales growth with both our commercial and retail customers with sales to the DIFM segment performing very well and outpacing our DIY sales. Among our DIFM customer segments, sales to our NAPA AutoCare Center customers continue to outperform our overall commercial sales growth. This customer group represents approximately 18,000 independent repair shops in the U.S. and another 2,000 in Canada. So obviously a very key segment to us. We were also pleased to see stronger growth with our major account customers with sales increases in each of our categories including our fleet and government customers, national tire centers, regional accounts and OE dealers. Now turning to our retail segment, while our team generated a positive revenue increase in the quarter, we have experienced a few headwinds in this segment of our business. We believe this reflects a combination of lapping strong comps associated with our impact store rollout in 2018, a continued slowing of our transaction count, which we have seen across the industry and finally, timing related to major promotional events. Our team has launched a series of initiatives, which we expect to improve this trend in the quarters ahead, while Carol will provide more financial details later, it's worth adding that both our U.S. and Canadian businesses delivered improved profitability and strong margins in the quarter. So a solid quarter for our North American automotive operations and we expect to continue to build on this positive momentum. In Europe, we continue to operate in a challenging sales environment although we are pleased to report an improvement in our core sales performance relative to the second quarter. Overall, our sales comps were down mid-single digits, an improvement from the high single-digit decline in Q2. Across our geographical regions, we saw a significant improvement in our largest market, France, which posted a slight increase in the quarter. Germany was down slightly while the UK was our most challenged region as it continues to feel the effect of Brexit along with tough comps fueled by a series of one-time events in 2018. The UK labor market remains strong despite a decline in employment in Q3 while domestic growth is showing signs of slowing and overall business sentiment is lumping. That said, the news coming out of the UK this past week is somewhat encouraging and we remain hopeful the UK, and European Union can reach an agreement sooner or rather than later. The AAG team has made progress in executing on their sales and cost savings plans and we believe we are beginning to see the impact on our business, both on the revenue and cost side of the ledger. Specifically related to sales one key initiative to highlight would be the Q3, Q4 rollout of the NAPA brand across several product categories. We believe the introduction of a quality private label offering will further distinguish our European business from the competition and provide incremental growth opportunities for us. As it relates to cost savings, our efforts thus far are having a positive impact on our European operating profits and we expect to generate additional expense reductions in the periods ahead. In addition, we also made progress with our European M&A strategy during the quarter. We continue to integrate the PartsPoint acquisition, which closed on June 1st with our overall European business and this group performed according to plan. Likewise, we closed on the Todd acquisition in France on October 1st. This strategic acquisition positions us as the market leader in the heavy-duty segment across the French market. As a reminder PartsPoint and Todd are expected to add $330 million and $85 million in annual revenues. So despite current market conditions, we see many good things taking shape in our European business, and we remain committed to our growth and integration plans for this important segment of our Automotive operations. Now turning to Australia and New Zealand, our team continues to outperform the market with solid comp sales growth of 4.2% for the quarter. This represents our strongest core sales growth in 2019 despite more challenging economic conditions across the region. We were also pleased to complete our full -- our first full quarter with our 87% investment in Sparesbox which closed on July 1. As a reminder Sparesbox is Australia's leading online automotive parts and accessories business and while not material to our financial results, this partnership serves to enhance our understanding of the digital marketplace and grow our digital sales capabilities in Australasia, and potentially across all of our global operations. So that's a review of our global automotive business and now we will turn to our industrial business. Our Global Industrial Parts Group continues to push further with our portfolio optimization initiatives with the closing of the Inenco acquisition on July 1 and the sale of EIS on September 30. We will address both transaction shortly, but overall this group had a solid quarter with sales of $1.7 billion, up 9.9%, including an approximately 1% comp sales increase and a 9% benefit from acquisitions. This group also improve their operating margin by 30 basis points for the second consecutive quarter and 50 basis points if we exclude EIS. So we are pleased with the continued progress in our Industrial business. The softness we have seen in our top line growth is not unexpected given the overall slowdown we have seen in the industrial economy. This has translated to mixed results across our product and industry sector sales with eight of our 14 product categories and seven of 12 industries positive in the third quarter. With the slowing U.S. manufacturing trends the Motion team continues to look for strategic tuck-in acquisitions as part of its overall growth strategy and effective October 1 acquired the fluid power house headquartered in Ontario, Canada. FPA which is a full service fluid power distributor with four locations and projected annual sales of $20 million. Our Industrial business in Canada has been growing at a high single-digit pace or better for 11 consecutive quarters and we are excited to bolster their position in the Fluid Power segment. We have also further diversified our industrial footprint with the entry into Australasia. We were pleased to close on the Inenco acquisition and Australasia on July 1 and they have hit the ground running. Inenco is a leading industrial distributor in this region with operations in Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia, and this business performed very well in the quarter, providing accretive sales and profitability. We continue to believe that Inenco was an excellent strategic fit with Motion in North America and presents tremendous opportunities for global industrial growth. Finally, during the third quarter, we announced a definitive agreement to sell the Electrical Specialties Group of Motion Industries and this transaction ultimately closed on September 30, 2019. As background, we had determined that this was in the best interest of the company given its lower growth and lower margin profile relative to our core industrial operations. We were very pleased to complete the sale of this business and take another step forward in our strategy to optimize our portfolio and best position GPC for sustainable long-term growth. So now let's discuss S.P. Richards, our Business Products Group. For the third quarter, comp sales for this business were down approximately 1%. This sales decreased primarily reflects the slower sales in our core office supplies and technology categories as well as slower sales with our National Accounts Group. In contrast, our facilities and safety supplies business delivered another quarter of solid results and we expect continued growth from this category in the quarters ahead. Despite the softness in the top line, the BPG team has stabilized its operations with improved profitability and a 40 basis point year-over-year improvement in operating margin for the quarter. This is significant progress and especially impressive given a devastating fire that occurred at our Atlanta DC at head office in mid-July. First, we want to say how pleased we are to report then no one was injured during this unfortunate event. Second, our team was well prepared with an effective business continuity plan enabling them to get back up and operational in a matter of days. We are proud of our team for their attention to safety and servicing our customers under very difficult circumstances. So that's a recap of our consolidated and business segment results in the third quarter of 2019. But before I turning it over to Carol for her remarks. We wanted to update you on our action plans and progress in accelerating our ongoing cost savings plans and developing aggressive expense reduction initiatives. These efforts are designed to more effectively address our cost structure, drive meaningful savings and deliver incremental value. So today, we are pleased to announce that we have plans in place to generate annualized savings of $100 million by the end of 2020. And as Carol will discuss later these are meaningful cost reductions that will help drive operating margin expansion in the years to come. Our team is committed to this mission and excited to work together to achieve these savings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Carol.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will begin with a review of our key financial information and then provide you with our updated outlook for 2019. With our third quarter total sales of $5 billion representing a 6.2% increase, our gross margin for the quarter was 32.4% compared to 31.4% in 2018 with the improvement in margin relating to several factors. These include more flexible and sophisticated pricing strategies, favorable product mix and the benefit of higher supplier incentives. In addition, the PartsPoint and Inenco businesses have higher gross margin profiles. These factors drove improved gross margins in all three of our business segments and we continue to expect our 2019 gross margin rate to remain relatively in line with our current run rate. The pricing environment across all three of our segments has been relatively in place scenario thus far in 2019. In automotive, the price increase is primarily related to the impact of tariffs, while Industrial and Business Products has seen increases associated with general inflation in areas such as raw material pricing, commodities and supplier freight. Thus far we have been successful in passing on the price increases to our customers to protect our gross margins. So we continue to believe that the current levels of inflation have been a net positive to our results and we expect this to continue through the balance of 2019. Specific to tariffs their impact in the third quarter primarily reflects the 25% tariff on List 1, 2, 3 items, although business products was also impacted by the 15% tariff on the List 4A items which was effective September 1. With this in mind, the impact of tariffs on our Q3 sales was approximately 2% for U.S. automotive immaterial for industrial and approximately 1% for business products. We would add that the tariffs have had no impact on our gross margins. Turning to our SG&A. These expenses were $1.3 billion in the third quarter, up 13.5% from last year and 25.3% of sales. Our SG&A expenses continue to be impacted by the effect of rising costs in areas such as payroll freight and delivery, IT, and cyber security, as well as ongoing investments to improve our efficiencies and productivity. The PartsPoint and Inenco businesses also have a higher SG&A profile, and this was a factor in the increase. In addition, we are seeing the deleveraging of expenses due to slower comparable sales growth in certain operations. As Paul mentioned earlier, we've been enhancing our initiatives and intensifying our efforts to reduce our costs and more effectively leverage our expenses. While these efforts are still in the early stages of implementation. We've made significant progress and we expect to generate meaningful savings as we move forward. By the end of 2020, we expect to generate annualized savings of $100 million and we will continue to evaluate opportunities for additional cost reduction in the years beyond. As part of our commitment to drive efficiencies and eliminate redundant costs, we're focused on a variety of cost saving initiatives. We intend to reorganize and streamline several functional areas across our operations including numerous back office responsibilities. In addition, we expect to consolidate and ultimately reduce our total number of distribution facilities and to enhance the automation utilized and distribution and back office functions. These actions will require organizational changes and we're currently working on a number of workforce initiatives to successfully drive this process, while also maintaining excellent customer service. We look forward to providing more details on these plans and initiatives as they are finalized and launched and executed in the coming quarters. So now let's discuss the results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the third quarter was $2.8 billion, up 5% from the prior year and our operating profit of $222 million was down 2% with an operating margin of 8.0% compared to 8.6% margin in the third quarter of 2018. This quarter, the 60 basis point decline in margin directly relates to the challenges we are facing in Europe. And as mentioned, we expect to see improvement in Europe as well as all of our Automotive operations through the saving plans that we will be implementing through the next 12 months. Our industrial sales were $1.7 billion in the quarter, a strong 10% increase from Q3 of 2018. Our operating profit of $138 million was up 15.4% and their operating margin improved to 7.9% from 7.6% last year with a 30 basis point increase due to gross margin expansion and the leveraging of expenses. The industrial business continues to operate well with a 11 consecutive quarters of solid sales and operating results. Our business products revenues were $492 million, down 1% from the prior year. Their operating profit of $21.6 million is up 9%, and their operating margin improved to 4.4% from 4.0% last year. So it's nice to see the margin expansion and continued steady results for this business. Our total company operating profit in the third quarter was $381 million, up 4% on a 6% sales increase and our operating profit margin was 7.6% compared to 7.7% last year. We had net interest expense of $25 million in the third quarter, which is up slightly from the second quarter and up from the $22 million in the third quarter last year. Looking ahead, we are currently expecting net interest to be in the $92 million to $93 million range for the full year, which is down from our previous estimate of $97 million to $98 million. This improvement reflects our lower projected interest rates and debt levels for the balance of the year. Our total amortization expense was $26 million for the third quarter and we continue to expect full-year amortization to be approximately $100 million. Our depreciation expense was $42 million in the third quarter and we are narrowing the range for our full-year depreciation expense to $170 million to $175 million for the year. On a combined basis we expect depreciation and amortization to be in the range of $270 million to $275 million for 2019. Continuing with the segment information presented in our press release, the other line which primarily represents our corporate expense was $26 million in the third quarter including an approximate $12 million benefit associated with the transaction costs and other income related primarily to the Inenco acquisition and the sale of EIS. The acquisition of the final 65% interest in Inenco resulted in a $39 million gain on the revaluation of our original 35% investment. This was partially offset by transaction costs, and the $6 million net loss related to the sale of EIS, excluding these items, our corporate expense was $38 million or a $6 million increase from last year and primarily relates to payroll pressures increased legal and professional fees, ongoing investments in IT, Cyber security, Digital and overall omnichannel initiatives. For 2019, we are narrowing our expected range for corporate expense to $130 million to $135 million. Our tax rate for the third quarter was 25.3%, an increase from the 24.5% rate in the prior year, primarily due to transaction and other associated costs. For the full year, we continue to expect our 2019 tax rate to be approximately 25%. Now let's turn to our balance sheet, which remains strong and an excellent condition. Accounts receivable of $2.7 billion is up 3% from the prior year. This compares to our 6% total sales increase and represents a 2.5% increase excluding acquisitions, foreign currency and the impact of EIS. So we did a good job of managing this account and we remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at September 30 was $3.7 billion, up 5% from September of last year, excluding acquisitions, foreign currency and EIS our inventory was up less than 1% and we're very pleased with the progress our teams are making in maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels. Our accounts payable of $4.2 billion is up 4% due mainly to the increase in purchasing volume and to a lesser degree the benefit of improved payment terms with key global partners. At September 30, our AP to inventory ratio was 113%. Our total debt of $3.4 billion at September 30 is down from the $3.9 billion at June 30th due primarily to the repayment of debt as a result of our strong cash from operations in the third quarter. At September 30, our average interest rate on our total outstanding debt stands at 2.23% which is improved from the 2.63% at September 30 last year. We remain comfortable with our current debt structure and we have a strong balance sheet and the financial capacity to support our future growth initiatives and our ongoing priorities for effective capital allocations. As mentioned, we had strong cash flows in the third quarter and we've generated $745 million in cash from operations thus far in 2019. For the full year, we continue to expect approximately $1 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow, which excludes capital expenditures and the dividend to be in the $300 million to $350 million range. So we expect our cash flows to continue to support our ongoing priorities for the use of cash which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our key priorities for cash remain the reinvestment in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, the dividend and share repurchases. We have invested a $183 million in capital expenditures thus far in 2019 up $91 million from 2018. This reflects our growing global platform and the planned increase in our investments in areas such as technology and productivity in our facilities. For the year, we're updating our capital expenditures to the range of $250 million to $300 million. Regarding the dividend 2019 represents our 63rd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders. Our 2019 annual dividend of $3.05 represents a 6% increase from 2018 and it's approximately 54% of our 2018 adjusted earnings, which is in line with our targeted payout ratio. Turning to our share repurchase program we have purchased approximately 800,000 shares of our common stock thus far in 2019 and today we have $15.6 million shares authorized for repurchase. We expect to be active in the program over the long term and continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So now let's discuss our current outlook for 2019. We are updating our full year 2019 sales and earnings guidance in consideration of several factors. These factors include our results through the nine months of the year, our current growth plans and initiatives, the market conditions we see for the foreseeable future across all of our operations, the September 30 sale of EIS and the ongoing impact of a strong U.S. dollar. With these items in mind, we expect our full year sales to increase approximately 3.5%. This updated sales outlook represents a change from our previous guidance for a plus 4.5% to plus 5.5% sales increase and it accounts for the sale of EIS as well as the incremental impact of foreign currency translation relative to our previous guidance. As this is customary, this guidance excludes the benefit of any future acquisitions, by business we are guiding sales to be up 3.5% to 4% for the Automotive segment, which has changed from our previous guidance of plus 4% to plus 5% and primarily due to the impact of foreign currency and a challenging sales environment, which we continue to face in Europe, plus 4% to plus 4.5% for the industrial segment, which is down from the plus 7% to plus 8% previously primarily related to the sale of EIS, and down approximately 1% for the business products segment. On the earnings side, we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.44 to $5.52, which accounts for the transaction and other costs and income incurred through the nine months in 2019. And we are updating our outlook for adjusted earnings per share to $5.60 to $5.68 from the previous $5.65 to $5.75, this represents a $0.05 to $0.07 change in earnings primarily due to the sale of EIS. As a reminder, adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes any nine month and future transaction and other costs, that completes our financial update and our outlook for 2019 and I will now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We were pleased to perform in line with our expectations for the third quarter, and would highlight several accomplishments. We had record quarterly sales, surpassing $5 billion in sales for the first time in our company's history. We achieved another quarter of positive comp sales growth in our U.S., Canadian and Australasian automotive businesses as well as our Industrial business. We further improved our gross margin with a 105 basis point year-over-year gain. Our Industrial business continue to perform well, generating a 30 basis point margin improvement. The Business Products Group further stabilized posting a 40 basis point margin improvement. We improved our working capital position and generated strong cash flows and finally, we expanded our global footprint via several diversified acquisitions, both by segment and geography, including a Inenco and Sparesbox on July 1, and the fluid powerhouse and Todd on October 1. In addition to these accomplishments, we have made strong progress on our ongoing business transformation. We continue to take steps to optimize our portfolio of businesses as demonstrated by the sale of EIS on September 30. Finally, we strengthened our focused on sustainable, value-creating initiatives to drive meaningful enduring efficiency including the cost reduction actions we discuss today. We will also continue to execute on our aggressive initiatives to improve top line performance. We plan to achieve this by incrementally growing revenue through new business generation, executing our digital strategy and finally securing strategic bolt-on acquisitions. We are focused on creating significant long-term value for our shareholders and we will continue to update the investment community as we make progress towards this important objective. We thank you for listening, and with that, we'll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks, good morning everybody. So first, a cleanup question, did both NAPA and Motion have one less Sunday in the quarter and what was the approximate comp benefit to that?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So we really, while we did have arguably an extra day in the third quarter and we were sort of day in Q1, it varies depending on the business and the geography in the segment. So we would say it was more of a minimal impact.
Christopher Horvers: Minimal. And so I guess -- maybe historically said 50 basis points or something less than that.
Carol Yancey: Something less than that. That's correct.
Christopher Horvers: In Motion, did have one less?
Carol Yancey: They did, yes.
Christopher Horvers: Okay, got it. And then could you maybe first on the Motion side, can you talk about those core Motion comps ex that extra day noise. Did it turn negative in September. And how are you thinking about the outlook over the coming quarters given the fact that the PMI has been I think negative in back-to-back months.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So Chris, thanks for the question. The look our Motion business, despite the decline two months in a row in PMI. And if you go back further Chris, PMI has been declined for six consecutive months and 10 out of 13. So not a new phenomenon by any stretch. Our Motion business we're pleased with the way the guys delivered in the quarter. Much like our overall business their strongest month of the quarter was August. They had a good month in August. July and September were both slightly weaker than August. But again, we're very pleased with the way the team delivered, and what is clearly a slowing industrial environment, but as we have seen in this cyclical business in the past, Chris they've done the right things in terms of cost take out and fortunately we're deliver -- we're able to deliver nice operating margin improvement in the quarter.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then just having to be able to run through the numbers, but I guess you think about what's the sort of implied Motion comp for the fourth quarter.
Carol Yancey: Chris, that would be similar to what it was in Q3, so around a 1% comp. And one other just item to note we're really pleased to have our expansion in a different geography in the industrial business going into Q4 and beyond with Inenco and Australasia. They're not quite as susceptible to some of the things that we're seeing in North America. So as we look ahead, still strong reported total sales, but a similar comp for Q4.
Christopher Horvers: Got it. And then just lastly the -- similar discussion around the U.S. NAPA business. How did you see the monthly trends ex that -- the extra day noise? And then how -- what the implied in U.S. NAPA comp here for the fourth quarter?
Paul Donahue: So I'll take the first part of the question, Chris the cadence of the quarter again, very similar to what I described in Industrial. Good August, very good August for the team here in the U.S. September not a surprise. We are up against our strongest comp of the year in September. And then July, what I'd say about July, we got off to a better start in July, and I think I might have even a commented on it during the last call, we saw that slow in the second half of the month of July. But all-in-all, very similar to the cadence that we outlined for industrial. And as far as guidance looking forward I'll let Carol tackle that one.
Carol Yancey: Yes, sure, Chris. As we look as we just ended the nine months with U.S. automotive coming around 3%, we would expect to be similar in Q4 was around 2.5% to 3% comp.
Christopher Horvers: Perfect, thanks so much. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gustavo Gonzalez: Hi, good morning. This is actually Gustavo Gonzalez on for Scot today. Thank you for taking our questions. Just on sort of the strategic M&A and in particular automotive and sort of industrial and acknowledging, there are a lot of sort of puts and takes market-by-market. Can you sort of update us on how the M&A environment or opportunity set out there, it looks like right now versus, say, two or three years ago and maybe even sort of directionally touch on what kind of multiples you're seeing in the market today versus prior years?
Paul Donahue: Sure, I'll touch on that, the -- from our vantage point, from an M&A standpoint we will embark upon our plastic strategy at GPC to always be on the lookout for strategic bolt-on acquisitions across our different business segments and geographies. A classic coupled for us this past quarter were the Todd acquisition in France, which bolsters are heavy duty footprint and positions us at number one in that market, the fluid power house acquisition for our motion business, which strengthens our fluid power business in Canada. So those are our classic approach to M&A and certainly we will continue to look at bolt-on acquisitions that our strategy is generally to look for 1% to 2% per year in bolt-on acquisitions. In terms of the larger, more strategic acquisitions like AAG we're going to be more focused on integrating those more strategic acquisitions in 2020 and beyond. And then in terms of valuations the valuations that we look at in our bolt-on acquisitions that really has not changed in previous years those -- most of those type acquisitions, we know the players, they know us, we're not getting into a bidding more, and it's a very sane environment, if you would.
Gustavo Gonzalez: Got it, thank you.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt McClintock with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Matt McClintock: Hi. Yes, good morning everyone. I wanted to -- I wanted to know if you could focus on European automotive for a few minutes. I believe that you said that the French business returned to positive or slightly positive growth this quarter and I wanted to dig into that a little bit, what did you actually see in that business during the quarter that, that brought around that improvement that be the first question.
Paul Donahue: And thanks for the question, Matt. Look, what I would say, first and foremost is we were very pleased to see our European business rebound in Q3. As you know, Q2 was a challenge. So the team rebounded nicely, the French team, which is our single largest market in Europe had a solid quarter and delivering a positive sales increase after a significant decline in Q2. I think that the initiatives that they put into place will continue to drive here going forward. But the French team did a good job, where -- where we saw softness in the quarter was in the UK and again, we believe those issues that we face in the UK are largely transitory we were pleased to see that perhaps there may be a resolution to the Brexit issues and that will certainly help our business going forward if they are able to reach resolution.
Matt McClintock: And that has actually my follow up is the Brexit deal that apparently was reached today if that actually does go into place. Is that something that would remove an overhang immediately in your business? Or is that something that you would think would have to play out over a period of quarters before the overhang is removed. Thanks.
Paul Donahue: Yes, that's a good question, Matt, and I wish I could give you a specific answer. It's hard to say, but I will tell you that there has been is a bit of malaise in the marketplace, folks aren't sure with all the uncertainty around Brexit in the past number of quarters, I think it just weighed on business in general. So if they are to reach resolution if it makes its way through Parliament and they do reach resolution. I don't know that we'll see an immediate bounce back, but I do expect there to be a bounce back for sure. And I would also add Matt, that the initiatives that we're taking whether it happens or not. We're getting aggressive in introducing our NAPA brand into the UK, we launched a couple of product categories in Q3, and intend to accelerate that in Q4 going forward. So whether they reach resolution or not? Our team stands ready to improve that business.
Matt McClintock: I appreciate the color. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, good morning and thanks for taking our questions. What is there on North America, automotive organic growth, saw a nice acceleration in the two-year stack basis. Can you just talk about how much you think your programs, like the store remodels, loyalty or NAPA AutoCare are driving that growth versus just an industry acceleration we've seen as weather improves.
Paul Donahue: Yes, Daniel. Thanks for the question, what I would tell you about our NAPA business in Q3, and it was a very similar trend as we saw in Q2 is our DIFM category, which is our largest segment by a large percentage, it performed very well in the quarter. I would point out our NAPA AutoCare business as a very bright spot in the quarter. Our team, the NAPA AutoCare team continues to do a terrific job, and we also saw a better lift in our major account business. So both did quite well. We've got opportunities on the retail side, we saw our retail business soften in Q2 that carried into Q3, we've anniversaried some of the new retail initiatives that we have been driving in the last few years, but we're confident our team will get that business back on track but DIFM is the real highlight for us in Q3 as it was in Q2.
Daniel Imbro: Thanks a lot, that's helpful. And then maybe, following up on the last question, I think you mentioned you're rolling up the NAPA brand across some product categories in Europe. Can you help us think about how much of your business in Europe today is private label. I mean, how does that compare to existing players, and then how has the consumer responded so far to the new brand?
Paul Donahue: Yes, it's probably a bit early Daniel to give you an update on how they've responded to the NAPA brand. I will tell you that our team was excited, we launched it at a major show in Q3, a lot of excitement, a lot of buzz. They know the NAPA brand in the U.K. What I would say overall about private brands in Europe, it varies by market. So, very little private label in Germany, a bit more in France and the U.K. would be the strongest market for private label, which is why we chose the UK to launch first, but make no mistake our intent will be to move into France, Germany and the Netherlands with the NAPA private brand.
Daniel Imbro: Got it, thanks so much. Best of luck.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to go back and ask about the savings. Just in terms of timing, is there aren't going to be any impact to 2019, and then of the $100 million, you've identified, are you able to identify, how much could flow through versus how much needs to be reinvested given the rework changes you mentioned?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so I appreciate the question, and as we kind of look ahead at the $100 million and your comment specifically about 2019, what we're planning for is that we would have annualized $100 million by the end of 2020 and that would be a net number that would flow in, but it would be over a number of several quarters as it comes in and in doing the things that we're talking about and we're obviously still working on our plans and still looking at a number of initiatives in areas, we could have some costs in Q4 that come out of either head count related or facility related as we look ahead, those would be one-time type non-recurring that we could have in Q4, but again we're going into 2020 with the expectation that it's $100 million annualized by the end of the year. And then we obviously would be continuing to look for other opportunities as we move ahead, we're certainly not going to stop with just this initial look at the first $100 million.
Kate McShane: Okay, thank you. And then if we could just go back to the automotive industry and what you've seen now that tariffs, have been in place. Can you talk us through the impact on sales from inflation versus units and just what you think the impact was in the third quarter from tariffs specifically?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So as we, and again we commented that primarily we're talking about for Automotive and is the list one through three of the 25% tariff that went up on July 1, that was in Q3 about 1.9% on our sales for U.S. automotive. It was about 1% first half, so we would expect a similar amount for Q4. So we have kind of a blended 1.5% full-year basis for U.S. automotive. For the industrial business, it's really immaterial and for business products it was about 1% in Q3 and we would have a similar amount for Q4 they do have List 4b that comes in, as of now 12/15, but there could be around 1% for them also in Q4. And again, I guess I would just leave you with, our teams have done a tremendous job navigating through all the puts and takes as it relates to tariffs. And we have successfully become much more agile and nimble in moving prices and being able to pass those through and have seen no impact on our gross margins.
Kate McShane: Okay, thank you. And then my final question on automotive. You mentioned the timing of promotional events. Were certain promotional events brought forward or were they pushed into Q4?
Paul Donahue: They were pulled forward Kate and honestly, we think that we'll balance those out as we roll into Q4, we'd begin to hit some colder weather. And we think we're going to be fine going forward, I would also just comment Kate, you ask about the U.S. automotive business. So I think one thing that we would absolutely stress is the health of the overall aftermarket, when you look at miles driven, which we saw a nice jump in July, gas price is down considerably, year-over-year the average age, all the fundamentals continue to be really solid for automotive aftermarket and when I look at our performance in the quarter, it plays to our strength, which is DIFM and I think that plays very well for us going into Q4 in 2020.
Kate McShane: Okay, thank you.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I want to follow up a little bit on the tariffs and inflation. Carol in the past you guys have talked about general inflation in your COGS. Could you give us those numbers? Or highlight how much of the inflation that's occurring is related to tariffs as opposed to just some other inflation that might be out there.
Carol Yancey: Yes, happy to do that, Greg. What we saw the tariffs and inflation for U.S. automotive are virtually the same. So the inflation that they've had, be it on the COGS side or passing through on the sales side, more like a 1.5% to 2% is generally been inflation. Our industrial business is running around 2% for inflation and there is more indirect to tariffs you would talk about raw materials and supplier freight and things like that, and that's a normal level for them and then business products, they would probably running about 3% in total for inflation with about 1% tariff related.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then maybe as a follow-up to that, why is this quarter through the peak benefit to sales in terms of pass through? Is that just the timing of when the tariffs hit and when you flow it through. Is there something else we should be watching is to look at ebb and flow that -- is that number going forward.
Carol Yancey: No, I guess, if you recall, the original 10% tariff that we were under, that's how we operated through the first half of the year, so the pass-through on pricing was about 1% and again we didn't take that full 10% tariff, but what we did take about half of that we passed through and that led to about a 1% impact first half the tariffs went up July 1% to 25% and again we didn't take that full amount but we knew our second half would be more pronounced. So that's why we've said all along, second half would be around 2% first half was 1%.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then this is maybe a bigger picture question. The do-it-for-me was stronger, and you guys clearly went in there early and leaned into that, but DIY a little softer. Do you think there is -- is there any evidence that the consumer is having trouble with any of this inflation or may be deferring any decisions?
Paul Donahue: It's a great question, Greg and one that certainly we've contemplated as well because we have seen a bit of softening on the retail front. I think it's -- may be a bit early yet to make a call there. But what I will tell you is we are watching it very, very closely. One of the key stats that we obviously always monitor closely are the number of tickets flowing through our stores and then obviously the average basket size.  Basket size, both retail and wholesale was very healthy this quarter. Our retail ticket were down more so than our wholesale ticket. But, so I would tell you we're monitoring it closely. We're monitoring our competitive stand in the marketplace, and we'll react if and when necessary. But I think it's maybe just a bit early yet to make that call.
Greg Melich: That's super helpful, thanks a lot. Good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Seth Basham: Good to hear that you have some plans for further cost savings. As we think about the outlook for 2020 from those savings, would it be appropriate to think that you'll be able to drive SG&A leverage, assuming a normalized sales environment in line with your long-term guidance?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look the $100 million is about a 50 basis point in operating margin improvement and we would expect to drive -- again, as you mentioned normal comparable sales growth, we would expect to drive SG&A improvement operating margin improvement.
Seth Basham: Great. And then, as it relates to gross margin in the quarter, you talked about supplier incentives providing some benefit. Can you give a little bit more color as to what segment that was in and the sustainability of those types of incentives.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so actually in all three of our segments we had gross margin improvement. The larger share of the gross margin improvement is coming from what I call, just the core gross margin and that is from favorable product mix to all the initiatives we've done in the area of pricing, so significant buy side and sell side initiatives that we're doing in all of our businesses has improved our gross margin. We have had -- because we have better growth, we have had positive supplier incentives and those are primarily been an automotive and office products. And then as we mentioned, we do have a little bit of an uplift in gross margin from PPG, PartsPoint and Inenco that carry a higher gross margin, but really the core is what's driving this which is just us delivering on our buy side and sell side initiatives and again doing it with a good bit of tariff impact and inflation.
Seth Basham: Got it. Can you just provide a little more color on the gross margin benefit and SG&A headwind associated with the PPG and Inenco?
Carol Yancey: Yes, happy to. So when you look at our gross margin as Paul mentioned, it was up 105 basis points if you exclude the purchase accounting adjustments we had, about a third of that was related to the two new acquisitions, so two-thirds of that was from our core business being up. And then on the SG&A side, when you look at our SG&A and if you take out again the one-time costs our SG&A was up around 120 basis points. We would tell you, it's similar 30 to 40 basis point impact for PPG and Inenco. So, our core business again should be improving a bit when you take out some of these things and it's important to kind of look at the operating margin side as well.
Seth Basham: Understood. Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jacob Moser: Hey guys, this is actually Jacob Moser on for Chris. Thanks for taking the question.
Paul Donahue: Okay.
Jacob Moser: So I'm just wondering of the $100 million of cost reductions. I think you guys said you still had some remaining from the $25 million synergy target from the AAG acquisition. So is this all incremental to that $25 million?
Carol Yancey: Yes, it is that $25 million, as it relates to AAG, which we are on track and that was all related to gross margin and global procurement, those $100 million is in the area of SG&A. So it is more payroll and facility and freight-related.
Jacob Moser: Okay, got you. And is it possible to quantify how much of that $25 million of synergies has come through at this point?
Carol Yancey: No, we have -- we said we would achieve that by the end of three years and we are on track to receive that. So -- I mean look, it's -- we would argue that we're on track, it's in our gross margin number, but it's the bulk of our improvement is coming from all the other stuff that we're doing.
Jacob Moser: Got you, okay. And then just, you said you paid down some debt in the quarter. So I think, now you're around three times debt-to-EBITDA versus maybe 1.5 historically like, have you changed how you're thinking about leverage and where do you see that shaking out?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So what we had in the quarter is we had some really nice improvement in our working capital and we were able to take that improvement in our working capital and use that to pay down some of our debt. The proceeds from the sale of EIS had in effect been redeployed on the two other acquisitions that we made earlier in the quarter. So when we look at where our debt was and it had ticked up a bit at the end of Q2 and obviously we're pleased with where it is now and expected to come down maybe just a little bit more by the end of the year. We're comfortable with where it was before and we're comfortable with where it is now, what we really look at is having flexibility and looking at what the right opportunities are. So again we're still comfortable with the amount of leverage we have today and we will certainly take it up for the right opportunity.
Jacob Moser: All right, great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question this morning comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Jordan: Good morning guys. Carol, I -- if we think about the forecast on inflation, is it fair to think the '20 might have first half inflation similar to second half of '19 and the negligible in the second half, just as we lap those second list of tariffs?
Carol Yancey: I mean like again assuming tariffs kind of stay where they are and I think the year-over-year what you've laid out makes sense. We don't really see any other -- other inflationary things that would come in, but I would think that would be reasonable first half versus second half 2020.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then a question on private label in Europe, when you think about the margin profile of private label, what is the delta over there. And I guess to sell private label you need to price it more aggressively against the market that's used to branded. I mean how do you think you can pick up margin over there with a bigger private label program.
Paul Donahue: Well, maybe I would start, Bret, by just mentioning again the initial launches in the U.K., we've launched private label batteries, as well as some suspension products, they will be priced a bit more aggressively then where our core product categories are today, what we've seen in the U.K., Bret, and you've probably seen, I know you follow it pretty closely over there, is a little bit of a flight to value, given the challenges, they are having in their economy and that's why, certainly we think we've got a big opportunity with the NAPA private brand.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then one cleanup. Regional performance in the U.S. NAPA, any particular strengths or weakness?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Very similar Bret to Q2, which was our northern tier division. So that would include our Group in the Northeast which led the way again for us in Q3, the central part of the U.S., the Mountain Midwest all really performed well, Southwest did just fine. Where we saw a bit of softness was out west, which we also saw in Q2, and a little bit in the Atlantic. We think the Atlantic may have benefited a year ago from some one-time sales via the hurricanes coming through, so we are up against some bigger comps. So I wouldn't read too much into that. But the Northern part of the U.S. really, really performed well for us.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: You're welcome. Thank you, Brett.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to management for any final comments.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for participating in our call today and we look forward to reporting out our year-end numbers. So thank you for your support of Genuine Parts Company.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference, you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I now like to turn the conference over to your host, Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company second quarter 2019 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2019. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid. And I’ll add my welcome to our second quarter 2019 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our second quarter 2019 results. I’ll make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights across our businesses. Carol Yancey, will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2019. After that, we'll open the call up to your questions. To recap our second quarter performance across our global platform, total sales were a record $4.9 billion, up 2.3% from Q2 of 2018, driven by a 1.6% comp sales increase, and a 2.7% benefit from strategic acquisitions, net of a 1.5% headwind from foreign currency translation, and a 1.5% impact from the Auto Todo divestiture. Net income in the second quarter was $224 million and earnings per share were $1.53. Excluding the impact of transaction and other cost related to acquisitions, adjusted net income was $230 million, or $1.57 per share. Our second quarter results were highlighted by positive total sales growth in each of our automotive regions, including the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Australasia and in our industrial segment, while the business products group had a slight decline in sales. Our core automotive performance in Europe was pressured by the ongoing transitory factors of a mild winter season and broad economic and political consideration. Turning to a more detailed review of our business segments, total sales in our Global Automotive Group, which represented 56% of our total revenues were up 1.4%. This includes a 1.3% comp sales increase and a 3.5% benefit from acquisitions. This was partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency of 2.5%, and the impact from the sale of Auto Todo in Q1.  By region, our U.S. automotive sales were up 2.3% in the second quarter with comp sales at plus 3%. This marks the continuation of solid U.S. sales comp in our fourth consecutive quarter of 3% comp sales growth, despite the challenge of wet conditions across much of the country throughout the quarter. We remain confident in the strength of the U.S. automotive aftermarket over the balance of the year, and we look forward to executing on our growth initiatives to cease the opportunities provided by both the positive business climate and sound industry fundamental. In the second quarter, we had positive sales growth with both our commercial and retail customers. We were especially pleased with the strength of our sales to the commercial segment, which represents close to 80% of our total U.S. automotive sales. While we experience sales gains across our commercial customers segment, sales to our NAPA AutoCare Centers drove the outperformance. Sales to our AutoCare customers were up 5%, in-line with the first quarter and improved from the 3.5% growth in 2018. This was a direct result of the increase focused by our new management team to drive a greater share of wallet with these strategic customers. NAPA AutoCare represents the fastest growing customer segment for our U.S. automotive business and is targeted to represent well over 18,000 members this year.  We expect continued growth from these customers in the quarters ahead. Sales to our major account partners were up 2% in the quarter [technical difficulty] regional accounts and OE dealers among others represent a large and important customer segment. Driving improved sales with this group is meaningful to our overall results and an important element of our growth strategy. Turning to our retail segment, sales to this group were positive as noted before, but pressured somewhat from the wet weather that persisted throughout the quarter. We believe our retail business will bounce back as the weather normalizes. Our retail impact stores, which represent those stores that have been renovated and reset continued to outperform our overall retail performance, and we have significant opportunity to further expand this initiative across our network. While we have successfully completed this initiative in our company stores, we’ve really just begun to implement these changes at our independent stores. In addition, the NAPA Rewards Program, which now has reached 10.7 million members strong continues to drive additional retail sales and positively impact our overall results. At NAPA Canada, our business remains strong having produced another quarter of solid sales growth driven by mid-single digit comp sales growth and the added benefit of accretive tuck-in acquisition. Our Canadian team maintained a strong margin and we expect to continue to build on this positive momentum. In Europe, our automotive business continued to operate in a challenging sales environment. The mild winner across most of the regions in which we operate, disruption of business associated with Brexit, and the overall softening economic environment each weighed heavily on our core sales and significantly pressured our operating results. Our management team in Europe began taking step to address these issues early in the first quarter by implementing comprehensive cost saving initiative to mitigate the effects of this downturn. We are ramping up these ongoing efforts and expect to personally offset our property clients in Europe over the balance of the year. During the quarter, we announced the closing of the PartsPoint acquisition effective in June. This new business is an excellent strategic fit for AAG and we’re excited for the growth opportunities we see in the Netherlands and Belgium. The Benelux region of Europe has not been impacted by the economic and political factors affecting much of Europe, providing a more stable operating environment. We expect PartsPoint to generate estimated annual revenue of $330 million and look forward to growing this business and further strengthening our European operations. And finally, yesterday we announced that AAG has entered into an agreement to acquire the Todd Group, a leading distributor in France for heavy-duty and truck parts and accessories for the independent heavy-duty aftermarket. The European heavy-duty market has avoided the economic and other pressures in Europe and continues to grow at solid rates. With the addition of Todd, AAG becomes the undisputed leader in the independent heavy-duty aftermarket in France with well over 300 total locations. We expect this transaction to close in the fourth quarter of 2019 and for this business to generate $85 million in estimated annual revenues. Undoubtedly, we are all disappointed with our recent results in Europe. We remain committed to our growth plans, while also taking proactive steps to immediately reduce our cost structure and work through these challenges, which we believe to be transitory in nature, but impactful in the near term as we have seen in this quarter’s results. In Australia and New Zealand, we are pleased to report another solid quarter with low to mid-single digit sales increased for both total and comp sales. This steady growth reflects the positive impact of a well-executed growth strategy combined with the effective cost controls and sound aftermarket fundamentals. As part of our growth plans for this business, we increased our investment in Sparesbox to 87% effective July 1. While not significant to our financial results, Sparesbox is Australia’s leading online automotive parts and accessories business. As a cutting-edge digital specialist, this partnership served to enhance our understanding of the digital marketplace and grow our digital sales capabilities in Australasia and potentially across our global operation. We are excited to expand our partnership with the Sparesbox team and look forward to growing our business together. In summary, while our European business remains challenged, our automotive businesses in the U.S., Canada, and Australasia are performing well thus far in 2019. We are confident that we can continue this positive trend, while also working to improve our European results in the quarters ahead. Turning now to our Industrial Parts Group, this business continues to perform well with sales of $1.7 billion, up 4.9%, including 3.1% comp sales growth, and a 2.1% benefit from acquisitions, which was partially offset by a slight currency headwind. Importantly, this quarter’s sales growth drove improved profitability and a 30-basis point improvement in operating margin. So, we are pleased with the continued progress we are making in our industrial business. Overall, we continue to effectively execute on our growth initiative and operate in a stable industrial economy. In addition, our acquisitions continue to perform well and positively contribute to our overall results. Looking to our product and industry sector sales performance, our results were consistent with the first quarter. 12 of 14 major product groups posted sales gains with especially strong results in the industrial supplies, material handling, and hose and pumps category leading the way. Additionally, 9 of the top 12 industries, where we compete, generated sales increases, highlighted by strong growth across several sectors, including iron and steel, fabricated metal products, chemicals and allied products, aggregate and cement, food products, and automotive sectors. Offsetting these positive results were softer sales in the electrical specialties group, primarily driven by the impact of lower copper pricing. We remain confident in the growth outlook for our North American industrial business for the balance of the year. In addition, as previously announced, we expanded our industrial footprint into Australasia with the purchase of the remaining 65% stake in Inenco, effective July 1. We originally purchased a 35% stake in Inenco in 2017 and held the opportunity to acquire the balance of the company at a later date. Throughout our two-year partnership, this team consistently exceeded our expectations, and we look forward to growing our business together for many years to come.  Inenco, is already one of Australasia's leading industrial distributors with operations in Australia, New Zealand, Indonesia and Singapore. In total annual sales of approximately $400 million. Inenco is an excellent strategic fit with motion in North America from a products and services perspective, and presents tremendous opportunities with our global suppliers and extensive and diverse customer base. Likewise, we expect to realize additional cost-related synergies associated with our automotive business in Australasia. So, we are excited to move forward with full ownership of this outstanding organization and we officially welcome Roger Jowett and the Inenco team to GPC. Now, we want to update you on our performance at S.P. Richards, our business products group. For the second quarter, total and comp sales for this business were down slightly. While business products has performed well for several quarters, we experience a bit of softening in our core office supply business in Q2, although our facilities and safety supply supplies business delivered solid results. FPS represents 35% of our total business products revenue and is the fastest growing segment in the industry, providing us with additional future growth opportunities. In addition, during the second quarter we operated well and we held our operating margin constant with last year. This bodes well for margin improvement as sales strengthen and we build on our position as the only independent national business products wholesaler in the U.S. So, that's a recap of our consolidated and business segment results for the second quarter of 2019. With that, I'll hand it over to Carol for her remarks.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will begin with a review of our key financial information and then we will provide our updated outlook for 2019. With our second quarter total sales of $4.9 billion, representing a 2.3% increase and including 1.6 comparable sales growth, our gross margin in the quarter was 32.4%, compared to 31.6% in 2018 with the improvement in margin relating to several factors. Similar to the first quarter, the increase primarily reflects higher margins in our automotive and industrial businesses, due to the ongoing initiatives, including taking advantage of a global supplier presence, more flexible and sophisticated pricing strategies, and favorable product mix. In addition, the increase in supplier incentives across our business segments also had a positive impact on gross margin. Our team has done an excellent job of improving our gross margin and for the balance of the year, we continue to expect our 2019 gross margin rate to remain relatively in line with our current run rate. This assumes continued inflation in the 1% to 2% range and consistent levels of volume incentives. The pricing environment has been relatively inflationary thus far in 2019. In automotive, price increases primarily reflect the impact of tariffs, while industrial and business products have seen increases associated with general inflations in areas such as raw material pricing, commodities, and supplier freight. Thus far, we have been successful in passing on the price increases to our customers to protect our gross margin overall. So, we continue to believe that the current levels of inflation have been a net positive to our results. We expect this to continue through the balance of 2019. Specific to tariffs, their impact in the second quarter as well as the six months relates to the 10% tariff previously implemented. By segment, the impact of tariffs on our sales in the second quarter were 1.2% for U.S. automotive, 0.3% for industrial, and 0.3% for business products. As mentioned before, we have maintained our gross margin related to the 10% tariffs and we expect to do the same as we incurred the 25% tariff impact going forward. As a reminder, 10% of our U.S. cost of goods sold is subject to this tariff, including 20% of our U.S. automotive cost of goods sold, and 9% of our business products cost of goods sold.  Turning to our SG&A, these expenses were $1.2 billion in the second quarter, which represents 24.7% of sales. These operating costs were up 6% from last year as a result of several factors, including the effect of rising cost in areas such as payroll, freight, IT and cyber security, as well as the loss of leverage on our expenses in Europe and business products due to the declines in their comparable sales for those businesses. As we have discussed in several of our past earnings calls, we have ongoing initiatives to offset the rising cost environment and to better leverage our expenses as we move forward. These include steps to more effectively integrate our acquisitions, facility consolidations, productivity solutions, and other initiatives to drive efficiencies across our operations. As Paul will cover later, we recognize the need to produce greater cost savings and we’re developing additional plans to get that done. So, now let’s discuss the results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the second quarter was $2.8 billion, up 1.4% from the prior year, and our operating profit of $228 million was down 6% with an operating margin at 8.2%, compared to 8.9% margin in the second quarter of 2018. So, while they continue to see improvement on our gross margin line, we were also impacted by rising costs, as well as the deleveraging of expenses in Europe, which accounts for more than half of the decline in our margin. As mentioned earlier, we are enhancing the initiatives to address our cost in the quarters ahead. Our industrial sales were $1.7 billion in the quarter, a solid 5% increase from Q2 of 2018. Our operating profit of 136 million is up another solid 9%, and operating margin improved to 8.1% from 7.8% last year with a 30-basis point increase due to gross margin expansions and the leveraging of expenses. The industrial businesses continue to operate well with 10 consecutive quarters of strong sales and operating results. Our business product revenues were $478 million, down 1% from the prior year. Operating profit was $21 million and 4.4% of sales, which is consistent with 2018. They are solid operating results as this business continues to stabilize. Our total company operating profit in the second quarter was 386 million, down 1.2% on a 2.3% sales increase and our operating profit margin was 7.8%, compared to 8.1% last year. We had net interest expense at 23 million in the second quarter, which was consistent with the first quarter, but down from the 26 million in the second quarter last year. Looking ahead, we’re currently expecting net interest to be in the $97 million to $98 million range for the full-year, which is up from our previous estimate of $91 million to $93 million. This accounts for the new debt assumed for the PartsPoint and Inenco acquisitions. Our total amortization expense was $24 million for the second quarter, and for 2019 we are updating our full-year amortization to approximately $100 million from the previous $92 million, also due to our recent acquisitions. Our depreciation expense was $42 million in the second quarter and we continue to expect depreciation of $170 million to $180 million for the year. On a combined basis, we expect depreciation and amortization to be in the range of $270 million to $280 million for 2019. Continuing with this segment information presented in our press release, the other line, which primarily represents our corporate expense was $37 million in the second quarter, which includes $4 million in transaction and other costs, primarily related to the PartsPoint acquisition. Excluding these costs, our corporate expense was $33 million, which has improved slightly from 2018 when adjusted for the $9 million in transaction and other costs recorded last year. For 2019, we continue to expect our corporate expense to be in the $125 million to $135 million range. Our tax rate for the second quarter was 25.7%, which is an increase from the 24.4% rate in the prior year. This is primarily due to the non-deductible transaction, and other costs, as well as statute-related adjustments that are reported in these periods. For the full year, we continue to expect our 2019 tax rate to be approximately 25%.  Now, let’s turn to the balance sheet, which remains strong and in excellent condition. Our accounts receivable of $2.8 billion is up 6% from the prior year. This compares to our 2.3% total sales increase and it also includes a 3.7% impact from our acquisitions, including PartsPoint, which was acquired in June. We remain very pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at June 30 was $3.8 billion, up 8% from June of last year. This increase primarily relates to the additional inventory that was acquired through the acquisitions over the last 12 months, which added 6.5%. In addition, the increase in inventory includes the impact of inflation, as well as tariffs. We remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Our accounts payable of $4.1 billion is up 6%, due mainly to the increase in purchasing volumes and to a lesser degree the benefit of improved payment terms with our key global partners. At June 30, our AP to inventory ratio stands at a 108%. Our total debt of $3.9 billion at June 30 is up from $3.4 billion at March 31, and this is due primarily to the additional private placement debt that we assume for the recent acquisitions of PartsPoint and Inenco. We entered into these agreements with favorable rates and maturity periods ranging from 5 to 15 years. At June 30, our average interest rate on our total outstanding debt stands at 2.5%, which has improved from 3.0% at June 30 last year. We remain comfortable with our current debt structure and have a strong balance sheet and the financial capacity to support our future growth initiatives and our ongoing priorities for effective capital allocation. Turning now into our cash flows, we have generated approximately $300 million in cash from operations thus far in 2019. For the full-year, we currently expect approximately $1 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow, which excludes capital expenditures and the dividend to be in the range of $300 million to $350 million. So, we expect our cash flows to continue to support our ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our key priorities for cash remain the reinvestment in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, the dividend, as well as share repurchases. We have invested a $107 million in capital expenditures thus far in 2019, which is up from $65 million in 2018. This reflects our growing global platform and a planned increase in our investment in areas such as technology and productivity in our facilities. For the year, we continue to plan for capital expenditures in the range of $300 million. Our 2019 annual dividend of $3.05 was increased 6% from 2018 and is approximately 54% of our 2018 adjusted earnings, which is within our targeted payout ratio. 2019 marked our 63rd consecutive annual increase in the dividend paid to our shareholders and it’s a record we are proud of. Regarding our share repurchase program, we continue to have 16.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have not made any purchases under the program in 2019 as we have been active with other investment opportunities such as the recent M&A activity and capital expenditures that were discussed in this call. So, now let’s discuss our current outlook for 2019. In consideration of our results thus far in the year, our current growth plans and initiatives and the market conditions we see for this foreseeable future across our operations, which include the slowing global economy and continued softness we expect in Europe over the balance of the year, we are updating our full-year 2019 sales and earnings guidance. In addition, we took into account the recently added PartsPoint and Inenco acquisitions, as well as the impact of a strong U.S. dollar, which we continue to estimate as a 1% currency headwind for the full-year. Finally, our outlook accounts for one additional selling day in the third quarter relative to 2018 to make up for the one less selling day in the first quarter of 2019. With these factors in mind, we expect our full-year sales to increase 4.5% to 5.5%. This updated sales outlook represents a change from our previous guidance for a plus 3% to plus 4% sales increase, and it includes an approximate 2% sales contribution from the PartsPoint and Inenco acquisitions. As is customary, this guidance excludes the benefit of any future acquisitions. By business segment, we are guiding to plus 4% to plus 5% for the automotive segment, which is improved from our previous guidance of plus 2.5% to plus 3.5%, due to an approximate 2% contribution from PartsPoint; plus 7% to plus 8% for the industrial segment, which is up from plus 5% to plus 6% previously, and this is inclusive of an approximate 3% sales contribution from Inenco; and essentially flat to down slightly for total sales for the Business Products segment. On the earnings side, we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.42 to $5.52, which accounts for the transaction and other costs incurred through the first six months of 2019. We are updating our outlook for adjusted earnings per share to $5.65 to $5.75 from $5.75 to $5.90 previously. This represents a $0.15 to $0.20 change in earnings before an approximate $0.05 contribution from PartsPoint and the additional 65% investment in Inenco. As a reminder, adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes any first half, as well as future transaction and other costs. So that completes our financial update and outlook for 2019. We enter the second half of the year committed to our initiatives to grow the business and improve our operating results. We also remain focused on further strengthening our balance sheet and generating strong cash flows to support an effective and meaningful capital allocation. Paul, I’ll turn it back over to you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. With this quarter's challenges and the need to modify our full-year outlook, it’d be easy to overlook our team’s accomplishments, which include the following. We achieved record quarterly sales of $4.9 billion, including positive comp sales growth in our U.S., Canadian and Australian automotive businesses. We improved our gross margin significantly with a 91-basis point gain. Our industrial business continues to perform well with operating margins improved 30 basis points. We further stabilized our Business Products operating margin, which was unchanged from last year; and we expanded our global footprint with two large strategic acquisitions, PartsPoint Group in The Netherlands and Inenco in Australia. That said, we also thought it would be important to remind you of our multi-year efforts to optimize our portfolio and position the company for a sustained long-term growth. We spoke to this journey at our June 4 Investor Day and want to highlight a few key points for you now. First, we expanded our automotive footprint beyond North America and into Australasia six years ago. And this group has performed very well for us and added significant value. More recently, since 2017, we’ve added 45 acquisitions to our portfolio, which have provided $3 billion in incremental revenues and positively contributed to both our automotive and industrial footprints. While the majority of these new businesses have represented strategic bolt-on types of acquisitions, we've all stepped out and taken advantage of more significant opportunities, including our entree into Europe in late 2017 via Alliance Automotive, which we have further expanded with key strategic acquisitions in 2018 and 2019, and effective this month, our industrial expansion into Australasia with the purchase of Inenco. And while our European operations performance has impacted our first half results, we believe the challenges for this business are transitory, and we remain 100% confident in the industry fundamentals and longer-term growth prospects for this group, as well as the value it will create as part of our portfolio. In addition to these expansionary initiatives, we have also taken steps to streamline our operations. In 2018, we consolidated our electrical business into motion industry to build a larger, stronger, and more cost-effective industrial business. Effective this year, we consolidated several automotive operations representing our in-house supply network in NAPA to a more efficient North American automotive supply chain. And finally, earlier this year, we divested of our legacy automotive business in Mexico Auto Todo to more effectively focus on the growth potential of our NAPA Mexico model established just a few years ago. Today, we go to market with a strong and cohesive automotive network and enhanced global industrial operation and a re-energized Business Products group. We remain confident in our overall strategy and the additional growth opportunities we continue to pursue across our global platform. Make no mistake; we are not satisfied with our overall results in the quarter. That said, we are confident the plans we are implementing will have a long-term positive impact on our cost structure. Our immediate focus is on the execution of our initiatives to control costs and improve our profitability. While this has been a consistent theme for us throughout our transformation process, and we have had some success through our investments in technology and automotive supply and industrial realignments, we have yet to fully realize the savings we need to outpace the pressures of rising cost and the increase in the spend for necessary investments. So, to this end, we are accelerating our ongoing cost savings plans and developing aggressive expense reduction initiatives to more effectively address our cost structure, drive meaningful savings and ultimately deliver incremental value. The senior leaders across our business and corporate office have been tasked with this mission, and we will be held accountable to work together to execute on plans to eliminate costs, as well as standardize and automate processes while ultimately enhancing our productivity to further support our ongoing growth. As examples, through our early efforts, we have identified opportunities to restructure and consolidate several functional areas and facilities, reducing both personnel and occupancy cost such that we can operate more efficiently and at a lower cost. Clearly, the successful execution of these and other cost initiatives will require some heavy lifting and the focus of our entire organization. In addition to these initiatives, we will also be working to aggressively drive incremental revenue growth capturing a greater share of wallet with our existing customers, securing new business opportunities, driving our digital strategy, and finally, securing additional bolt-on acquisitions will all play a part in delivering an improved topline performance. We have a highly capable management team and anticipate delivering improved results and creating value for our shareholders. We will update the investment community on our action plans and progress in our third quarter earnings call. Thank you for listening, and with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: Great, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question here is from Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro : Yes. Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro : Wanted to start actually with a clarifier, Paul. I may have missed it in the prepared remarks, but could you just share what were European overall comp sales during the second quarter? Did you guys share that in the prepared remarks?
Paul Donahue: Daniel, the comps out of Europe, if you recall Q1, we were down slightly in Europe and in Q2 that deceleration – really it was amplified and our comps in Europe were down closer to 7% to 8% in the quarter.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. Thank you. That’s helpful. And then, just digging into that a little bit deeper, are there certain geographies that are meaningfully weaker than others? Obviously, you noted that Benelux is more resilient. And then, just within that we didn't get much of a winter, but we did get some recent extremely heat, did that drive any uptick? Or how was the cadence through 2Q across Europe?
Paul Donahue: Yes. That’s a great question, Daniel, and as you know, our three primary markets are France, the UK, and Germany. We’ve just entered Benelux, we’re also in Poland. We’ve seen Benelux and Poland have largely escaped some of the downturn we've seen in France, UK, and Germany. The biggest challenge for us in Q2 was France followed by the UK. Germany actually bounced back in Q2. They had a soft first quarter, but actually showed a slight increase in Q2. And I would also – you commented on the recent warmer temps, record high temps in Europe, and what we’ve seen out of the blocks in July and its early, Daniel, but we have seen better sales performance in the month of July and we would attribute some of that certainly to the extreme heat that we've seen in our markets.
Daniel Imbro: Great, thanks. That’s really helpful. 
Paul Donahue: Welcome.
Daniel Imbro: And then, last one for me. Just on the U.S. auto side, you know, weather you noted was disruptive given the rain. Could you maybe quantify what kind of headwinds that was to your business here in the U.S.?
Paul Donahue: Yes. It's hard to say – to pinpoint exactly, Daniel, but look, I think Q2 was just one more reminder for all of us that, you know, the impact that mother nature can have on our business. We were – if you look at the cadence of the quarter, we were – in the U.S. automotive, we were up slightly in April. May was our most difficult month, and certainly when you look at the weather patterns, May was the most challenging weather-related month. It was awfully wet, still cold. And then, we bounced back in June with a much stronger June. So, hard to pinpoint exactly, but we absolutely know it had an impact.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Thanks so much guys, and best of luck.
Paul Donahue : Thank you.
Carol Yancey : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Kate McShane: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. If I can just follow up on the auto part retail comment in question earlier, I was wondering if you could maybe characterize the competitive environment currently just now that we’re a few months in now with the tariffs, are you seeing your competitors [past prices] as well?
Paul Donahue : Yes, that’s a great question. We are – and I'm assuming you're referencing our U.S. automotive business.
Kate McShane : Yes, U.S.
Paul Donahue: Yes, and look, the environment is still very same. We have seen our competitors passing along tariff-related increases much like we have. So, we have not seen any serious disruption in the automotive aftermarket here in the U.S. So, you know, we’re continuing to monitor very closely, but at this point, I think everybody has passed along the increases.
Kate McShane: Okay, thank you. And then, my second question unrelated, I think on the last quarterly call you hosted you were talking about working capital improvement that was starting this year for Europe because you were putting supply chain programs in place. And I just wondered if you could update us on where you are with that and what it contributed in the quarter?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So, we did have – we continue to actually perform quite well. The synergy targets we put in place. We bought Europe a year and a half ago. Those include both procurement synergies and working capital synergies that were right on track for that with working capital being delivered. Having said that, [lot of the way] these terms come in and we’ve got these terms.  While they are negotiated globally, we could see it benefit in the U.S. as it relates to the European suppliers as well. So, we know we have further benefit coming in the second half and that’s contemplated in our guidance. So, Q2 you did necessarily see much of an impact, but we have implied for improvement both in global automotive, including Europe and North America as well, honestly as our industrial business for the second half and that’s contemplated in our guidance.
Kate McShane: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question here is from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys, how are you?
Paul Donahue: Good morning.
Scot Ciccarelli: So, Paul, I guess, I just want to understand kind of the cadence a little bit better, and this is specifically on the U.S. auto side, if April was up just slightly, I’d probably interrupt that, I don’t know, 1% to 2%. I would also assume May was down a couple of points just given how wet it was and what we know it does to the business to get to a 3% comp for the quarter should we assume June was up at least in the mid-single digit range.
Paul Donahue: Absolutely Scot, you’re spot on with your assumptions.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, got it. Do you attribute that to anything, the weather cadence or is there something else that may have happened just so we can kind of understand if there is another influence on that factor?
Paul Donahue: Well, if you go back to my prepared comment Scot, what we saw in the quarter, as we saw in Q1 as well is our DIFM, our commercial business in solid. We continue the good momentum we had in Q1 in our NAPA AutoCare business. We believe we’re grabbing greater share of wallet with our key AutoCare customers. So that business as mentioned in my prepared remarks we’re very pleased with our major account business is positive, which is certainly an improvement over where we were last year. If you think about the impact of the weather Scot, certainly in the month of May that’s probably more, we were more impact on our retail side than our commercial business.
Scot Ciccarelli: And was the gap between DIY and commercial wider this quarter than it has been in recent quarters?
Paul Donahue: Yes, it was.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay, thanks guys.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome.
Carol Yancey: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Horvers from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Chris Horvers: Thanks, good morning everybody.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Horvers: Carol, can you break down the EPS guide change a little bit further? I get the $0.5 for the acquisitions, but you are just thinking about the core emotion business, the core NAPA business, in particularly in the U.S., first is Europe. How did you change the underlying guide in the core businesses ex the acquisitions? Is it effectively lowering for European losses, but at the same time it looks like emotions you know sales outlook is a little lighter for the year considering the acquisition? So, if you could talk us through that that would be really helpful.
Carol Yancey: Sure, I’m happy to. So, starting with automotive first, implied in our Q1 comp, we did moderate probably a half a point or so in Q2. That is in part based on again the U.S. comp was strong at 3%, they were 3.5% for Q1. Europe as Paul mentioned, they are running down mid-single digits through the first half. So, we lowered a bit for Europe. We lowered small amount for U.S. and quite honestly, we have seen some weakness in Australasia. So, we looked at that business more so on their top line. We had a little bit there. So, implied in that automotive there is a slightly lower comp that went into our guidance and then you’re spot on for industrial as well.  What industrial is seeing is that maybe this happened a little sooner. The signals are definitely mixed, but where we had implied comp, you know of maybe 3 to 4 in Q1, we’re looking at more 2 to 3 right now, that is taken into account, the slowing business in our electrical specialties group that we called out in Paul’s comment, a lot of that is due to copper pricing and some of their customer mix, but again we felt it was appropriate to lower just a bit for industrial and then we do see a bit of moderation in some of our operating margins headwinds in the second half, so that was factored in as well. So, that’s kind of walk through on the guidance.
Chris Horvers: Just a couple of questions follow here. So, for the U.S., the kick down for the sort of implied U.S. comp from here, was that solely because of 2Q or did you change your back half outlook?
Carol Yancey: Probably more, a little bit of Q2, but honestly it was very transitory as Paul mentioned. I mean this was weather in Q2 and transitory. We still feel good about our commercial business and a lot of the factors, so really more of a Q2. We are not seeing anything else right now that would give us concern in the second half.
Paul Donahue: Chris, just a tag team on that a little bit. You know, you look at our core for GPC, it’s certainly North American automotive and industrial and we feel good about both of those key business and both add a good first half of the year. We expected everybody has been calling for a significant slow-down on our industrial business in the second of the year and if you follow all the metrics, whether it’s PMI, which has declined significantly from January to June, but then there was a manufacturing number that came out earlier this week, which was very positive.  So, you’re getting mixed signals on the industrial side. So, we’re being a bit cautious, but our motion business is hanging in there and when you look across industrial, I mean you’re looking at 34 straight months of growth in that world. So, we’re feeling pretty good about our two key and core businesses.
Carol Yancey: One final thing, I would just say the operating margin decline for Europe is probably more of a stand out than some of the slight modifications in the U.S. comp or the industrial comp.
Chris Horvers: Just to clarify that, is European auto – could you say it’s operating income loss currently?
Carol Yancey: No, just to be clear, and we talked about this in Q1, the margin decline in automotive margins, we said in Q1, was primarily as a result of Europe with them comping down 1%. To their credit, they in March took action plans and set out full plan for all their countries, and they’re starting to make a lot of progress on those plants, but what happened in Q2 was such – so much more pronounced that it’s really hard for them to, when you are comping down at a higher, as Paul mentioned 7% or 8%, whatever plans you had in place, it’s difficult to see the improvement. We do see some of that coming in the second half or some moderation, so when you look at automotive margins in Q2, we said more than half, it was probably 50 basis points of the 70 basis point decline and again we would expect to see that moderate with the plans they have in place. The teams have done some good job, looking at some consolidation of facilities, looking at some of their head count and some of their restructuring that they’re doing and they’ve got close attention on all these areas. So, they are definitely positive over prior year, it’s just the leverage issue with the poor sales decline.
Chris Horvers: Understood and one last one, just on a follow-up on the tariff question earlier. So, going to 25% now presumably those price increases are passing through now, so is the behavior the same they seem to be passed on very quickly by you and your peers back in September, call it of last year, is the 25 – is there any difference to like, is it being passed on more hesitantly and then how do you think about what maybe the inflation outlook will be for the industry given its move from 10% to 25% for the U.S. NAPA business?
Carol Yancey: Yes, it is a great question. As we kind of look ahead, I think as we, as you spoke to the 25% tariff, we do believe and we know and we’ve already done – have passed those along in many of our businesses and product lines, those went into effect right away, not seeing any issues with passing them along, but having said that our business had been pursuing alternative sourcing as we look to move purchases outside of China, be it Malaysia, India, Vietnam, Mexico, are picking up capacity. In addition, our Chinese sources are also moving some of their capacity from China and that’s going on as well.  So, when we look at the full-year, we will have a more pronounced effect for tariffs in the second half that will be passed through. We expect second half to be approximately 2% for automotive and I think we were 1.2 in the first half. So that will get us to probably a point and a half full-year tariff/inflation for automotive. For business products and office products, it’s going to be something less; it will probably be a half a point for the full-year on tariffs, but their inflation, which includes raw materials, commodities, supplier freight, their inflation will be more like 2% on a full-year basis.
Chris Horvers: That’s super helpful. Best of luck. Thank you.
Paul Donahue : Alright, thanks Chris.
Carol Yancey : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Basham: My first question is to close the loop on the U.S. auto comp trends. You know it saw a nice strengthening in July, you spoke to material improvement in Europe in – I mean you spoke to material improvement in Europe in July, but do you also see a further acceleration or consistent mid-single digit type comp growth in the U.S. in July today?
Paul Donahue: It’s early, yes, Seth. But certainly, I would tell you that the hot, hot temps that we are seeing across the U.S. right now is going to be a real boost for our business. If you think about the NAPA business, we do a significant chunk of business up in the Midwest Central, which will get [I’m sure] somewhere someone will ask about regionality and our trends. Despite all the wet weather, the Midwest Central was our strongest performing business in the quarter. We do a lot of business with farmers and agriculture, and you know, many of these farmers are just now getting out in the field. So, this hot weather will help and we expect to see a boost in our topline in U.S. automotive in Q3.
Seth Basham: Got it. That’s helpful. Any other callouts from our regional performance standpoint for the quarter?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, I mentioned central part of the U.S., Midwest, upper Midwest, but I’m also very pleased to see some strengthening performance in the South, both in the Southwest part of the country, as well as the Southeastern part of the country, both. But we have a – we track [eight] geographical regions except those four would be at the top of the list.
Seth Basham : Fair enough. And turning to margins for the auto business in the U.S., you saw a decline there, I guess, implied by your comments, what's driving that decline? What are you doing to control costs in the U.S. to alleviate that pressure?
Carol Yancey: Yes. And I would mention the other basic point decline in automotive margin is in part Canada and Australasia’s automotive margins and I would tell it’s a little bit of the slowing that we talked about in Australasia. Some of it is timing and definitely expect to see some improvement in the second half for both of those businesses. U.S. was slightly down. It was very minor, so we are really almost running flat U.S. automotive margins, and remember, we’re comping at 3.2% for the six months and we’re getting pretty good leverage, flattish operating margins out of that. But having said that, we’re not going to sit and say that we’re satisfied and we certainly want to improve our SG&A performance. So, there's a number of things that that group is looking at. You know specifically, they are looking at it from a North American automotive standpoint. Paul mentioned facilities and as we look for facilities, its consolidation and rationalization and a number of facilities with automation. In the last six months, we’ve got several facilities both in Canada and the U.S. with [goods to person] conveyor mechanism, [vertical less] modules, things like that mechanized orders that we’re using. Additionally, Paul mentioned functional areas, so think about IT technology, we’re really looking at a digital transformation of our IT infrastructure. So, we can best optimize things like the number of data centers we have, leveraging the cloud, new technologies and networking, back office functions, robotics, sales organizations, leadership, so a number of things that we’re working on as a group.
Paul Donahue: And Seth, I just would tag team on Carol’s comments, you know, you would ask this question of us at our Invest Day as well, and I would tell you that our teams have been really hard at work to reduce our overall cost structure at GPC. We’re – as Carol mentioned, we’re reviewing every aspect of our business. What I would tell you is during our Q3 call and presentation, we’ll be in a much better position to begin to unveil some of those more detailed plans for you.
Seth Basham: Wonderful. Thanks a lot. I look forward to it.
Paul Donahue : You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question if from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning.
Carol Yancey : Good morning.
Bret Jordan : Most of them have been asked, but a couple of cleanups, I guess. The other four regions, could you tell us how the East, Northeast, West and Northwest did?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Happy to, Bret. The – you know, the – most of those guys are in line. Where we looked at our comps, most of our – most of our regions were right in between, you know, on the low side of, you know, 1 to 2 and on the high side up to 4.5% or so. But, you know, the – where we see a bit more challenges are West, and I already mentioned the strength we’re seeing in the Midwest Central Southern parts of the – Southern parts of the country as well. The Northeast despite really bad weather performed just fine and as did the Mid-Atlantic. So, not a huge – you know, sometimes we see really huge disparity amongst the regions, but what I would tell you – that kind of that range narrowed this quarter. The other thing I would mention, Bret, that we did see across all of our divisions is strengthening in our DIFM business and that was consistent amongst all of our – all of our regions, which we are – I mean look, that’s our bread-and-butter and we’re really encouraged to see some of the DIFM initiatives. Our teams have been working so hard on really begin to take hold.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then I guess as we’re looking at Europe, and you’ve call out weather and the economy, I guess could you sort of weight the impact of weather versus the economy and the softness there? And obviously as we get further from winter, have we sort of – have we regionally skewed the performance where weather is less impactful, but some economies are more impactful?
Paul Donahue: You know – so, Bret, we talked about that a little bit on the last call and we had the question earlier about the U.S. weather impact. You know, Bret, it’s really hard to pinpoint exactly. We do know it’s a significant factor. If you back to a year ago, certainly in the UK, they had one of their coldest winters on record followed this year by one of the warmest winters on record. So, it had a significant impact. It’s very difficult to pinpoint an exact number, but I would tell you that with the records heat that we've seen over the last number of weeks, we are seeing an uptick in the business and that’s got us feeling better about our back half prospects in the key markets in which we compete.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome, Bret.
Operator: Your next question is from Elizabeth Suzuki from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Suzuki : Hi, thank you. Just a longer-term question on Europe because you just made another acquisition there, and there's – you know even though you’ve seen some perhaps temporary weakness. Just curious how much of that weakness you think is going to continue to impact your overall results for more than a couple of quarters? And, you know, what the vehicle fleet dynamics are that make it an attractive market for you to be in long-term?
Paul Donahue : Yes. Great question, Liz. We’re still very bullish on the European aftermarket and hence the additional acquisitions that you’ve seen and read about over the last number of weeks. You know if we look at those individually, the one that we just announced yesterday, Todd. Todd is a very strong, heavy-duty truck part supplier in France. They have the 30 plus locations. The combination of Todd along with our existing heavy-duty footprint that we have in France will position us as the Number 1 player. And we’ve seen our heavy-duty business hold up well across all of Europe despite, you know, the slowdown that we’re seeing in the light vehicle market.  So, we feel good about the acquisition of Todd. We feel good about our acquisition of PartsPoint, which is, you know, based in the Netherlands and in Belgium is their stronghold. And again, they've not been as impacted as the – some of the other markets with the slowdown, and, you know, as we look at the European market and the vehicle [part of it], the vehicle part that is similar in size to the U.S., the age demographics are similar. It is incredibly fragmented aftermarket across Europe and we have not lost our excitement about that marketplace for the long term and we think we will be just fine. The issues we are faced with right now, less we believe are largely transitory and we’ll get past them as we go through the second half of the year.
Carol Yancey: And Liz one other thing about the margin. The team has done a tremendous job and Europe is very impactful from a global procurement synergy. So, when you look at our gross margin results and the overall improvement in margin and where we are tracking to our synergies with Europe, again that volume is impactful for us, it’s really the opportunities they have with some SG&A as they work through this core sales decline. So, longer-term we see that working its way out.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay, that’s very helpful. And just one more quick one. What age do vehicles typically enter your addressable market in Europe? Is it similar to the U.S. or is the sweet spot a little bit different?
Paul Donahue: No, it’s similar Liz. When the vehicles are going out of warranty and those warranties are very similar in Europe as they are in the U.S. The other thing I would mention about, the European market is there is very little to almost no retail business. So, DIFM really rules the aftermarket in European. So, very similar to the U.S., I would mention, now that we’re on the European market, one of the initiatives that will be launched in the second half of the year is to launch our NAPA private brand in Europe and we’ve got plans in place to launch it in the UK in three key product categories, and we think that’s going to give our team a real boost in the second half of the year.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. Thanks very much.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Montani from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to add some extra clarity if I could around the U.S. comp trajectory, I’m sorry if I had missed this, but did you provide with the overall commercial and then DIY comps were in the quarter?
Paul Donahue: We did not provide that Mike for the quarter. I would tell you that both DIFM and DIY were positive and I would also tell you that DIFM significantly outperformed our DIY business in the quarter.
Michael Montani: Okay, and then if I heard correctly, I think you said there was a 3% U.S. comp in auto, but then more like a 2.3% total growth there, was there store closures or other rationalization there that could have caused that?
Paul Donahue: Yes and that was a good catch, much likely we talked about it in the first quarter and I guess it’s a little unusual to see comps outpacing total, but that was the case in Q2 and you’re right, our total U.S. comp were up 3% and what we’re pleased with Mike that’s our fourth consecutive quarter of 3% plus comp. We did have store closures that were up against, we had I believe about 40 plus that were not in our mix in 2019, but that’s an ongoing part our business, and where we have underperforming stores whether they are company owned or independent owned, we’re going to move and that’s the necessary part of the business. I would tell you that we see that, even though that was a factor in Q1 and Q2, we see that trend really slowing in the second half of the year.
Michael Montani: Thanks. And then if I could on traffic and ticket, I heard 1.2% from tariffs, was the ticket basically the same so that traffic was up over 1.5% to drive this through the year?
Paul Donahue: Well what I would tell you Mike is that, again we saw our average basket and average ticket was up significantly year-over-year, close to 4%, up year-over-year; unfortunately, what we saw this quarter, which was a bit of reversals over the last 2 or 3 quarters is we saw our foot traffic down just a bit, and honestly we attribute that to some of the inclement weather that we saw, you know when you have as much rain as we saw in late April and May even into early June, that’s going to – unfortunately it’s going to impact the foot traffic we see in our stores and so that was an impact in Q2.
Michael Montani: The last thing I had was on the U.S. EBIT margin if I heard correctly for automotive was maybe down slightly even with that 3.2 comp, and so I was just trying to reconcile the because with the total company gross is up 85 bips plus and I think automotive was one of the stronger ones, if you can just help us understand and parse that out?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So, again, we’ve talked about, and you’re right, the U.S. automotive team has done a terrific job on the gross margin and we are really pleased in this inflationary and tariff environment to be able to protect and maintain our gross margin percentage pass those through, and also have this quarter improvement in gross margin.  The things we talked about in SG&A and some of it I call out is our increased level of investment, these things that we’re doing with facilities and automation and technology, digital investment, pricing investments you see our elevated CapEx, we’ve talked about IT spend, cyber security, those things are all weighing on their SG&A. We actually, when we look at payroll and freight, where we were a year ago with payroll and freight is, I mean, I think I remember this call a year ago, pay roll was up 6% in year-to-date and year ago freight was up low double digits. They are sitting more like 2% to 3% in payroll and 6% to 7% for freight. So, those things have moderated and that’s helped, but we still have the cost of some of these investments that is in our SG&A. So, they should be second half again if comps continue around 3%, we should see that be similar and hopefully maybe a bit better in the second half.
Michael Montani: Great. Thanks so much.
Paul Donahue: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Our next question here is from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted the part you left off on, are you assuming 3% in the back half? Wasn't sure that was a good tongue slip or something?
Carol Yancey: U.S. comps?
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes.
Carol Yancey: That’s fair, yes.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. That’s helpful. And then I wanted to dig in on margins a little bit. In Europe, it’s roughly 20% of your business that’s only 50 basis point decline, and that would imply European margins were down 250 bips. If I recall the accounting and business structure in France is a little bit different from the rest of Europe. So, it sounds like a lot better than 200 basis points decline last quarter given that the weakening macro environment is on Q2. Let’s try to understand if France was a disproportionate impact of that margin decline, if any way you can contextualize that would be helpful?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I mean, we're not going to get into exact specifics on that, but you heard Paul say, France was one of the toughest markets in Q2, and from a number of factors in the quarter that was a difficult market and it was a difficult comp for them. Again, that team has a number of things in place that they’re looking at and we should hope to see some of those things take effect. We do think, and we’ve modelled for to this, that what we saw in the first half of the year, the impact on margins does moderate in the second half and that’s because of some of the things that are putting in place, but France was a disproportionate number.
Chris Bottiglieri: That's helpful. And then free cash flow, I think you kind of touched this on the prepared comments, but it looks like you cut the free cash flow guide at $100 million. The EPS cut was I know just backing into [with price or EBITDA] seems a lot less. So, trying to get a sense as CapEx going up relative to the plan, is it all working capital, are there more like cash non-GAAP items driving that, just any way you can contextualize the cut of free cash flow would be helpful?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So, I think, I mean you’re right. We modified it slightly, maybe around 100 million. I would say it’s more around working capital. The timing of when these terms come. So, let's say we have terms with our supplier that are 180 days and then we negotiate it to be 240 days or we negotiate to 360, we don't see that for another six months. So, the timing of some of the working capital is what went into that. So that was really – and there were some slight changes in some of the other categories, but mostly working capital. CapEx, we looked at $300 million, which is what it's been the whole time.
Chris Bottiglieri : Got you. Okay. And then final one is like positive question. This industry is historically very dissensitive, a cyclical. I understand like initially, there's economic weakness in Europe and a lot of other factors that are transitory that you're dealing with. But is there any way to look at your data internally and tell you how did the European business perform on a same branch basis, compared to how your U.S. business performed in the last downturn? Just trying to get a sense for like does this get better or soon? Or this because it's defensive and like this cyclicality that we're seeing today maybe goes away even if European growth kind of stays where it is. Any way to contextualize, that would be helpful?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Chris, I'll take a shot at it. Look, we do believe it's going to get better. The European marketplace, as I mentioned to an earlier question is very similar in nature. The aftermarket is very similar in nature to the U.S. aftermarket. And I think what we saw, which was a bit unprecedented in Q2, as we talk to our senior management team, who you've met, Chris, they've been running that business for 30 years in Europe and what they saw in Q2, they have not seen in all the time they've been running that business. It was a confluence of events. Certainly, the slowdown in the economy. Some of the geopolitical issues with Yellow Vests and disruptions around that coupled with an incredibly mild winter and all of those factors unfortunately hit us at once and led to a really soft quarter for the team. We don't see that as a long-term situation, and certainly, we'll – we're certainly expecting that to improve in the second half of the year and well into 2020.
Carol Yancey: And I think one final thing. We think we will see improvements from their cost initiatives and as well as the integration of their acquisitions, too, as we look ahead, which will help offset this.
Chris Bottiglieri : Got you. Makes sense. Alright, thank you for the time.
Paul Donahue : Thanks, Chris.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's call. We appreciate your support and interest in Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you at our Q3 call. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company first quarter 2019 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2019. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website.  Today's call also may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, I will turn the call over to Paul for his remarks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid. Good morning and thank you for joining us for our 2019 first quarter conference call. Earlier today, we released our first quarter 2019 results. I will make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights across our businesses. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2019. After that, we'll open the call to your questions. To recap our first quarter performance across our global platform, total sales were $4.7 billion, up 3.3% from Q1 of 2018, driven by 3.3% comp sales increase and a 2% benefit from strategic acquisitions, net of a 2% headwind from foreign currency translation. Net income in the first quarter was $160 million and earnings per share were $1.09. Excluding the impact of currency losses and transaction and other costs related to the sale of Auto Todo, one of our two automotive parts businesses in Mexico, adjusted net income was $187 million, or $1.28 per share, up 1% from adjusted EPS in Q1 of 2018. Overall, our sales and earnings were in line with our plan for the first quarter, which assumed a stronger currency headwind than we were expecting for the full year, as well as one less selling day relative to Q1 last year. In addition, as discussed in our year-end call, our plans accounted for the sale of the Auto Todo business. We can report we've successfully closed on the sale of this business in the month of March. We are pleased to report another quarter of positive sales comps across each of our business segments, while also benefiting from the favorable impact of ongoing strategic acquisitions. Our sales performance was indicative of the continued improvement in our U.S. automotive business. And the steady growth we continue to generate in our Australasian and Canadian operations. Our strength in these areas offset the pressure on our core automotive results in Europe related to mild winter weather and broad economic and political considerations. In addition, our industrial business remain strong and we made further progress in stabilizing the business products group. Turning to a review of our business segment, total sales in our Global Automotive Group were up 2.3%. This includes a 3.1% comp sales increase and a 2.9% benefit from acquisitions. This was partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency translation of 3.4% along with the impact from the sale of Auto Todo. Breaking it down further, sales for our U.S. automotive division were up 2.5% in the first quarter, with comp sales at 3.5%. This marks our fourth consecutive quarter of improved sales comps and reflects the continued strengthening of the U.S. automotive aftermarket, as well as the effective execution of our ongoing initiatives to drive both DIFM and DIY sales growth. To sum it up, we believe the aftermarket has benefited from a second consecutive normalized winter and ongoing sound fundamentals. These positive factors led to improved sales growth with both our commercial and retail customers. Sales to the DIFM segment, which represents 75% to 80% of our total U.S. automotive sales were driven by improved results across our primary commercial programs, both NAPA AutoCare Centers and major accounts. NAPA AutoCare is an industry leading commercial program for our independent repair customers and a key sales driver for us. We entered 2019 with over 18,000 members and sales to NAPA AutoCare Center customers were up 5% in the first quarter, following approximately 3.5% growth in 2018, and the strongest growth for this program since the first quarter of 2016. In addition, sales to our major account partners were up 2.2% in the quarter. This improvement follows basically flat year-over-year sales in 2018, and represents the strongest quarterly sales performance for this group in three years. Major accounts, which include fleet and government customers, national tire centers, and OE dealers among others, are a large and important customer segment for us. And the positive sales trend with these accounts is significant. We want to recognize our NAPA AutoCare and our major account teams for their hard work in driving growth with these key customers. We're also pleased with the positive sales results in our retail business as the initiatives such as the NAPA rewards program, which has now reached 10 million members strong and still growing, expanded store hours across our network and our retail impact store project, continue to make a difference and drive steady growth. With the rollout of the retail impact initiative completed in our company owned stores, these stores are outperforming and driving stronger retail sales growth than in our independent. So as we look ahead to the multi-year implementation of this initiative in our independent NAPA stores, which we began in 2018, we see opportunities to drive additional retail sales through our NAPA network in the period ahead. Turning to NAPA Canada, we took advantage of mid-single digit comp sales and the added benefit of accretive tuck-in acquisitions to produce another quarter of solid results. We were especially encouraged by the step up in comp sales relative to last year, and importantly this converted to improved operating profit. So our Canadian operations are performing well, and we expect to build on this trend in the quarters ahead. As I mentioned earlier, we closed down the sale of Auto Todo, our legacy automotive business in Mexico. This business generated $100 million in annual revenues, and was not a significant contributor to our overall profitability.  Going forward, our focus will be on expanding our presence in Mexico under the NAPA banner. In Europe, the first quarter presented a challenging sales environment due to the combined impact of a mild winter across most of the regions which we operate. The continued disruption of business associated with Brexit concerns in the UK, social unrest in France and the overall softening economic environment. While these factors pressured our core automotive growth in Europe, AAG’s acquisition activity more than offset the decrease in comp sale. 2018 acquisitions such as TMS and Platinum in the UK, and the Hennig Group acquired in Q1 which expands our presence in Germany have been accretive to our sales and earnings, and we're excited to have these businesses as a part of our AAG operations. In March, we also announced the acquisition of PartsPoint Group in the Netherlands, which we expect to close on in June of this year. PartsPoint is a leading supplier of automotive parts and accessories in the Benelux marketplace, with a network of one national distribution center, six regional warehouses and 147 branches. This new business is an excellent strategic fit for AAG and we're excited for the opportunities we see in the Netherlands and Belgium. We expect PartsPoint to generate estimated annual revenues of $330 million and we look forward to welcoming CEO and Managing Director, Cor Baltus and the entire PartsPoint team to the AAG and GPC family. So, despite the current challenges we face in Europe, our team is fully prepared to push through these near-term issues via the continued execution of their growth plans, and cost savings initiatives. We remain confident in the growth potential we see for our European operations over the longer term. In Australia and New Zealand, we produced another quarter of steady growth, with low to mid-single digit sales increases for both total and comp sales. We're also pleased that the Asia-Pac team further improved on their operating results. This business unit continues to operate very well. And with the backdrop of economic stability and sound aftermarket fundamentals, we expect to see additional growth in our Australasian automotive business in the quarters ahead. In summary, our global Automotive Group posted solid overall results in the first quarter, despite the slowing we experienced in our core automotive business in Europe. Our team in Europe has initiated plans to address these concerns and we move forward with expectations for additional sales growth and operating improvement over the balance of the year. Turning to our Industrial Parts Group, this business continued its long run of consistent sales increases, with first quarter sales of $1.6 billion, up 5.7% including 4.2% comp sales growth, plus a 1.8% benefit of acquisitions, which was partially offset by a slight currency headwind. As a reminder, our recent acquisitions include the October 2018 addition of a hydraulic supply company, a fluid power distributor, in the March addition of Axis Automation, a leading automation in robotics business that further expands our capabilities in the area of industrial plant floor automation. Overall, our Q1 results were driven by the effective execution of our growth initiatives and the generally favorable economic and industry specific factors, which continue to benefit the industrial marketplace. As we move forward, we remain focused on our key growth initiatives and those factors we control to drive additional sales and earnings growth. Looking at our product and industry sector sales performance, 13 and 14 major product groups posted sales gains, with especially strong results in the material handling and hose and pumps category. Additionally, 9 of the top 12 industries where we compete had sales increases consistent with last quarter, highlighted by strong growth in the iron and steel, automotive, aggregate and cement and fabricated metal product sectors for the second consecutive quarter. Offsetting these positive results were softer sales and the electrical specialties group. And our team is working hard to improve the sales performance for this group going forward. As we look to the balance of the year, we remain confident in the growth outlook for our North American industrial business. In addition, we are excited for the opportunity to expand our industrial footprint into Australasia later this year, as we expect to acquire the balance of Inenco. This Australian based industrial distribution company has operations in New Zealand, as well as a growing presence in Indonesia and Singapore. In 2017, GPC made a 35% investment in Inenco and they have performed extremely well, while growing both top and bottom-line for past two years. Inenco's current annual sales are approximately $400 million and the business is a solid strategic fit with motion industries. Aligning well with our global supplier base, and providing for a market leading presence in Australasia, Indonesia, and Singapore. We will wrap up our business unit updates with S.P Richards, our Business Products Group. We have been pleased to stabilize this business over the last two quarters. In Q1, sales were up 1% for both total sales and comp sales. This marks the third consecutive quarter of positive comp sales, driven by improved sales in three of our four product categories, including positive results in core office supplies, technology and facilities and safety supplies category. Most encouraging is our sales to our independent reseller, national account and internet reseller customers, which were all positive. We believe that our growth and these product categories and customer channels reflect the opportunities we have to further grow the business, as the only independent national business products wholesaler in the U.S. We will continue to invest in these growth opportunities where and when appropriate. So that is a recap of our consolidated and business segment results for the first quarter of 2019. As stated earlier, we are pleased to report results that were in line with our plans for the quarter. And we are confident that the progress we made in Q1 will set us up for a successful 2019 and an even brighter future for GPC over the longer term. With that, I'll hand it over to Carol for her remarks. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will begin with a review of our key financial information and then we will provide our updated outlook for 2019. Our total sales of $4.7 billion in the first quarter were up 3.3%, driven by improved sales in each of our business segments. Our gross margin for the quarter was 31.8% compared to 31.3% in 2018, with the improvement in margin relating to several factors. Primarily the increase reflects higher margins in our automotive and industrial businesses due to their ongoing margin initiatives, including global supplier negotiations, more flexible and sophisticated pricing strategies and favorable product mix. In addition, the increase in supplier incentives due to improved volumes for these segments also had a positive impact on gross margins. In the Business Products Group, our gross margin was pressured due to unfavorable shifts in product and customer mix. Moving forward we continue to expect our 2019 gross margin rate to remain relatively in line with our current run rate, assuming reasonable inflation of 1% to 2% and consistent levels of volume incentives. The pricing environment remain inflationary across our businesses in the first quarter with tariff price increases for raw materials, commodities and supplier freight each having an impact on our total costs. We continue to pass along our price increases to customers to protect our gross profit dollars and to maintain our gross margin wherever the market conditions will allow. And we would say that the current levels of inflation have been a net positive to our results. We expect this to continue through the balance of 2019. Our supplier price increases thus far in 2019 have impacted our purchases by one half of 1% in automotive, 1.2% in industrial and 2% in office. Turning to our SG&A, these expenses were $1.2 billion in the first quarter and represents 25.3% of sales. These operating costs were up from last year as a result of several factors including the effect of rising costs in areas such as payroll, freight and delivery, IT and cyber security, as well as the loss of leverage on our expenses in Europe related to the slowdown in their core sales. To offset these and other increases, we continue to work towards a lower costs, but highly effective infrastructure in the quarters ahead. Our plans include steps to effectively integrate our acquisitions to drive facility consolidations, productivity solutions, and other initiatives that will drive efficiencies across all our operations. We expect to benefit from these initiatives and other cost control measures across our operations in the quarters ahead. Moving down the income statement, we would point you to the other non-operating expenses line. The change in this line primarily reflects the $27 million realized currency loss related to the divestiture of Auto Todo as noted earlier. Now let's discuss the results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the first quarter was $2.6 billion, up 2.3% from the prior year, and our operating profit of $179 million was down 3%, with an operating margin is 6.8% compared to 7.2% margin in the first quarter of 2018. So while we're seeing improvement on our gross margin line, we continue to be impacted by the rising costs. And we were also impacted by the deleveraging of expenses in Europe.  With that said, several of our automotive operations produced improved operating results in the quarter and we expect to see more improvement in the periods ahead. Our industrial sales were $1.6 billion in the quarter, a solid 6% increase from Q1 of 2018. Our operating profit of $121 million is up 8% and our operating margin improved to 7.4% from 7.2% last year, with the 20 basis point increase due to gross margin expansion and the ability to leverage their expenses. The industrial business has been operating well for nine consecutive quarters and remain strong as we head into the second quarter. Our business products revenues were $479 million, up 1% from the prior year and their operating profit of $21 million is 4.4% of sales, which is down slightly from 2018. We've been pleased to stabilize this business over the last few quarters and we're working hard to improve their operating results. Our total company operating profit in the first quarter was up 1% on a 3% sales increase, and our operating profit margin was 6.8% compared to 6.9% last year. This follows two consecutive quarters of margin expansion and we are planning for improved margins again in the quarters ahead. We had net interest expense of $23 million in the first quarter, which was flat from the first quarter of the prior year. Looking ahead, we continue to expect net interest expense to hold steady and to be in the $91 million to $93 million range for the full year. Our total amortization expense was $23 million for the first quarter, and for 2019 we expect full year amortization of approximately $92 million. Depreciation expense was $39 million and the first quarter and we continue to expect depreciation of $170 million to $180 million for the year. On a combined basis, we expect depreciation and amortization to be in the range of $260 million to $270 million for 2019. Continuing with the segment information presented in our press release the other line which primarily represents our corporate expense was $64 million in the first quarter, which includes $34 million in transaction and other costs related to the sale of Auto Todo. Excluding these costs, our corporate expense was $30 million, which is a slight improvement from 2018 when we adjust for the $13 million in transaction and other costs that was reported last year. For 2019, we continue to expect our corporate expense to be in the $125 million to $135 million range. Our tax rate for the first quarter was 24.2%, which is an increase from the 23% rate in the prior year, but likely our lowest quarterly rate for the year. For the full year we continue to expect our 2019 tax rate to be approximately 25%. Now let's turn to the balance sheet which remains in strong and excellent condition. Our accounts receivable of 2.7 billion is up 4% from the prior year, and this compares to our 3.3% sales increase for the first quarter. We remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at March 31 was $3.7 billion, which was down 2% from March of last year. This improvement reflects the positive impact of our current initiatives to improve the inventory levels in our core businesses and we remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Our accounts payable of $4.1 billion is up 8%, due mainly to the increase in purchasing volume, as well as the benefit of improved payment terms with key global partners. At March 31st, our AP to inventory ratio stands at 110%. Our total debt of $3.4 billion at March 31, is up slightly from the $3.3 billion in 2018. We remain comfortable with our current debt structure, and we have a strong balance sheet and the financial capacity to support our future growth initiatives and our ongoing priorities for effective capital allocation. In the first quarter, we generated $62 million in cash from operations and for 2019, we continue to expect $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion in cash from operations. And free cash flow, which excludes capital expenditures and the dividend to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million. These estimates are in line with the solid cash flows generated last year and continue to support our ongoing priorities for the use of cash which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our key priorities for cash remain reinvestment in our businesses, share repurchases, strategic acquisitions and the dividend. Regarding the dividend, 2019 marks our 63rd consecutive annual increase for the dividend paid to our shareholders. Our dividend of $3.05 represented a 6% increase from 2018 and is approximately 54% of our 2018 adjusted earnings, which is in line with our targeted payout ratio. We invested $46 million in capital expenditures in the first quarter of 2019, which was up from $32 million in 2018. This reflects the planned increase in our investment in areas such as technology and productivity in our facilities. And for the full year, we continue to plan for capital expenditures in the range of $300 million. Regarding our share repurchase program, we currently have 16.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. Thus far in 2019, we have not made any purchases under the program as we have been active with other investment opportunities, such as M&A and capital expenditures.  Moving forward, we expect to be active in the program as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. Now let's discuss our current outlook for 2019. We are reaffirming our full year 2019 sales and earnings guidance established in February. Our outlook is based on several factors, including our performance in the first quarter, our current growth plans and initiative and the market conditions we see for the foreseeable future across our operations. In addition, we took into account the impact of a strong U.S. dollar and continue to estimate a 1% currency headwind for the full year. Although we do expect this to be greater than 1% again in the second quarter, which is similar to the first quarter. Finally, our outlook account for one additional selling day in the third quarter relative to 2018 to make up for the one less selling day in the first quarter this year. With these factors in mind, we reaffirm our outlook for total sales in 2019 of plus 3% to plus 4%, or plus 4% to plus 5% before the 1% headwind from currency translations. As is customary, this guidance excludes the benefit of any future acquisitions. By business, we continue to guide to plus 2.5% to plus 3.5% sales growth for the automotive segment, or plus 4.5% to plus 5.5% before the impact of an approximate 2% currency headwind, plus 5% to plus 6% total sales growth for our Industrial segment, and flat total sales for our Business Products segment. On the earning side, we expect diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.56 to $5.71, which accounts for the transaction and other costs incurred in the first quarter. We're also reiterating our outlook for adjusted earnings per share of $5.75 to $5.90, or $5.81 to $5.96, before the impact of the 1% currency headwind. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes any first quarter as well as any future transaction or other costs. We are optimistic that our management teams have the plans and initiatives in place to show additional progress in 2019, and to successfully operate through the near-term challenges in Europe, as well as the potential for a slowing industrial economy. We remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our broad and growing business platform, which provides us with the same long-term growth opportunities. So that completes our financial update. And we're pleased to report results that were in line with our plans for the quarter. And we made progress in several important areas that better position us for the future.  Paul, I'll turn it back over to you. 
Paul Donahue : Thanks, Carol. We entered 2019 excited for the opportunity to build on the positive momentum generated last year. And for the first quarter, we were pleased to report accomplishments in a number of areas.  Our total sales and earnings were in line with our plan. Our teams produce positive sales comp in each of our business segments; we experienced the continued strengthening of our U.S. automotive business; we reported another quarter of consistent and steady growth in our Canadian and Australasian automotive businesses, our industrial business remain strong and continues to perform well; we further stabilized our results in our Business Products Group; we closed on two accretive acquisitions, Hennig Group for the automotive business and Axis in industrial. We closed on the sale of our legacy Auto Todo business in Mexico. And finally, we announced entry into the Benelux region of Europe with the addition of PartsPoint Group planned for June of 2019. We enter the second quarter of 2019 focused on further strengthening of our global platform, driving consistent and sustainable sales growth and improving our operating results. We plan to support these objectives with a strong balance sheet, strong cash flows, and effective capital allocation. We believe our continued focus in these areas will create significant value for our shareholders as we move forward through the year. These are exciting times to Genuine Parts Company and we're optimistic for the future and the additional growth opportunities we see across all of our businesses. As always, we look forward to updating you on our progress when we report again. So with that, we'll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
Carol Yancey: And before we turn to Q&A this morning we want to mention that we're going to have our inaugural Investor Day at GPC's headquarters in Atlanta on Tuesday, June 4th. We will also have a store tour and reception beginning on the afternoon of June 3rd. This event is for institutional investors and analysts and will be a great opportunity to hear from our business leaders. If you're interested in joining us or have any questions, please email us at investor_day@genpt.com. Operator, please continue. Our first question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning. 
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Chris. 
Christopher Horvers: Can you -- just first that clarification the 3.5% U.S. that includes a headwind for one less day or that excludes that headwind?
Paul Donahue: Yes, that includes Chris. 
Christopher Horvers: So it would have been 4.0 ex-that, is that right?
Carol Yancey: Well, we would give -- we would say it's about 1.5%, 1.6% for the shorter day in the quarter. So probably more like a 5% on an average day basis.
Christopher Horvers: Average daily basis. Got it. And then in terms of -- I want to dig in a little bit on the cadence both in the U.S. business, U.S. NAPA business, as well as in Motion. So maybe first on the U.S., the U.S. NAPA business, was there a lot of noise around tax refunds or weather in February, how would you describe the overall cadence of the business? And then on Motion, you did a six in the fourth quarter, which decelerated pretty sharply. How would you describe sort of cadence to that business, and then how you're thinking about that going forward?
Paul Donahue : Yes. So we'll start with U.S. automotive Chris, and pleased to report that business got stronger as the quarter progress. So, January soft out of the gates a little bit with a warmer first half of January polar vortex kicked in, in the second half and we’ve really took off from there, we had a good February and a better March for the automotive parts business. On the industrial side, pretty consistent and one thing I'd point out Chris, when you mentioned the slowdown. The industrial business if you break out just the core motion business, that business was up 7% in the quarter which is pretty consistent with where we've been the last really two plus years. The Motion business, as you look at the average daily sales really good January, softened a bit in February and then rebounded nicely again in March.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then typically if you could just maybe share some light on April and refresh on what the U.S. NAPA business look like last year from a cadence perspective, in 2Q I think that some of the more DIY-oriented auto parts retailers out there talked about, April being pretty tough because of the weather last year. Is that something that you experienced and could you share any comments on how things are trending now?
Paul Donahue : Well, Chris, there's not a lot we can say at this point about Q2. The one thing I would mention then and we always end up talking a good bit about weather on these calls. Blizzard in early April are necessarily great for the automotive parts business where we're ready to get into the spring selling season break fees. And so it's early yet, but look, what we're encouraged mostly about Chris is the turnaround we're seeing in our U.S. automotive business. We have new leadership in place, we've seen steady improvement over the past few quarters. The weather has certainly normalized with the exception of what we saw in early April. Industry fundamentals continue to be really sound and we're seeing nice improvements in our -- both our AutoCare and our major account business on the DIFM side. So, lot to be encouraged about as it relates to our U.S. automotive business.
Christopher Horvers: Super, have the great rest of the year, guys.
Paul Donahue : Thanks, Chris. 
Carol Yancey:  Thanks, Chris. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Scot Ciccarelli : Good morning, guys.
Paul Donahue : Good morning. 
Scot Ciccarelli : Hi. Sounds like there's a lot of moving pieces on the auto side that impacted EBIT margins. Can you provide some more color specifically on what you saw with the U.S. auto margins, please?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so as it relates to our automotive margins, and we kind of as we talked about in our comments, we have seen continued improvement from our automotive gross margins and that would be across the board and also include U.S. automotive. So gross margins has been improved for all of last year. We're running on probably six or seven quarters. When we look at our U.S. SG&A, little bit of headwinds there that we've called out before, but what I would tell you is they were more flattish. And so we had improved margins for Canada, for Australasia, flattish for U.S., and as we mentioned, with kind of a loss of leverage for Europe that's where we really saw the pressure in our automotive margins.
Scot Ciccarelli : So just to be very specific, so flat U.S. EBIT margins, is that basically what the message is? 
Carol Yancey: Yes. 
Scot Ciccarelli : Got it. Okay. And then can you clarify your comment regarding inflation, when you talk about your costs of goods change that you already highlighted for the different categories, is that all the flow through? Because I thought the expectation was a little bit higher inflation than what you pointed out specifically on the auto side?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so what I commented on is the price increases we've received thus far in Q1 on our purchases. And when we look forward, what our full year expectations are, we would say for automotive, for example, they were only up half a point in Q1. And some of that is flowing through to the sales line, and obviously, for all of our businesses. But as you know, the timing and the way that that can be passed through, you're probably getting more like half of that benefit that's flowing through on the top line. But our full year inflation expectations for automotive would be more like 1% to 1.25% on a full year basis. And then for industrial and business products, probably more like a 2%.
Scot Ciccarelli : Got it. Okay. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. A couple of clerical ones upfront. What was the difference between the U.S. auto up 2.5% and the comp 3.5%, did you close doors or something else that caused that spread?
Paul Donahue: Well, it's a combination of things, Chris, your comment of closed stores is accurate from a year ago. But there's also consolidation of stores, as well as stores that we sold off. So if you go back a year ago from Q1, it was about -- the impact was about 60 stores that were -- that would fall in one of those buckets of consolidated closed or sold. And that was the explanation for the difference in the comp versus total.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That's really helpful. Okay. And then Easter. So last year, Easter was like a combined one point headwind for the Northeaster [ph] and the Easter shift. So what I understand how much you think you benefit of this quarter from Easter? And then similarly, what do you think the headwind will be for Q2 as we kind of think through the cadence?
Paul Donahue: Yes, so Chris last year. I believe our comment was it was about a half point. And we feel that's about what we've picked up in Q1 of this year. So as we look at April falling in -- or Easter falling into April, we would expect it to be about the same.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay, got you. Okay. And then my first real question, I know this is a lot. But -- so Europe, I guess, one key quantify, that you are going to grow, I don’t think you've done that yet. And then two, if I'm following the call correctly, Europe's about 20% of your automotive sales or it sounds like it drove that 40 basis points margin decline. So is that right that 20% of your business drove a 40 basis points decline?
Paul Donahue: Well, let me comment on your first question on the overall comp. I think you asked that did you not Chris for Europe.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes, for Europe, please. That will be really helpful. The comp in the prior acquisitions.
Paul Donahue: Yes, so our total sales were up high-single digits in Europe, which was largely driven by acquisitions if you go back and look pure organic, and that would be between the UK, France and Germany. Our organic would be down about 1% year-over-year.
Carol Yancey: And just a comment on the automotive margins, as we've mentioned before, our European business does carry a higher operating margin than what the total number is. So there's 1% comp decline and knowing that we really can't leverage on that. And look, our teams have got plans in place to address that over the balance of the year. But how quickly that happened in the quarter and then being able to react to it did drive the basis point decline in the quarter. But again, we're working hard to turn that around over the balance of the year. And I would tell you in the balance of the year, we would expect to show margin improvement on a full year basis of more in the magnitude of 10 to 15 basis points for both automotive and in total.
Paul Donahue: Chris, just an additional comment or two about Europe since you raised the question. We see the issues that we're facing there, which I think a number of companies are facing is largely transitory. And you've couple some of the economic what we believe are short-term challenges with the fact that in our markets between the UK, France and Germany they literally had no winter weather. And just as we see here, we never talk about the weather in Europe, but just as it impacts our U.S. automotive business that had a huge impact on our European business. So few short-term challenges, but ones that we believe are largely transitory and we'll get by.
Chris Bottiglieri: That makes a lot of sense. Good luck. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. Thanks, guys. From a foreign exchange standpoint, when do you think the year-over-year impact starts to reverse or improve, because you're only expecting about a 1% headwind for the year and it was a 2% headwind this quarter. So, do you think there's a risk to the 2019 outlook if foreign exchange plays out somewhat differently than the way you're modeling?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so a couple comments, as we mentioned earlier, we do expect you to be very similar to Q1. So definitely a greater impact in Q2 at a similar rate as it was in Q1. So we would expect to see it a little bit better for Q3 and Q4. We based our guidance and we've modeled that full year 1% based on the rate that we started with at the beginning of the year. As we look ahead, we think that's still appropriate, but obviously we'll continue to keep an eye on that over the balance of the year.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay, great. And how quickly can you adjust pricing or anything else or your contracts to offset factors like both the supply or price increases or foreign exchange and when there are a rapid changes, is it a three months impact or six months? Like how long is that usually an impact on your earnings?
Carol Yancey: Yes, look I would say our teams have done a really good job in the gross margin area, and we're balancing a lot of things that are coming in. So with having more of an inflationary environment has given us an opportunity to drive a little bit of lift in our gross margins. We are balancing any currency impact that comes into there. And then, as we look at what our pricing constraints may be, we also look at pricing opportunities. As we've mentioned before, both our automotive team and industrial teams are doing a lot around pricing, data analytics, their pricing strategy and being more nimble and being able to react quicker.  So, we are obviously looking at that as it relates to the market and the competitive environment. But again, if we just look at our gross margin, we feel like we've done a pretty good job of getting those pass through.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great, thank you. 
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Bret Jordan: Good morning, guys. 
Carol Yancey: Good morning. 
Bret Jordan: On the European business I guess, could you sort of bucket what was winter versus the economic issues you referenced maybe as far as impact?
Paul Donahue: It's hard to say Bret, how it splits out between the two both are certainly impactful. I would say though, if you were to ask me, which was more impactful in the quarter. I would say it was the weather. And, look the European economy has not been the greatest in the last few quarters. So the outlier is that really, really warm weather they had in Q1 that really impacted the business, especially as it relates to a lot of our winter goods category categories that were impacted greatly in the quarter. So hard to break it down specifically, but if you were to ask me, I'd say weather was more impactful than some of the economic issues.
Bret Jordan: So how is the cadence, I guess, is the cadence stabilizing or did it improve as the quarter went as you got out of the cold weather selling season or is it just continuing to drag?
Paul Donahue: It was pretty flat throughout the quarter. I mean, pretty straightforward. You've heard me mentioned earlier, our total sales in Europe are up high-single digit, our comps were down one which were pretty consistent through the three month period.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then, Carol, as far as payables in Europe, how you find the ability to manage the working capital over there with a few deals done now?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so great question. And we still continue to believe and are pleased to see some improvement in our synergies, both from margin initiatives and on the payable side. So in working with a lot of our global suppliers, we do have programs that have been put in place, we have additional terms that have been negotiated, those will be falling more in the second half of the year. And that's actually been factored into our working capital guidance that we've given. So those are actually coming along quite well. And there's even an offset that comes to the U.S. where we're getting some improved terms based on European supplier relationships. So it actually works on both sides.
Bret Jordan: Great. And then, Paul, one last question on U.S. auto, could you comment on any major regional dispersion that either outperformance or underperformance in the U.S.?
Paul Donahue: Yes, much like Q4, Bret, the strength and not surprisingly is those cold weather region. So our best performing region again in Q1 was our Midwest team who had just an outstanding quarter followed right closely by our Central Division and our Mountain Division also had a very strong quarter. Northeast was good. And then trailing those four northern divisions would be our southern businesses, which were flat to down -- or flat to up low-single digit, good business but certainly the outliers were the strong performance in our northern divisions.
Bret Jordan: All right, great, thank you. 
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Montani : Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask first of if I could, for Carol, with the 3% plus organic growth, just wanted to think through for the remainder of the year what kind of organic growth do you think you would need to show leverage on SG&A given some of the headwinds that you had flagged?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so as we mentioned, and we are definitely seeing that operating margin improvement on our industrial business, and again, that's coming through there greater comp, and we're seeing the nice improvement there. On the automotive side are and we've pointed out our U.S. automotive, even with a comp of 3.5%, while those margins were flat in Q1, that's the best they have been in eight quarters. We've seen tremendous progress they've made in some areas such as payroll and freight with some of their investments.  So some of the things that are staying in the SG&A, which would -- whether it's depreciation and IT and some of the investments we're making and still some headwinds on payroll and freight. We're definitely making progress. And I would say by the end of the year, we would see margin improvement. So we're close to having that comp now and as we kind of mentioned, Europe was the one thing that was really a headwind on the margin.  So certainly end of the year if comp stay in that 3% to 4% range, we would expect to have that 10 to 15 basis point margin improvement.
Michael Montani : Okay. And then if I could, just from an U.S. Automotive perspective, I was hoping that you guys could unpack a little bit kind of the traffic versus ticket dynamic within 3.5% comp. And then secondly, I apologize if I had missed this, but did you give a split in terms of the DIY versus the DIFM comp?
Paul Donahue : Yes. Mike, I'll take both of those. The -- between DIFM and DIY, both showed positive sales growth in Q1 and both were up in the low to mid-single digits range. So we're pleased with the growth we're seeing in both. Even more pleasing is the fact that for another quarter, I believe in fact two quarters in a row now, we've seen improvement in our number of invoices running through our stores, but also the average ticket size coming through.  And as you know, Mike in recent quarters, while we've seen an increase in the size of the invoice, our number of tickets were down, very pleased to report this quarter that we're seeing a lift in both for the second consecutive quarter. So great job by our team in the U.S.
Michael Montani : Great, thank you. 
Paul Donahue : You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carolina Jolly with Gabelli. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Sponheimer: Hi, it’s Brian Sponheimer pinch hitting for Carolina. 
Carol Yancey: Good morning. 
Brian Sponheimer: Hi, everybody. Couple of questions on the acquisitions that you've made in Europe and maybe the valuation multiples that you're seeing their relative to the attractiveness of making similar acquisitions in your core markets.
Paul Donahue : Well, Brian, a couple of comments. So the couple of acquisitions that we've done, one which we closed on, which was Hennig, which is an automotive parts business in Germany that closed earlier in Q1. And then, we recently announced PartsPoint Group out of the Netherlands and Belgium, which we hope to close in early June. I would say from a valuation and multiple standpoint it's very similar to what we've seen in the U.S. these are not -- these businesses we've got relationships with again much like our approach here in the U.S., Brian. And we're not getting into bidding war auctions with private equity. So it's been very same I will leave it at that.
Brian Sponheimer: Just kind of following on that, for both auto and for motion you chose Australia first for international expansion in Australasia. What are the dynamics as far as Motion either looking into Europe or further in the U.S. as far as acquisitive growth there, given that your suppliers are large multi-national companies and your customers are large multi-national companies.
Paul Donahue: Yes so -- I'm sorry, Brian, didn't mean to cut you off. Look, our industrial business has been a solid performer for going on 10 quarters now. We're excited to move into Australasia. We took a 35% investment in an En. Co. [ph] a couple of years ago. We’ve gotten to know that team very well, we've gotten to know their business and the market that they serve today, which is generally Australia, New Zealand as well as into Southeast Asia. Great business one that we hope to close on the balance later in 2019. That will give us a nice foothold in that part of the world with a $400 million MRO player which arguably is a leader in their market. We have no designs right now on taking our industrial business into Europe, Brian. But -- and partly because we have big opportunities to continue to grow here in the U.S. as big as we are we still have less than 10% market share. So we think we have ample opportunity to continue to grow in North America as well as we'll look at potential bolt-on opportunities in Australasia as well.
Brian Sponheimer: All right terrific. Well, thank you very much. 
Paul Donahue: You're welcome.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We like to thank you today for your participation in our first quarter earnings call. We thank you for your support and interest in Genuine Parts Company. And we look forward to reporting out our second quarter results in July. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Jones. You may begin.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter 2018 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2019. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call also may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and let me add my welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 results. I will make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights across our businesses. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2019. After that, we'll open the call to your questions. We were pleased to build on our prior progress in 2018 and report another solid quarter of improved results. For the second consecutive quarter, each of our three business segments grew their revenues with positive core sales comparisons and combined with the added benefit of our accretive acquisitions. We further improved our operating results with a 30 basis point increase in total operating margin. These results let our team to produce record sales and earnings for 2018 as well as improve our working capital position and generate strong cash flows. To recap, total GPC sales in the fourth quarter were $4.6 billion of 9.4% from 2017 driven by a 0.6% comp sales increased and a 6% benefit from strategic acquisitions, net of a 1.2% negative impact from foreign currency translation. The 4.6% increase in comp sales reflects our strongest growth in 2018 up from the 4.3% increase in the third quarter plus 3.4% in the second quarter and the plus 2% in the first quarter. Net income in the fourth quarter was $187 million and earnings per share were $1.27. Excluding the impact of transaction and other costs as we covered in our press released adjusted net income was $198 million or $1.35 per share up 13% from the adjusted earnings per share in 2017. For the year total sales were record $18.7 billion a 14.9% increase compared to 2017. Net income was $810 million and EPS were $5.50. Before the impact of transaction and other costs, adjusted net income was $836 million and adjusted earnings per share, $5.68 a 21% increase on a comp basis to 2017. Turning to a review of our business segments, sales at our Global Automotive Group were up 11.4% in the fourth quarter, including a 3.8% comp sales increase and the benefit of acquisitions less than unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately 2%. We are encouraged by the sequential improvement in our Global Automotive comp sales growth, which was up from a 3.3% increase in the third quarter, a 2.1% increase in the second quarter and a plus 1.5% increase in the first quarter of 2018. We would add that the operations in each of our regions, including North America, Europe, and Australasia contributed to the improved fourth quarter sales comp. In our U.S. Automotive division sales were up 4% in the fourth quarter with comp sales accounting for most of that at plus 3.3%. This was in line with our 3.2% comp sales increase in the third quarter and reflects a solid execution of our sales initiatives, sound fundamentals for the aftermarket and generally favorable weather conditions which drove improved demand for much of the year. Following a cold winter in early 2018 the U.S. experienced a hot summer and warmer than average temps for most of the third quarter. This was followed by an early cold snap in October and November producing the coldest November in 27 plus years while December was impacted by warmer than normal temps and heavy rainfall in many regions of the U.S. Our fourth quarter sales increase was driven by the positive growth with both our commercial and retail customers. Sales to the commercial segment, which represents 75% to 80% of our total U.S. Automotive sales outpaced our retail sales for the second consecutive quarter as sales to our NAPA AutoCare customers were strong at plus 3.8% for the quarter. NAPA AutoCare, an industry leading commercial program for our automotive business and a key sales driver for us ruled over 18,000 members and 2018. To that end, we are pleased with the improved numbers our team is driving through our NAPA AutoCare segment and we remain confident that improving trend will carry over into 2019. We're also pleased to report continued progress with our major account partners as sales to this group improved in the fourth quarter. We expect to see this positive trend continue in the quarters ahead, do our ongoing and extensive efforts to meet and exceed both the product and service demands of these national and regional customer. In our retail business, we continue to deliver positive sales comps due to initiatives such as NAPA Rewards Program, now 9.4 million members strong and growing, expanded store hours across our network and our retail impact store project. In 2018 we completed the rollout of the retail impact initiative in our company owned stores and we're pleased that these stores continue to outpace the sales growth and our non-impact traditional stores. We also began implementing this initiative with our independently owned stores in 2018 and we'll continue this roll out over a multiyear process to drive additional retail sales across the NAPA network. In summary, our U.S. Automotive team delivered a solid fourth quarter and for the year this group produced 4% sales growth. We are pleased to see the momentum built throughout the year and expect to see this continue into 2019. Turning to 2019 we entered the new year with Kevin Harrington as President of the U.S. Automotive Operations. Kevin is a 29-year NAPA veteran with significant leadership experience and a deep knowledge of the automotive aftermarket and we're excited to have him lead the U.S. Automotive team into the future. We further bolstered our North American automotive business with the addition of Scott Sonnemaker, who joined the company earlier this month as Group President, North American Automotive. And this key role created the streamline the automotive structure and further our global focus. Scott has responsibility for all aspects of the automotive business in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. Scott is a seasoned executive in the distribution industry having spent 20 plus years in leadership roles at Sysco Foods. We're excited to have Scott on board and lead our efforts to maximize the future growth of this important segment of the company. Rounding out our North American automotive operations, total sales were up mid-single-digits of both NAPA, Canada and in Mexico before the negative impact of foreign currency translation. In Canada, we continue to drive our core sales growth with the solid execution of our sales initiatives and continue to benefit from our creative tuck in acquisitions which have expanded our Canadian presence. Our leadership team in Canada is also doing a fine job of improving their operating results and we expect another solid year in Canada in 2019. In Mexico, we have operated for the last several years under two banners, Autototo, our legacy business model in Mexico and NAPA Mexico. We launched our NAPA Initiative in 2014 top rate in sync with our U.S. and Canadian NAPA Operations. Our long-term strategy has been to move to one banner in Mexico. To that end, we have entered into an agreement to dye bath the Autototo business effective March 1, 2019. Autototo represents approximately $100 million in annual automotive revenues and was not a significant contributor to our overall profitability. We're excited to move forward with a greater focus on NAPA, Mexico and the growth opportunities we see to expand on our sales, market share and growing our NAPA footprint in Mexico.  In Europe, we celebrated the one-year anniversary of the AAG acquisition in November of 2018 and in both the fourth quarter and full year, this business produce solid sales and operational results across its European footprint. This is a spatially encouraging in light of the unusually mild weather and many regions of Europe during the fourth quarter as well as the continued political unrest in France and ongoing Brexit concerns in the UK. All in, the AAG team remain focused on finishing the year strong, producing mid-single-digit comp sales increases driven by positive growth in each region. In addition, AAG is on positive growth in each region. In addition, AAG's ongoing acquisitions favorably impacted our sales in Europe with TMS Motor Spares acquired on August 31 and Platinum acquired October 2, having an especially positive impact in the UK. As you may recall, TMS is the leading automotive parts distributor based in Carlisle, England with seven locations there and 17 locations in Scotland. Platinum International Group based in Manchester, England is a value-added battery distributor with nine UK locations and one location in the Netherlands. We see additional opportunities for acquisitions in Europe and we are pleased to begin the year with the closing of the Hennig Group acquisition on January 8. Previously announced in 2018 Hennig Group is one of Germany's leading supplier of vehicle parts with 31 branches across Germany and estimated annual revenues of $190 million. The addition of Hennig Group further expands our presence and scale in the German marketplace and we're excited to have them join the AAG team.  We are quite pleased with AAG 2018 performance and positive contribution to GPC. Our strategic expansion into Europe require the right partner with a history of proven success and a vision for the future and with AAG we have that team in place. We enter 2019 excited to begin our second full year with the AAG team and are encouraged by the growth opportunities we see for our European operation. In Australia and New Zealand, we had another solid quarter with both total sales and comp sales up mid-single-digits in local currency. Additionally, the age of PAC team did a fine job of converting this strong growth to improve their fourth quarter operating results. All in, 2018 proved to be another year in a series of strong performances by the age of PAC team and we expect this to continue into 2019. The economic growth in Australia is fairly robust and projected remains wrong. The favorable economy and sound aftermarket fundamentals combined with the ongoing execution of our growth plans both well for the continued growth of our Australasian automotive business. In summary, our global automotive group posted solid results in the fourth quarter and we move forward into 2019 with plans for digital sales growth and operating improvement. Now let's turn to our Industrial Parts Group, which continues to post some progressive sales growth and improved operating results. Total fourth quarter sales for Industrial, were $1.6 billion, an increase of 8.7% including a 7% comp sales growth plus a benefit of acquisitions. This represents the second straight quarter of 7% sales comp, our strongest since 2014. It also continues our two-year run of consistent sales increases driven by the effective execution of our growth initiatives and the favorable economic and industry-specific factors which continue to benefit the industrial marketplace. These factors include industrial indicators such as purchasing managers index, manufacturing industrial production, active rate counts, and U.S. exports. A broad strength in the industrial marketplace is also evident in our product and industry sector sales performance. Again, this quarter of 14 of our major product groups posted sales gains with a specially strong results and safety products and industrial supplies, hose, pumps and pneumatics [ph]. Likewise, sales to 10 of the Top 12 industries we serve were up as well highlighted by double digit increases in the iron and steel, chemicals and allied products, oil and gas extraction and rubber and plastic industries.  Our growth initiatives for Industrial include ongoing strategic acquisitions. The addition of hydraulic supply company in the fourth quarter performed well and was a creative to our results. Last week we also announced the acquisition of Axis New England, which we expect to close next month. Axis is a leading automation and robotics business with locations in Danvers, MA and Rochester, New York. It further expands our capabilities in the area of Industrial plant floor automation. Axis highlights our ongoing strategy to participate in the fast-growing automation space and further builds on our previous acquisitions. We look forward to having Todd Clark and his talented team join us as part of the motion automation solution group. We expect this business to generate estimated annual revenues of $55 million. We are proud of the Industrial team and their tremendous operating performance in 2018 and as we look ahead to 2019 we expect to build on last year's success under the leadership of Randy Breaux, the recently appointed President Motion Industries. Randy is a tremendous leader with significant experience in the industrial manufacturing and distribution markets. We're excited to have Randy lead our talented Motion team into the future. In addition to our future growth prospects in North America, we are planning to expand our industrial footprint into Australasia in 2019 with the full purchase of Inenco. As a reminder, this Australian based distribution company has operations in New Zealand as well as the growing presence in Indonesia and Singapore. GPC originally made a 35% investment in Inenco in 2017 and they have performed extremely well while growing both top and bottom line the last two years. We expect to be in a position to complete this acquisition at some point in calendar year 2019. Inenco's annual sales are approximately $400 million and is a great strategic fit with Motion aligning well with our strategic supplier base and providing for a market leading presence in Australasia, Indonesia and Singapore. Now, a few comments about S.P. Richards, our Business Products Group. This segment reported total sales at $457 million up $1.6 million for the fourth quarter driven by the growth in comp sales. This represents a third consecutive quarter of sequential sales improvement for this business and follows a positive sales comp reported in the third quarter of 2018, the first positive comps since the third quarter of 2015. In addition, sales were up in three of our four product categories for the second straight quarter. These include core office supplies, technology and our facilities break room and safety supply category. It's also important to highlight that the SBR teams significantly improved their operating results in the fourth quarter hosting a 270 basis point improvement in operating margin. This was an excellent way to finish the year and we want to thank all of our S.P. associates for their great efforts. Today, S.P. Richards represents the only independent national business products wholesaler in the U.S. and we continue to believe that there is opportunity for this business to grow and deepen its relationship with both independent dealers and other customer channels. We will continue to invest in these growth opportunities where and when appropriate.  So that recaps are consolidated and business segment results for the fourth quarter of 2018. We were pleased to report sales growth in each of our business segments and also show progress and our overall operating performance. Our team finished 2018 with positive momentum, which we will carry with us into 2019. With that, I'll hand it over to Carol for her remarks. Carol. 
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We'll begin with a review of our key financial information and then we will discuss our full-year outlook for 2019. Our total sales of $4.6 billion in the fourth quarter were at 9.4% driving gross margin of 33.5% compared to 30.5% in 2017. For the full year, our sales of $18.7 billion increase 15% and our gross margin improved to 32% from 30% in the prior year. These comparisons reflects significant improvement in our 2018 gross margin due to several reasons. The Automotive and Industrial businesses have benefited from effective margin initiatives including ongoing negotiations with our global suppliers, more flexible and sophisticated pricing and digital strategies as well as more favorable product mix. In addition, the higher gross margin model at AAG and other acquisitions has positively impacted our gross margin throughout the year. Specific to the fourth quarter, all three of our segments earned additional supplier incentives due to improved volumes and we also had the benefit of year-end inventory gains net of life out, which further improved our gross margin relative to 2017. With the continued emphasis on our margin initiatives, we expect our 2019 gross margin rates to remain relatively in line with our full-year 2018 rate. This the same as reasonable in place and have 1% to 2% and consistent levels of volume incentives. We experienced an inflationary pricing environment across each of our segments in 2018 with more normal inflation in our industrial and business products and more pronounced and more pronounced in place and in the fourth quarter for Automotive. Overall, we attribute much of the fourth quarter and present place into the direct and indirect impact of tariffs, but we also had steady price increases for raw materials, commodities and supplier freight spread throughout the year. While the impact of tariffs was not significant in 2018, we passed on the supplier increases to our customers to maintain our growth margin. We expect this to continue in 2019. Our cumulative supplier price increases for the 12 months of 2018 were up 1.8% in Automotive, up 3.8% in Industrial and up 1.8% in office. Our selling administrator and other expenses in the fourth quarter were $1.2 billion representing 26.4% of sales. For the year, these expenses were $4.6 billion or 24.6% of sales. These operating costs were up from 2017 and both the quarter and the year due to several factors including the impact of a higher cost model at AAG and other acquisitions as we discussed earlier. In addition, increase investments in facilities and people in 2018 as well as rising costs in areas such as payroll, freight, delivery IT, cyber security also impacted our operations. Additionally, in 2017 we benefited from lower than expected year-end expenses in areas such as incentive compensation, legal and professional and insurance. This made for a more difficult comparison in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our selling, administration and other expenses on the income statement also includes $17 million and $30 million for the fourth quarter and full year of 2018 respectively in transaction and other costs primarily related to AAG and the attempted transaction to spin off the business products group net of a favorable termination fee we received. In 2017, transaction and other costs primarily ray to AAG were $25 million and $44 million for the fourth quarter and the full year. We account for these items on the other net line in our segment information schedule in today's press release. To improve on our operating expenses, we continue to work towards a lower cost but highly effective infrastructure. Our plans includes steps to accelerate the integration of our acquisitions, investments to enhance our productivity and supply chains and innovative strategies to unlock greater savings and efficiencies across our global operations.  Now let's discuss the results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.6 billion up 11% from the prior year and their operating profit of $199 million was up 9% with an operating margin of 7.7% compared to 7.9% in the fourth quarter of 2017. While we continue to improve our leverage on solid sales SalesPro, this was offset by the increased investments in our facilities and people as well as rising costs in areas such as payroll and freight. Our Industrial sale for $1.6 billion in the quarter, a strong 9% increase from the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our operating profit of $131 million was at 12% and their operating margin improved to a solid 8.3% from 8.1% last year with a 20 basis point increase due to gross margin expansion and the ability to leverage their expenses on the strong sales growth. The Industrial business has been operating well now for eight consecutive quarters. Our business product revenues were $457 million a 2% increase from the prior year and their operating profit of $26 million was up significantly driving 5.7% operating margin, which is up from 3% in 2017. There's a tremendous business to the year for the business products team. Our total company operating profit in the fourth quarter was up 14% on a 9% sales increase and our operating profit margin with 7.7% compared to 7.4% last year for a 30 basis point increase. This represents our second consecutive quarter of operating margin improvement. We had net interest expense of $21 million in the fourth quarter and for 2018 net interest was $93 million. In 2019 we expect net interest to hold fairly steady in the $91 million to $93 million range despite four rate increases in 2018 and another two expected for 2019. Our total amortization expense was $22 million for the quarter and $89 million for the full year. For 2019, we expect full year amortization to increased slightly to $90 million to$ 92 million.  Our depreciation expense was $42 million for the fourth quarter and $153 million for the full year. We expect this to increase to $170 million to $180 million in 2019 due to the increase in capital expenditures in 2018 and our plans to further utilize our tax savings and strong cash flows for additional investments in 2019. On a combined basis, we expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $260 million to $270 million in 2019. Continuing with the segment information presented in our press release, the other line, which represents our corporate expense with $58 million in the fourth quarter and that includes $17 million in transaction and other costs discussed earlier. Excluding these costs, our corporate expense was $41 million or a $16 million comparable increase from 2017. For the full year, our corporate expense was $174 million including $36 million in transaction and other cost or $138 million excluding these costs. This is up $27 million from 2017 on a comparative basis. Primarily, the increase in corporate expense for the fourth quarter and the full year reflects the incremental costs associated with our retirement plan valuation and other retirement benefits as well as an increase in short and long-term incentives, IT and security and cost-related to minority interests. With the these and other costs in mind, we expect our corporate expense to be in the $125 million $135 million range for 2019. Our tax rate for the quarter was 26.6%. This compares to our fourth quarter 2017 rate at 51% which included the required one-time unfavorable provisional adjustment related to tax reform. Our fourth quarter 2018 tax rate was higher than the first three quarters of 2018 due to the final transition tax expense adjustments as well as the non-deductible retirement plan expense that we mentioned earlier. The effective tax rate was 24.6% in 2018 and we're planning for a full year tax rate of 25% in 2019. So, now, we'll discuss our balance sheet which remains strong and in excellent condition. Our accounts receivable was $2.5 billion up 3% from the prior year and well below our fourth quarter sales increase. We remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at December 31 was $3.6 billion down 4% from 2017 so our team's made significant progress in 2018 and are doing an excellent job of managing this key investment. Our accounts payable of $4 billion is at 10% due mainly to the benefit of improved payment terms with our key global partners. Our accounts payable to inventory ratio improved to 111% at December 31 of 2018. We're very pleased with the improvement in our working capital position and its positive impact on our cash flows. Our total debt of $3.1 billion at December 31 is down slightly from the $3.2 billion in 2017. We're comfortable with our current debt structure and we have a strong balance sheet and the financial capacity to support our future growth initiative as well as ongoing priorities for an effective capital allocation. We generated strong cash flows in 2018 with $1.1 billion in cash from operations up 41% from 2017. In addition, our free cash flow, which excludes capital expenditures and the dividend improve to nearly $500 million from $263 million in 2017. We expect another solid year in 2019 and we're currently estimating $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow in the $400 million range. Strong cash flow continue to support our priorities for the use of cash which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our key priorities for cash remain the real investment in our businesses, their repurchases, strategic acquisitions and the dividend. Regarding the dividend, yesterday, the board of directors approved a $3.05 per share annual dividend for 2019 marking our 63rd consecutive annual increase in the dividend paid to our shareholders; this represents the annual increase in the dividend paid to our shareholders, this represents the 6% increase from the $2.88 per share paid in 2018 and it's approximately 54% of our 2018 adjusted earnings per share which is in line with our targeted payout ratio. We invested $232 million in capital expenditures in 2018 and this reflects the step-up investment related to the addition of AAG and our plans for incremental spend in areas such as technology and productivity in our facilities. For 2019 we will continue to reinvest our tax reform savings and our working capital improvement and we're planning for capital expenditures in the range of $300 million. Regarding our share repurchase program, we purchased approximately 1 million shares of our common stock in 2018 and today we have 16.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We accept to be active in the program over the long-term and we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. So now let's discuss our guidance for 2019. And arriving at our 2019 full year guidance, we considered our performance in 2018, as well as our current risk, plans, and initiatives including the previously announced [indiscernible] acquisition. In addition, we took into account the impact of a strong U.S. dollar and the market conditions we see for the foreseeable future which by most accounts indicate the potential for a global economic slowdown at some point in 2019. With these factors in mind, we expect total sales for 2019 to be in the range of plus 3% to plus 4% or plus 4% to plus 5% before the approximate 1% headwinds from foreign currency translation. This guidance excludes the benefit of any unannounced or future acquisitions. By business, we are guiding to plus 2.5% to plus 3.5% total sales growth for the automotive segment, or plus 4.5% to plus 5.5% before the impact of an approximate 2% currency headwind. For the industrial segment, total sales growth of plus 5% to plus 6% and flat total sales for the business products segment. On the earnings side, we currently expect earnings per share to be in the range of $5.75 to $5.90 or an adjusted $5.81 to $5.96 before the impact of an approximately 1% currency headwind. Our going forward reflects the cautiously optimistic outlook for 2019. We are being cautious due to the potential front economic slowdown and in particular, a slowing industrial economy in the second half of the year. In addition, expect to see more challenging sales environment in Europe in 2019. Despite these conditions though, we're optimistic that our management teams have the plan and initiatives in place to work through the issue and show more progress than 2019. Likewise, we're very confident in the underwriting fundamentals of our broad and growing business platform which provides us with sustained long-term growth opportunities. So that's our financial report for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2018, as well as our outlook for 2019. We were very pleased to finish the year with solid results and we look forward to reporting from progress in the coming quarters. With that, I turn it back to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Reflecting on 2018, our team was hard at work executing on their sales and cost initiatives to drive stronger pipeline topline growth, improve our operating results and enhance our earnings growth. We were also focused on ensuring a successful year in our European operations and capturing the synergies planned for this acquisitions. Likewise, with the combination of VIS and Motion on January 1 of 2018. We focus this year building on the synergies created by a larger and stronger industrial operation. Finally, we significantly improved our working capital position during the year driving exceptional cash flows utilized for key investments in the company, as well as turn of capital via share repurchases and dividend which we just increased for the 63rd consecutive year as announced earlier today. With these things in mind, we're pleased to achieve record sales and earnings for the year, and encouraged by the operating improvement across our global distribution platform in North America, Europe and Australasia. Our team had many accomplishments and we are proud of their efforts to create long-term value for our shareholders. Turning to calendar; we are excited for the opportunities to build on the positive momentum generated in 2018. GPC is well positioned to capital on it's many global prospects, and further improve our operating results. With that said, we are also very aware of the potential for a slowdown in the global economy as Carol mentioned, and that was a key factor in arriving at our outlook for 2019. Our growth plans, however, our solid, we remain committed to an organic and acquisitive growth strategy to drive long-term and sustain revenues while also focusing on the continued improvement in our gross margins and cost management. We are confident that our unwavering focus in these areas combined with a continued emphasis on a strong balance sheets, excellent cash flows and effective capital allocation will serve to maximize your return to our shareholders. We're excited for the future and as always we look forward to updating you on our progress when we report again. With that, we'll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: On the Allianz [ph] business, I mean you've talked about some weather and the political concerns. Could you sort of stack which was a bigger issue? And it sounds like you still copped up mid-single-digits. Was that local currency?
Paul Donahue: That was local currency, Bret. And look, our team at AAG, despite some of the challenges that they faced in the quarter, had a darn good quarter. And I give them a whole lot of credit for executing on a number of their key initiatives. We've got a -- as you know, that market, Bret, it's fragmented. Lots of opportunities to continue to roll up bolt on acquisitions as well as some good strategic ones. And again, I give our team a ton of credit because they had some real headwinds, but despite those headwinds posted a solid quarter.
Bret Jordan: What are you saying over there as you look at payable program both in the European business and maybe Australasia as well? Carol, maybe you could talk about what can be liberated out of working capital maybe?
Carol Yancey: And our working capital improvement that we had this year was not related to Europe, but having said that, we worked with the teams over there and our teams here to start putting in place a number of our similar programs. So, we do expect to see some working capital improvement starting in 2019. We have similar supply chain programs already in place for Europe and we have some of our global partners, some on and some coming on. So we would expect to see some working capital improvement from them in 2019.
Bret Jordan: And then I guess one just housekeeping. As you look at the fourth quarter in the U.S. business, the sort of the cadence of the quarter I'd imagine it's similar to what other people are saying October, November, strong and December weak. But maybe you could talk maybe a little about the cadence and regional performance. 
Paul Donahue: Now, that's exactly right, Bret. We're no different than many others who have reported October and in November were definitely the strongest two months and then we saw our sales moderate in December. And think the moderation in December was really related just to kind of how the holidays timed out coupled with the warmer temps and a ton of rain across the U.S. As we look at our regionality of our business, I got to give a call out to our Midwest team. They had a terrific Q4. And you know, when you look at some of the temperature up in the cities like Chicago in Q4 and on end of January and as the polar vortex rolled across, had really spiked our business and it continues to do well. So Midwest was definitely a top performer for us. The Northeast performed well again as they did all of 2018 and the Central Division. So again, you look across the Upper Midwest, Brent really going from the Midwest all the way to the Northeast was solid business for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Suzuki: So, the business products segment made a pretty nice come back here with solid comps through the last two quarters and some nice operating margin expansion. Since the spinoff plan fell through, has there been a reallocation of attention or resources to S.P. Richards? And then what do you view as the longer term outlook for that business? 
Paul Donahue: Well, Liz, great question. And I would say a few things about our office team led by Rick Top and they had a really solid second half of the year. They were focused on the business and won some new business. And in addition to driving some good core results out of our office supply, the core office supply business, I would also tell you that we saw good growth in our facilities and break room business and along that up the line and it kind of goes with the second part of your question about are we make an investment in the S.P. Richards business. We just brought on a key executive -- industry executive, Steve Shells [ph] to run our FPS business. And he is a well-qualified executive. We expect to see continued growth out of that segment. Long-term, Liz with S.P. Richards, we are head down operating the business and I think what you saw with the much better performance in Q3, Q4 when our team is solely focused on running the business and the changes that are happening in the industry we'll see better results. And again, we're really proud of the team and a great job they did in the second half of the year. 
Elizabeth Suzuki: And just a question on NAPA, I hear automotive segment has had a split of about 75%. DIFM about 25% DIY for a long time. And if we look at this business in 20 years, do you think the split is still going to be about 75%, 25% or is there a plan to evolve that over time?
Paul Donahue: Well, you know, Liz, we have embarked on a longer-term plan to upgrade our stores and we've now completed all of our company stores and we saw a nice lift in our retail business. We're now embarking on a similar strategy with our independent owned stores and our goal is to help our independence lifts their retail business as well. But even with those key initiatives, DIFM is going to be the larger segment. It certainly the faster growing segment, the vehicle population today is only growing more and more complex. I don't see that changing anytime soon. So I would expect certainly into the future our mix will stay relatively similar to what it is today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: So, first one I got through the impact of tariffs. So to start with, it looks like your Automotive inflation year to date moved to 140 basis points relative to last quarter. That seems pretty massive. I would like imply something, the order of 500 basis points of inflation to Q4 and actually have something wrong there. Just wanted an aiding comment on that.
Carol Yancey: So, first of all, the tariffs, as we talked about it in our last quarter, the 10% tariff that went into effect that relates to about 18% to 20% of our U.S. cost of goods sold that's coming from China. So as it relates to that cost of goods sold, we worked with our Chinese suppliers, we took into account many factors with our teams, our cross-functional teams, we negotiated with the Chinese suppliers, we looked at the effect of currency and ultimately, we had more of say 4% to 5% increase that we took and that we also passed on to our customers. So what you saw in Q4 was definitely the impact of the tariffs coming through in the quarter that was pretty late in the year. So, we were able to pass that through and obviously you can see that in our growth margins. So as we look ahead, we're expecting about a 1% inflation for U.S. Auto for 2019. That does not contemplate any further changes to tariff. 
Chris Bottiglieri: I guess maybe two follow-ups there. So you would think, I mean, if it was 4% to 5% Q4 take several quarters for you to anniversary that. So why wouldn't the inflation impact, I guess be more '19 and what percent? That's the first part.
Carol Yancey: So again, I think the 4% to 5%, it's not on all categories. There was only certain categories that this tariff applied to, so there were some key categories that it applied to. So when you blended in to the total automotive business and you look at it across the board, it waters itself down to say a 2% or 1%, and that's a cumulative number as it comes through. So we're not expecting a lot of those changes went in late Q4, so we're expecting some additional inflationary environment going into 2019 is probably the best way to say that. We said in our prepared remarks that inflation would be 1% to 2%, and I would tell you right now our best estimate is about 1% for U.S. Automotive, and about 1.5% to 2% for Business Products and Industrial. And again, more than anything, what's important is that our ability to take those price increases and pass it through to the customer.
Chris Bottiglieri: And then I wanted to -- kind of given your weaker economic outlook, or just -- I guess preparing for that; I wanted to ask you a question on kind of downside risk. If you look at your automotive business in the U.S. can you tell us how the business performed out of same-store basis back in the economic downturn, the next one could be as bad as the but I just want some context. And then, similarly, I know you're new to the UK and to Germany, but those management teams are still obviously with the company and I'm sure that a lot of them are around with the downturn. Is there a way to contextualize how those business performed in the last economic downturn as well just to understand the cyclicality of those business in Europe? Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Well, I think the first comment I want to just clarify; so our U.S. business comps, you're coming off -- I mean, obviously, second half is stronger than the first half but we had about 1.6% U.S. comps for 2018. We're implying in our guidance for U.S. comps to be up 3% to up 4%; so we are not implying weakness in our U.S. comps, I think what you're speaking to more specifically is probably related to either Europe or the industrial business but our North American automotive businesses and our Australasia and automotive businesses going into 2019 are improved from 2018.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, I would just add to that, generally what we see in the automotive aftermarket in a slower economy which generally will result in fewer new cars sold, the automotive aftermarket generally performs pretty well, people hold onto the vehicles longer, they are conducting more repairs on those vehicles during the course of the year. So whether it be in Europe or the U.S., if there is a slowdown, and that's yet to be determined, I think our automotive aftermarket will be just fine and as you mentioned, we've got a very experienced team on the ground in Europe that has worked their way through these economic cycles that I think will be just fine.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: My first question on the U.S. auto business, you spoke to favorable weather trends for most of 2018, based on what you've seen in 2019 to-date, how do you think the weather situation is setting up for 2019?
Paul Donahue: Seth, I think that while we can't go into too many specifics about what we're seeing in Q1, anytime we're seeing that kind of extreme weather pattern, so we're seeing again and we're seeing actually this week across parts of the U.S.; that's going to bode well for the automotive parts business and I think what we're now experiencing is really the back-to-back normalized winters. And as we have said many times in these calls through the years, that's what this business needs and our business like our peer group, generally performs much better when we're in those kinds of normalized weather patterns.
Seth Basham: Excellent, that's helpful perspective. Secondly, as we think about the gross margin outlook here; first, in terms of the fourth quarter performance for auto, you talked about a few drivers, maybe you could help us tell [ph] in terms of listing the biggest drivers in terms of degree of magnitude to the gross margin improvement between supplier negotiations and pricing and rebates?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so happy to answer that. As you may recall, through the nine months our gross margin with AAG was up about 150 basis points and we ended the year up 180 basis points. So the strong fourth quarter was a combination of several things; so as we have said all year, automotive and industrial had improved gross profit all year and that continued into the fourth quarter, as has AAG. So AAG including some of the synergies as we continue to integrate those business, as well as their acquisitions have had a strong gross margin. In addition, as Paul mentioned, our favorable results in office products that grew; if they had a more favorable product mix and that helped with their gross margin conversion, so you see that in their operating margin and a lot of that flow through to the gross margin line. And then lastly, automotive, industrial and office, all of them had better volumes which led to incremental supplier incentives that went into that number. And then we also had with some of this inflationary environment, we had favorable inventory gains and that was net of the LIFO at automotive and industrial. So while we're not going to breakout any one of those, those factors went into the Q4. Having said that we feel like this 32% rate as we look ahead is appropriate as we go forward.
Seth Basham: Just one follow-up on that. Regarding the pricing and digital initiatives that you've undertook in auto; can you give us some perspectives on how material they've been to your improvement in gross margin rate? And how you think those will benefit you going forward?
Carol Yancey: I guess we've factored that in, I mean you've seen the gross margin improvements all year in auto, and we would say that it's not any one thing but circling [ph] our investments and pricing and data analytics and some of the new strategies that we're doing have gone into that. But also, from a global sourcing and our global supplier partners, I mean it's buy side and sell side strategy that have gone into that. So we've seen that throughout the year, and again, we would expect that to continue on into 2019. And then the great thing is, we had some inflation for the first time in many years, and as we look ahead to 2019, we expect to have a little bit of that as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: I know you said that potential risk in the back half on a global economic slowdown. Is there anything that you're seeing now in the industrial business that's alerting you or causing you any concern or is it more sort of speculative and what others are talking about that -- just putting this in your guidance?
Paul Donahue: It's a great question, Chris, because what we're seeing on in on the industrial side, certainly with some of the key metrics that we follow very closely like, PMI, and manufacturing output. The PMI number in January was up from the December number; so it actually I think was over 56 in the month of January which we take as a real positive, and then you get a federal reserve number on industrial output and productivity and that was a little bit slower in the month of January. So there is some mixed signals out there, I would tell you that we're not feeling in our business yet, but there is just a lot of noise out there that you kind of worry about avoiding; we worry all the time, right, if you don't know pretty sure. But our full year projection, we still feel good about where our industrial business is going, and the team we have in place running that business.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then, as you're following up on the winter question asked before, I mean, [indiscernible] -- Canada I think was in polar vortex from the past 7 weeks or something like that and obviously the Midwest has been hit harder. Do you think the regional performance in the U.S. in 2019 could be different from what you've seen? I think the West was weaker earlier in '18 and really the Northeast and Midwest -- Northeast lead for most of the year and now it seems like the Midwest has picked up. Any sort of -- I'd love to hear your thoughts in terms of how the regional performance might change based on what we've seen so far?
Paul Donahue: Well, I think that question Chris is -- and it's a bit hard to say at this point. We have a number of initiatives that are going on in all of our geographical regions outside of weather impact that will influence our performance in those particular divisions, but as we sit here today and looking at another potential polar vortex coming across the U.S., it does appear that many of the same regions; the Midwest, the Northeast, the Central will be the benefactors of that extreme weather. I would add one of our geographical regions that we've seen a nice spike in '19 as out in out mountain division, so that includes Seattle and Colorado and Wyoming, etcetera; that business has gotten off to a good start in 2019. So it's good to see those folks stepping it up. So we'll wait and see, but again, we've got many key initiatives in the works that will certainly bolster all of our divisions in 2019.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then in terms of the operating margin outlook, is there any difference in terms of how you're thinking about the three divisions? And then related to that; is your comp needed to drive expense leverage coming down in '19 or will it be relatively consistent for 2018?
Carol Yancey: Chris, I think as we think about our operating margin, and look, we were pretty excited to have a second half operating margin as 7.7% in total. Our Q4 improvement at 30 bips was really great to see after 10 bips in Q3. We're anticipating 2019 probably something like 10 basis points to 15 basis points in total operating margins. I would have to say, just given our growth outlook that that would come from primarily automotive and industrial. But I want to point out and it's -- there are a lot of investments in our business that -- again, we've talked about our tax savings, we've talked about our CapEx, and we have been investing in our facilities and productivity, in people, and -- again, pricing, data analytics, supply chain, a lot of investments for the future, and those investments will help us. And I think those investments as it flows through the SG&A line, also depreciation, we've got that -- that we know will be beneficial long-term but we're still fighting these headwinds as we've talked about with the tight labor market and wages and payroll. And then also freight and delivery, so those categories still grew greater than our sales and I -- while we think some of the freight in field will level up in 2019, this tight labor market we're in and with wages, we're not sure that that necessarily cycles out. So, I don't think it's a lower comp number, we have the margin improvement but again, we've implied some improved comp numbers for all of our businesses going forward. So again, on a long-term basis, we would expect to see operating margin improvement.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing comments.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for participating in our fourth quarter and year-end conference call. We appreciate your support and interest in Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to reporting out on our first quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Donahue – President and Chief Executive Officer Carol Yancey – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher Horvers – JPMorgan Jonathan Livers – RBC Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs Elizabeth Suzuki – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth Basham – Wedbush Bret Jordan – Jefferies Greg Melich – MoffettNathanson Chris Bottiglieri – Wolfe Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2018 conference call to discuss our earnings results and current outlook for the full year. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call also may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. Now let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and welcome to our third quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our third quarter 2018 results. I will make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights across our business. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for the full year. After that, we'll open the call to your questions. So we entered the third quarter with positive momentum, having just reported record sales and earnings in the second quarter. Our teams carried this momentum over into the third quarter, producing a strong sales performance, while also improving our total operating margin, earnings and working capital position. This was encouraging as the quarter also presented our teams with a few challenges. The unfortunate passing of Tim Breen, one of our key business leaders, the termination of our proposed merger agreement with Essendant, and the effect of Hurricane Florence all impacted our businesses and our associates in the quarter. Despite these challenges, our team stayed focused and delivered total GPC sales of $4.7 billion, up 15.3% driven by the favorable impact of strategic acquisitions and a 4.3% comp sales increase. This 4.3% comp sales increase has improved from the 3.4% increase we delivered in the second quarter and 2% in the first quarter. It’s also worth noting, our performance this quarter was our strongest comp growth rate since the fourth quarter of 2014. Net income was $220 million and earnings per share was at $1.49, excluding the net impact of transaction and other cost related to the acquisition of Alliance Automotive Group and the recently terminated agreement to spin off the Business Products Group, net of the $12 million termination fee, adjusted net income was $218 million, up 28% and adjusted earnings per share was $1.48, up 29%. We will kick off our business segment overview with our Global Automotive Group. Total Automotive sales were up 23.3% in the third quarter, including a 3% comp sales increase. This has improved from the 2% increase in the second quarter and a 1.5% increase in the first quarter. So we are pleased to see the steadily improving comps, which are driven primarily by our U.S. Automotive results. Our total sales also benefited from acquisitions, net of an unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately 2%. We'll first review our performance for our largest business segment, our U.S. Automotive division. Sales for our U.S. Automotive operations were up 4.9% in the third quarter, with comp sales up 3.2%. This has much improved from the 1.5% comp increase we delivered in the second quarter and the slight increase we reported in Q1. This is also our best U.S. sales comp since the first quarter of 2016. This year's steady improvement in our core sales reflects the ongoing execution of our sales plan as well as the continued strengthening of the underlying sales conditions for the automotive aftermarket in the U.S. The warmer-than-average temperatures for much of the quarter came on the heels of a hot summer and a colder winter, which likely increased parts failure and maintenance and grow the improved demand. Our growth in Q3 was fueled by increased sales to both our retail and commercial customers, and for the first time in two years, sales to the commercial segment outpaced our retail sales. This was driven by the continued strengthening of our NAPA AutoCare sales, which were up 3.4% for the quarter. This is a significant commercial program for NAPA, and we are encouraged by the positive sales trends with these accounts. Looking forward, we believe the improving conditions will drive further commercial growth for both our AutoCare and Major Account customers. And while our Major Account sales lagged the strength of our overall growth in the third quarter, we are optimistic for stronger sales in the quarters ahead. Turning now to our retail business, our growth in this segment reflects the positive impact of initiatives such as NAPA Rewards Program, now 8.5 million member strong, expanded store hours and our retail impact store project. We have completed the rollout of the retail impact initiative to our company-owned stores and have now shifted our focus to our independently-owned stores. We expect these strategic initiatives to drive further sales growth for our retail segment, which represents 20% to 25% of our total U.S. automotive sales. So in summary, we are encouraged by the ongoing improvement in the sales environment for our U.S. Automotive operation and its positive impact on our operating results. As mentioned in last quarter's call, we believe this trend will continue in the quarters ahead for several reasons. We are seeing the positive shift in demand for failure and maintenance parts due to return of normalized weather pattern. We expect the number of vehicles in the aftermarket sweet spot to further stabilize and, ultimately, become a tailwind in 2019 and 2020. The long-term fundamental drivers for the automotive aftermarket remained strong, with a growing and aging fleet and increasing miles driven among consumers. We also expect our ongoing acquisitions and overall footprint expansion to further contribute to sales. Previously we discussed the addition of Smith Auto and Sanel Auto Parts to the NAPA network, and these businesses are performing well for us. Most recently, we announced the acquisition of Hastings Auto Parts, a four store group in the Detroit area, which joined NAPA on October 1. Hastings significantly enhanced our presence in the Detroit Metro area and will contribute approximately $10 million in annual sales. We welcome the Hastings leadership group to our NAPA team. Our accretive tuck-in acquisitions remain an important part of our growth strategy, and we see additional opportunities to expand our U.S. store footprint. Now let's turn to our international automotive businesses in Canada, Mexico, Europe and Australasia. These operations account for 40% of our total automotive revenues and delivered a collective 5% total sales increase, including a 2.7% comp sales increase. We'll lead off with our key North American automotive operation. Total sales were up mid-single digits at NAPA Canada and up low single digits in Mexico. In Canada, we continue to drive our core sales growth with the solid execution of our sales initiatives, while also adding strategic tuck-in acquisitions to further expand our Canadian presence. We continue to look for further growth in Canada and Mexico as we move forward. Turning to Alliance Automotive Group, this business continues to operate well across its European footprint in France, the UK, Germany and Poland. Comp sales grew low to mid-single digits and were positive across all four regions, with the strongest results in Germany and the UK. Additionally, the European team continues to drive strong sales growth from its ongoing acquisitions. AAG's robust acquisition strategy resulted in several additional bolt-on acquisitions in Q3, including TMS Motor Spares, which closed on August 31. TMS, headquartered in Carlisle, England, is a leading automotive parts distributor and adds 24 locations to the AAG network. TMS further expands our U.K. footprint with seven locations in England and provides for our first company-owned stores in Scotland, with 17 locations there. We expect this strategic acquisition to generate approximately $30 million in annual sales, and we are pleased to extend a warm welcome to the TMS team.  We also announced AAG's October 2 acquisition of Platinum International Group headquartered in Manchester, England. Platinum is the leading value-added battery distributor, serving primarily the automotive industry from nine U.K. locations and one in the Netherlands. Platinum strengthens AAG's position in the U.K. battery market and is expected to generate estimated annual revenues of $75 million. We want to welcome both the TMS to welcome both the TMS and Platinum teams to the AAG family.  Wrapping up our AAG overview, we continue to work towards the closing of the previously announced acquisition of the Hennig Group in Germany. They are leading supplier of light-duty and commercial vehicle parts, with 30 branches across Germany and estimated annual revenues of $190 million. Subject to final regulatory approvals, we currently expect to close on the Hennig acquisition later in the fourth quarter. The addition of these businesses, a full pipeline of other potential acquisitions and our continued focus on underlying core growth is supported by relatively solid economic and industry fundamental across the European markets we serve.  We are also pleased with the continued progress on our integration plans, and as we approach the one-year anniversary of this acquisition, we remain encouraged by the opportunities we see for our European operations and are confident the AAG team will continue to deliver for GPC. Our growing operations in Australia and New Zealand posted another solid quarter. Total sales in local currency were up mid-single digits while comp sales were up low to mid-single digits in the third quarter. The Asia-Pac team continues to drive its sales growth with a combination of initiatives to grow core sales and accretive acquisitions, while also executing on plans and initiatives to enhance our customer service capabilities and overall operating performance. We expect Asia-Pac's growth plans combined with the continued backdrop of solid economic and aftermarket fundamental to generate strong results in the quarters ahead. In summary, our U.S. business continues to strengthen, with September being our strongest average daily sales month of the year. The strong finish to the quarter enabled our U.S. team to post another quarter of improved comp sales growth. Our European operations performed well with solid core growth and the added benefit of ongoing acquisitions. Our remaining international automotive businesses in Australasia, Canada, and Mexico are all performing to plan. We continue to build size and scale as we expand our automotive operations around the globe. So now let's turn to our Industrial Parts Group. The sales environment for this business remains strong across our operations in U.S., Canada and Mexico. Total sales of $1.6 billion were up 8.3% in the third quarter including a 7% comp sales growth plus a benefit of acquisitions. This 7% sales comps further builds on the 4% to 6% comps achieved over the previous five quarters and reflects Industrial's strongest sales comp since the fourth quarter of 2014. This ongoing pattern of solid sales growth is consistent with the positive impact of our growth initiatives for this business and the favorable economic and industry-specific factors benefiting the industrial marketplace. These include the continued strength in major industrial indicators such as the Purchasing Managers Index, industrial production, active rig counts and U.S. exports. Further supporting the broad strength across the industrial marketplace, all 14 of our major product groups, including the electrical specialty group posted sales gains in the quarter and each of the top industries we serve were up as well. Iron and steel, chemicals and allied products and oil and gas extraction industries were especially strong, with each showing low double-digit increases. On October 1, we announced the acquisition of Hydraulic Supply Company in Sunrise, Florida. HSC is the leading full-service fluid-powered distributor, with a broad product offering of hydraulic, pneumatic and industrial components and systems. HSC operates from 30 locations, primarily in the Southeastern U.S. and further enhances Motion's footprint for additional fluid power product. HSC is expected to generate estimated annual revenue of $85 million. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to John Serra and the HSC team to our Industrial operations. We are encouraged by the strong results in the Industrial business thus far in the year. Looking forward, we expect our plans and initiatives to drive both core and acquisitive growth combined with the extended industrial growth cycle, which still has strength to support strong results for this segment in the quarters ahead. We also remain pleased with our investment in Inenco, the Australian-based industrial distribution company we partnered with in 2017. This team just wrapped up a strong fiscal first quarter. While we currently have a 35% investment in Inenco, we will look to increase our investment in 2019. Their strategic supplier base lines up well with Motion's and they give us a strong hold not only in Australasia, but also in strategic markets like Indonesia and Singapore.  As we reflect on our Industrial performance and future growth prospects, we are especially proud of the resilience this team has demonstrated following the loss of Tim Breen, the President and CEO of Motion Industries. On August 20, we announced Tim's sudden passing, and we are all deeply saddened by the loss of such a good friend and colleague. He will be truly missed. Randy Breaux and Kevin Storer, both very talented and seasoned executives, have stepped up to lead the Motion team, and we are certain that the Industrial Group is in very capable hands as we move forward. And we know Tim would be very proud of his Motion team.  So now let's turn to S.P. Richards, our Business Products Group. This segment reported total sales of $496 million, up 1.3% for the third quarter. The increase was driven by the growth in comp sales and marks the first positive sales comp since the third quarter of 2015. And more encouraging, this improvement reflects the increase in sales for three of our product categories: core office supplies, technology and FPS, our facilities break room and safety supply category. As mentioned earlier, our definitive agreement with Essendant announced in April April, whereby GPC would spin off the SPR business and merge it with Essendant, was terminated in September. Despite our best efforts to proceed with this agreement, Essendant's Board of Directors determined that the competing acquisition proposal from Staples was a superior proposal as defined in the merger agreement. While we disagree with this determination, the SPR and Essendant merger agreement was terminated and GPC was paid a $12 million termination fee.  Considering these circumstances, GPC will continue to operate the S.P. Richards business. We believe with – that with further industry consolidation, there is significant opportunity for this business to grow and deepen its relationships with both independent dealers and other customer channel, and we'll continue to invest in these growth opportunities when and where appropriate.  Finally, we extend our thanks to all of our associates at S.P. Richards. Our team, led by Rick Toppin, has done a terrific job of staying focused on what truly is important, and that is providing exceptional service to all of our customers. So that is a summary of our consolidated and business segment sales results for the third quarter of 2018. We were pleased to show progress in our operations and report improved results and will continue to build on these positive trends as we move through the fourth quarter of the year and on into 2019. So with that, I’ll hand it over to Carol for her remarks. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will begin with a review of our key financial information and then we will provide our updated outlook for 2018. Our total sales in the third quarter were up 15.3% or up 4% on a comp basis, which excludes acquisitions and a 1% unfavorable foreign currency translation. Our gross margin for the third quarter was 31.43%, which compares to 29.95% last year. Consistent with the first half of 2018, this strong increase primarily reflects the higher gross margin associated with AAG and other acquisitions. In addition, we continue to see improved margins in our core U.S. Automotive and Industrial businesses. The Industrial business has also benefited from a slight increase in supplier incentives. We remain focused on enhancing our gross margins through several key initiatives, including ongoing supplier negotiations, both globally and across our businesses; the investment in more flexible and sophisticated pricing and digital strategies; improved analytic capabilities around product and customer profitability. We expect these initiatives to support our current gross margin rates in the quarters ahead despite the growing competitiveness across the markets we serve. The pricing environment has been more inflationary in our Industrial and Business Products businesses thus far in 2018. We also saw the initial signs of inflation in our Automotive segment in the third quarter, and we would expect to see this trend continue over the balance of the year and into 2019 due to the current tariff regulation. While the impact of tariffs has been fairly minimal through the nine months, the most recent list of goods subject to the 10% tariff is extensive and something that our teams are managing with our suppliers as we move forward. We continue to expect to pass along any increases to our customers as we have thus far. Our cumulative supplier price increases through the nine months of 2018 were up 4.1% in Automotive, up 3.2% in Industrial and up 1.5% in Office. Our SG&A and other expenses for the third quarter were $1.19 billion, which represents 25.25% of sales. This has improved from the first and second quarters due primarily to our stronger core sales growth. In addition, while we continue to experience ongoing pressure from rising costs in areas such as payroll, freight and delivery, our teams are addressing these factors and making progress on our cost-saving plans and initiatives. Finally, we would add that our third quarter SG&A included a $3.1 million benefit associated with transaction and other costs related to AAG and the attempted transaction to spin off S.P. Richards, which is net of the favorable impact of a $12 million termination fee. Now we will discuss the results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the third quarter was $2.6 billion, which is up 23% from the prior year. And our operating profit is $227 million was up 27%, with operating margin of 8.6% compared to 8.3% margin in the third quarter of 2017. The increase in operating margin relates to the improved leverage on our 3% comparable sales growth in the U.S. and reflects our first quarterly margin expansion since the first quarter of 2016. We are optimistic for further expansion in the quarters ahead. Our Industrial sales were $1.6 billion in the quarter, a strong 8% increase from Q3 of 2017. Our operating profit of $119 million is up 10% and our operating margin is 7.6% compared to 7.4% last year, with the 20 basis point increase due to another quarter of solid gross margin expansion and leverage on expenses from the 7% comp sales increase. The Industrial business has been consistently strong since the start of 2017, and based on our outlook for continued strength, we expect to see further margin expansion at Industrial as we move forward. Our Business Products revenue for $496 million, up 1% from the prior year. Their operating profit of $20 million was down 17% and their operating margin is 4%. So despite positive total sales growth and the first positive comp for this group since the third quarter of 2015, this business continues to be pressured by the lack of expense leverage, challenging industry conditions and an unfavorable product and customer mix shifts. With that said, we have plans and initiatives in place to further improve revenues for the Business Products Group to better leverage our expenses and stabilize the margin. Our total operating profit in the third quarter was up 18% on the 15% sales increase, and our operating profit margin was 7.7% compared to 7.6% last year. This is our best performance of the year, and while pleased to report the margin improvement, we will continue to execute on our initiatives to deliver further expansion. We had net interest expense of $22 million in the quarter. And for 2018, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $0.96 to $0.98. This is down from our previous guidance of $98 million to $100 million and is primarily due to lower interest from the decrease in debt as well as some beneficial cross currency strategies. Our total amortization expense was $24 million for the third quarter, which is an increase from $12 million last year, primarily due to the amortization related to AAG. For 2018, we expect full year amortization to be in the range of $88 million to $90 million. Our depreciation expense was $37 million for the quarter, and for the full year, we continue to expect total depreciation to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million. On a combined basis, we expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $230 million to $240 million. The other line, which represents our corporate expense, was $29 million for the third quarter, which includes an approximate $3 million benefit associated with transaction and other costs, net of the favorable termination fee that we recorded in the quarter. Excluding this benefit and the transaction and other costs that were incurred in the third quarter of 2017, our adjusted corporate expense was $32 million or a $6 million increase from last year, which is primarily due to payroll pressures, including incentive and variable pay, increased costs for minority interest and ongoing investments in IT and security initiatives. For the full year, we currently expect our corporate expense to be in the range of $120 million to $125 million range, excluding transaction-related costs. This compares to our previous guidance of $115 million to $125 million. Our tax rate for the third quarter was 24.5%, down significantly from the 35.7% tax rate in the prior year due mainly to the benefit of the U.S. tax reform. Looking forward, we continue to expect a 25% tax rate for 2018, and we anticipate a higher fourth quarter tax rate as we finalize our provisional tax reform adjustment. So now let’s turn to a discussion of the balance sheet, which remains strong and in excellent condition. Our accounts receivable of $2.7 billion is up 23% from the prior year and up 7% excluding the impact of acquisitions, primarily AAG and foreign currency. This increase is greater than our 4% comp sales increase for the third quarter, but it primarily relates to one less collection day in September. We remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at September 30 was $3.5 billion, which is up 5% from September of last year and down 1% excluding AAG, our other acquisitions as well as foreign currency. Our teams continue to improve the inventory levels in our core businesses and will continue to manage this key investment to the appropriate levels as we move forward. Our accounts payable of $4 billion at September 30 is up 23% in total and up 9% over the prior year excluding AAG, other acquisitions and foreign currency. The net increase in payables reflects the benefit of improved payment terms with certain suppliers, and at September 30, our AP-to-inventory ratio improved to 114% from 110% at June 30. We are especially pleased with our progress in managing our trade payables and its positive impact on our cash flows. Our total debt of $2.9 billion of September 30 is up from $1.1 billion last September, but is down from $3.2 billion at June 30. The increase from September last year reflects our borrowings for the AAG acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our debt arrangement vary in maturity, and currently the average interest rate on our total debt stands at 3%. We’re comfortable with our current debt structure and have a strong balance sheet and financial capacity to support our growth initiatives, including strategic acquisitions and large investments such as AAG and the Inenco Group in Australia, which we believe serves to create significant value for our shareholders. So in summary, our balance sheet is a key strength of the company. Turning to our cash flows, we have generated $926 million in cash from operations for the nine months in 2018, which has much improved from the last year due to the increase in net income and the improved working capital position. Our cash flows continue to support our ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. For 2018, we are increasing our projected cash from operations to the $1 billion to $1.1 billion range, up from our previous guidance of $950 million to $1 billion. Likewise, we expect free cash flow to be in the range of $400 million to $450 million. Our priorities for cash remain the dividend, reinvestment in our businesses, share repurchases and strategic acquisitions. Regarding the dividend, 2018 represents our 62nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders. Our 2018 annual dividend of $2.88 represents a 7% increase from 2017. We’ve invested $92 million in capital expenditures thus far in 2018, and for the year, we’re planning for capital expenditures in the range of $175 million to $200 million, which accounts for the impact of AAG and certain technology, facility and productivity investments that we have planned for in association with our tax savings. Regarding our share repurchase program, we have 17.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase, and we expect to be active in the program over the long term. We continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment, and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. So now let’s turn to our guidance for 2018. Based on our performance thus far in 2018, our growth plans and initiatives, including our announced acquisitions and the market conditions that we see for the foreseeable future, we expect total sales for 2018 to be in the range to – of plus 14% to plus 15%, and this guidance excludes the benefit of any future acquisitions and represents an increase from the previous guidance of plus 13% to plus 14%. By business, we’re currently expecting plus 22% to plus 23% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, which is an increase from the previous guidance of plus 21% to plus 22%. Plus 7% to plus 8% total sales growth for the Industrial segment, which is an increase from the plus 6% to plus 7% previously. And a sales decrease of minus 1% to minus 2% for Business Products, which has improved from the prior guidance of down 3% to down 4%. On the earnings side, we currently expect adjusted earnings per share excluding any transaction- related costs and fees incurred during the year to be in the range of $5.60 to $5.70. This represents a small change from our previous EPS guidance of $5.60 to $5.75 and better reflects our performance through the nine months, as well as our expectations for the fourth quarter. So that’s our financial report for the third quarter, and we’re pleased to build on the positive momentum from the first half of 2018 and show progress in several areas, including SG&A, our total operating margin and working capital. As we noted before, further progress in these areas remains a top priority for us as we move forward And at this point, I’d like to turn it back to Paul.
Paul Donahue : Thank you, Carol. In our closing comments last quarter, we alluded to a few areas requiring improvement and we outlined our plans to drive these improvements. We called out the need to show progress in our core operating results, specifically our U.S. Automotive margins. We discussed the need to drive core sales growth to better leverage our fixed expenses. We also discussed rising cost and the need to aggressively attack operating cost, while continuing to provide exceptional customer service. We are pleased we can report progress in just about every facet of our U.S. Automotive operations along with our other business units. As we look to the highlights from the third quarter, there are many. Sales remained strong at $4.7 billion and up 15%. Comp sales were up 4.3%, our strongest comp increase in almost four years, driven by improvement across all of our business segments. Automotive comp sales plus 3%, including a 3.2% increase for our U.S. operations, the strongest comp since Q1 of 2016. Industrial comp sales at plus 7%, the strongest comp since Q4 of 2014. And finally, Business Products Group comp sales 1.3%, their strongest comp growth since Q3 of 2015. We saw a continued gross margin expansion and improving SG&A expense trend. Our operating margin expansion driven by 30 basis point improvement in Automotive and 20 basis point improvement in Industrial. Adjusted EPS of $1.48 was up 29%, and we strengthened our balance sheet, improved our operating cash flows, with the excellent working capital management. We announced strategic acquisitions with Automotive adding TMS and Platinum in Europe and Hastings in the U.S. and Industrial adding HSC. And finally, we increased our full year sales guidance to plus 14% to plus 15%, and we fine-tuned our full year adjusted EPS guidance to plus 19% to plus 21% over last year. So, it was a productive quarter for GPC, and we entered the final quarter of 2018 with plans and initiatives to further improve on our operating results. We remain committed to an organic and acquisitive sales strategy to drive long-term sustained revenue growth while also focusing on the continued improvement in our gross margins and cost management. We are excited for the future, and as always, we look forward to updating you on our progress when we report again next quarter. With that, we'll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Chris.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Christopher Horvers: Nice acceleration in NAPA U.S. and upside in industrial.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Christopher Horvers: Wanted to ask a little bit about the do-it-for-me side of NAPA in the U.S. Looking at the past two quarters, we had you about down 1% in the U.S. do-it-for-me in 1Q and then up a similar modest amount in 2Q. It seems like the do-it-for-me side accelerated to, call it, a 4% to 5% trend. Is that about right? And broadly, can you talk about the category performance that you saw that drove this acceleration?
Paul Donahue: Sure, Chris. Happy to do so. When you say category, you're talking product categories, Chris?
Christopher Horvers: Yes, please.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, strong-strong quarter in our battery business, strong quarter in our filter business. Those two categories are two of our single largest categories. We had another good quarter in our tool and equipment business. So those would be three that certainly would warrant being called out. But we also called out AutoCare, our NAPA AutoCare business, which is a $1 billion-plus business for us. We had our really -- our second really good quarter in a row. Many of the initiatives our team has put into place are beginning to take hold, which is great to see. And on the Major Accounts side, our nationally-branded chain, all showed solid growth in the quarter as well. So a combination of things. And Chris, we always talk about the weather. That certainly did not hurt us at all in the quarter as well.
Christopher Horvers: So I had a question about that, I mean, I could understand having strong AC business given the hot summer in July, in August in the battery, but you commented that September was your best month, I think, in the U.S. on a days -- day basis given the extra Sunday that you had. So what would you attribute the strength in September to? Is it just that sort of lag effect? Is it more pricing coming through on the inflation front? Any comment there?
Paul Donahue: Well, September was still -- again, if you go back to the weather, Chris, September was still really warm month in many of our markets. But I think it's also, as we have said many, many times on these calls, that the weather tends to build on itself. So you had a really cold winter followed by a hot summer. That hot summer -- the batteries and the like aren't going to fail immediately when you hit the months of June and July. It does tend to build on itself. And I think, what we saw with our strong average daily sales in September was just really the culmination of all that wear and tear, and certainly, we saw it in the failure-type products as well as the maintenance products.
Christopher Horvers: And then the last question is on the inflation front, I mean, some of the CPI data seems to be accelerating here in the third quarter. You talked about auto inflation, I think, 40 bps cumulatively through the first nine months and I think the first half was sort of flat. So does that imply that maybe a 100 bps of the comp acceleration is pricing coming through on the inflation front?
Carol Yancey: Yes, I think on the inflation front, we did see a bit of inflation in Q3 and you mentioned the 40 bps that really is what we saw in the latter part of the nine months. We'd be lucky to get to a full point by the end of the year, maybe more like a 0.5 to maybe 0.75 at the end of the year, excluding any kind of tariff impact. So again, positive for us to see but truly not a significant impact on our true same-store sales. I mean, we had, just as Paul mentioned, strong commercial growth with a couple of our major wholesale-type programs and improvement across the board in a lot of product categories.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. Thanks very much. That’s great.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Livers: Hi. This is actually Jonathan Livers on for Scot this morning. Thank you for taking my question and really nice quarter guys.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Jonathan Livers: Yes. Could you give us a sense of what geographies performed well, especially in the U.S. auto side of the business?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Happy to Jonathan. We saw real strength in some of our biggest markets. We were certainly led in the quarter by our Midwest business, our Midwest team had a terrific quarter with strong single-digit comps. Our Northeast part of the country also had a very strong quarter, and that team has been performing well all year. Some of our warmer markets to the Southeast and Southwest performed well. Again, the Southeast has been stepping up most of the year for us. So those would be four that I would definitely call out.
Jonathan Livers: Yes. Thank you for that. And just a quick follow-up if I could, what kind of – could you perhaps quantify or discuss? You mentioned it briefly at the beginning that the impact of Hurricane Florence in the quarter that had on the business? I know you just mentioned the Southeast was strong, but any impact it had there?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, first Jonathan, I appreciate you asking that question. The -- we had two events, one really hit in October and that would be Michael, but Florence definitely had an impact across our business and more in our Atlantic division, which is up in the Carolinas. We had close to, I think, 100 stores closed at one time in NAPA, but we also had many of our Motion branches that were closed. We'll pick up some of those sales with storm-related-type products, generators, cleanup supplies and the like. And -- but I would tell you, a good bit of our focus was really assisting both our associates as well as our independent owners, just helping get back on their feet and recover from some of the damages in the stores. Michael, which, as we know, was I think the worst hurricane to hit the U.S. in 50-plus years. We still have parts at the Panhandle that do not have electricity. We had stores as well as Motion branches in the Panhandle. Panama City had significant damage, significant water damage. But other stores in the Panhandle as well as South Georgia as well were impacted.
Jonathan Livers: Got it. Thank you very much for the color.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Fassler: Thanks so much. Appreciate it. I want to start with a couple of quick ones on Automotive. First of all, you spoke about the pace of the trend through Q3 and through September in particular. Can you talk about the organic automotive comp implied in your guidance for the fourth quarter?
Carol Yancey: Sure. We are implying for an Automotive comp guidance would be similar to where we are through the full year. So if you look at Automotive, and our total Automotive comps excluding AAG through the nine months around 2%, so we would assume in Q4 that we would have 2% to 3% comps, but maybe more towards the 3% range. So that's implied in our guidance. Matthew
Matt Fassler: Got you. And I know that we're only on October 18, for there's only 18 days. Anything that you've seen quarter-to-date to shake you off that?
Carol Yancey: Well, that's consistent with what our implied Q4 guidance is. So again, we're going to be comfortable with that range.
Matt Fassler: Got you. Understood. And then, second question, in Industrial, you spoke about some of the factors, some of the cross wins, I guess, impacting the ability to leverage in that business, and your sales have clearly recovered and you're closing the gap with your peers on the comp store sales line as well. Can you talk about what you need to see or what you can do to extract more leverage from that sales strength? Is it a function of industry conditions? Is it a function of getting the comp above that 7% level? If you could talk, maybe if there are cost initiatives that are underway. And I know you referred to some of them that you think you can get more traction as we move through the year and then into 2019.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So great question. And look, we are pleased with where Industrial is from a sales basis, and actually, as we called out all year, they've had really nice improvement on the gross margin line. So for the quarter and year-to-date, nice, close to 40 bps improvement on the gross margin line. Where the headwinds are is in SG&A, and as we pointed out all year, I mean, they saw, as with many businesses, significant increase in freight and freight-related cost. So to the tune of 20 to 25 basis points is what we are seeing. We saw it in Q2 and seeing in Q3. Also, have some payroll pressures, which, again, we talked about before. So it's causing them -- despite having a strong 7% growth, causing them not to quite have as much leverage on the SG&A side. Having said that, our industrial teams are working really hard to make sure that they can pass along these increases and look forward to passing those along. You don't always are able to pass it along as quickly as you'd like because so much of their business is under contract. But they're working hard to kind of drive the freight recovery through higher cost of invoicing, and they're also looking to leverage better on their staffing levels and just overall SG&A. So again, we see improvement there but really the things that are holding us back are on the SG&A line.
Paul Donahue: And Matt, I would just add to that, the team at Motion is always looking at opportunities to consolidate facilities and branches where possible and where necessary. We are also looking at further investing in productivity-enhancing technology in our operations as well. And then last is, as we do in our Automotive business, we're just looking constantly at tools that will help us optimize our pricing approach and pricing strategies.
Matt Fassler: Understood guys. Thank you so much for that.
Paul Donahue: You’re Welcome. Thanks Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Just one question on, as we look out to next year and you guys start to do your planning, and do you think there's any reason to believe that if we have a normal winter that demand would for some reason be slowing in 2019 in the auto business particularly versus 2018? I mean, anything in like the macro or demographics that you're seeing, fleet of vehicles that you think is – would be cause for a concern on the demand side.
Paul Donahue: Elizabeth, thanks for your question, and no, there is nothing on the horizon that would suggest that we should see a slowdown in our parts business here in the U.S. If anything, we think some of the tailwinds that we'll get from the car park – the aging of the car park as we further distance ourselves from 2008 and 2009 will actually be a benefit. So you started out with assuming we have normal weather, that's always an impact. We'll just – we'll continue to hope for the best. But no, they are – we are bullish on our parts business here in the U.S. and expect to see it to continue to perform well.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great. Thanks.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush. Please proceed with your question.
Seth Basham: My first question is on the gross margins. Another good performance, of course, driven by AAG. I was hoping you could quantify the contribution of the gross margin increase from AAG as well as the gross margin improvement in the U.S. auto businesses?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So what I would speak to on gross margin, if you strip out the impact of AAG, our gross margin in the quarter was up probably 20 to 25 basis points. And I would say that, that came from a combination of the Industrial improvement that I talked about earlier and also the U.S. Automotive improvement as well. Now these are being offset by a decline on the Business Products side, which is primarily related to the mix issues that we've faced basically all year. So our core gross profit, again, has been up pretty consistently for a couple of quarters, and we would expect to be able to continue to see improvement there.
Seth Basham: Got it. So with Industrial up 40 bps or so, that would suggest the U.S. Automotive business is probably up somewhere in the 20 bps range year-over-year for the quarter?
Carol Yancey: Yes, that's a fair estimate.
Seth Basham: All right, great. Thank you. And then secondly, as we think about the impact of tariffs, you guys mentioned that you expect to be able to pass along any tariffs that you – the price increases related to tariffs going forward. Could you give us some perspective on if you've already started raising prices as a result of tariffs and if you've been able to recoup all those costs?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So I think the first comment I mentioned is on the Industrial side. You saw pretty heavy inflation that they've seen year-to-date, 3.2%. That – some of that is indirectly tariff-related because there are a number of – there are manufacturing partners that have materials and components from China that could be part of their final products. So there is some implied tariff that's in the Industrial business, and we talked about passing that through and there is a little bit of a lag there. But as it relates to the Automotive side and Business Products, I mean, through the nine months, we would say that there was minimal impact of tariffs. As you know, the more significant tariff, the List 3 came into effect the last quarter – for the last week in September. So as we look ahead on that, we would expect to be working, and we have been working very closely with our suppliers, and our intention would be to pass those along to the customer.
Paul Donahue: Seth, I would just add a couple of comments to what Carol said. One of the things that doesn't get talked about much as we discussed tariffs, there's a positive outcome to the situation with tariffs as well and that's for Motion. If you recall, one of our top- performing business segments this past quarter is an iron and steel. We've got mills coming back up online in the U.S., and those are a few of our biggest customers promotion. So that business is benefiting from the tariffs, continues to do very, very well. But at the end of the day, Seth, our expectation is that we will pass along the price increases as we have in the past. But I would also tell you that we'll monitor the situation very closely. We'll watch we are lining up competitively in the marketplace and we'll respond accordingly.
Seth Basham: Got it. And just a follow-up on that Paul. I think you guys have mentioned some 40% of your U.S. auto COGS are from China. As a mitigation strategy, would you look to find other sources for some of those products coming from China?
Paul Donahue: Yes, we would, Seth. And I would just say that the 40% is our total amount of our imports coming into the Automotive parts group. We would say, directly out of China is closer to sort of 20%. But as I said, we'll continue to monitor it, and if we have to look for alternative sources, we will do so. The advantage of having a extremely strong brand like NAPA is we can shift and we can shift very quickly to other countries and other sources if we find that we can't remain competitive in a particular market.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you very much and good luck.
Paul Donahue: Your welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bret Jordan: Good morning guys. Question on AAG, and as you lever working capital, I guess, how have you done on an AP-to-inventory basis in Europe? And then, as you build in incremental businesses like the battery distribution, how do we think about maybe EBITDA margins looking out a year or two given the business mix?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so I'll start off with a working capital for AAG and just comment that our improvement in working capital in Q3 was completely driven by our core existing business, primarily Automotive, with the impact of extended terms with some of our U.S. vendors and then also more normalized level of purchasing. So we have not seen the impact of the working capital improvement, specifically for AAG. But having said that, we've got a number of things in process that we know that we will be able to achieve those synergies and the working capital improvement within the next – at the end of three years is what we've got out there. So we are certainly encouraged by the opportunities we have coming on working capital from AAG and know that there are opportunities there.
Paul Donahue: And then Bret, I would just – the second part of your question, with some of our acquisitions, our expectations is those will not be dilutive to our overall margins. And as you know, we've been quite active on the M&A front in Europe and we intend to continue to be. I think what has been encouraging for us in 2018 is our core growth, and we continue to see same-store sales in the core markets we currently compete in, in the 3% to 4% range. And that's been – that's honestly been very encouraging for us, and we expect that – and intend to keep that moving forward. We're excited with the acquisitions of both TMS and Platinum and then Hennig, which will be, we suspect, finalized in Q4. All three will be additive to AAG in 2019.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Great. And then one final question on the U.S. auto. You mentioned national accounts were strong. Have you picked up new national accounts? Or is this strength with existing national accounts? I'm just – I guess, the real question is, is your 3.2% U.S. comp, do you think that that's a share gain number? Or do you think that was sort of in line with the underlying market growth?
Paul Donahue: Well, I guess, Bret, we'll have to wait and see how the other public companies report. You never quite know for sure.
Bret Jordan: I was hoping you were going to tell us. That was the point.
Paul Donahue: When you're the first one out, you'll have to kind of wait and see. But look, we're pleased with the 3.2%, and as I said in my prepared remarks, Bret, our team has worked awfully, awfully hard, and it's great to see the turnaround and the continued sequential improvement in our same-store sales. I would just give you a little bit more color on our Major Account business. The growth that we're seeing, I called out our nationally-branded chain, they are doing well. Where we've seen a little bit of a softness is in some of our government business and a bit of our fleet business, and that's an opportunity for us to get that back on a growth curve in Q4 and on into 2019.
Bret Jordan: Okay great thank you.
Paul Donahue: Yes, you welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Melich: Hi thanks and great quarter guys. I wanted to follow up on a couple of things. Carol, I think you mentioned that pressure was more in SG&A and actually freight cost showing up in SG&A. Is that the reason that the guidance actually was unchanged or trend a little bit at the top end despite sales being stronger? Was there anything else that sort of factored into that, the guidance shift calculation?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I'll just mention, and you're right, on the payroll and the freight, both of those in Q2 and also Q3 are growing at a pace much further than our sales. So if sales are growing without AAG 5%, freight and delivery is up something like 10%, 11% and payroll's up 6% or 7%. So you're certainly seeing that and we're expecting that to continue in Q4. The real modification, and again, we were pleased to be able to raise our sales guidance when we considered where we were thus far in nine months, consider the acquisitions. And then quite honestly, net of an FX headwinds, we are pleased to raise the sales guidance. We really just fine-tuned the earnings guidance based on where we are thus far. And look, FX had a negative impact of $0.02 in the quarter, and there may be a little bit more pressure in Q4. As I mentioned, we still have the pressures from payroll and freight. We called out a little bit of a corporate expense number, too. So just – really just narrowing, refining where we think we're going to be based on where we are through nine months.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then Carol, another follow-up on the balance sheet, and then Paul, I had a strategy question. We're at a level now we have, I guess, 1.5 times debt to EBITDA, so plenty of ability to do other things. When the new lease accounting comes in, we get to back to around three times debt to EBITDA. Is that – do you think that's about a rough – add a little bit of over a turn when we think about the new standards? Or you haven't even looked at that yet?
Carol Yancey: Actually, if we – we're still looking at that. When you look at our minimum lease payments, which is something like $1.1 billion and when you add some of the other items that will go in there, you're probably fairly close. But quite honestly, as I think all companies probably facing this, I think there will be a consistent change in how everybody looks at this and whether everybody pulls it out and would start it without leases or it just adjust. But again, we – the idea is we have a reasonable level that we are at right now. We certainly have capacity and flexibility, and with our working capital improvement, we're really pleased with that. So I don't think the lease number is going to change the basic strategy of our capital allocation or debt or acquisition strategy.
Greg Melich: Got it. And Paul, there's been a lot of – on the – you mentioned the retail side of the auto business. For the first time in a while, it's great to see do-it-for-me growing faster. But we have seen a lot of competitive shifts and actions going on this summer, and just this week, Advance doing a store within a store with Walmart. I'd like to just hear your opinion, if something like that would be interesting to sort of – or is it something that could put too much conflict with the do-it-for-me side of the business? Or are there other considerations that you think about if thinking about doing something like that?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Greg, as far as yesterday's announcement, it's a bit early for us to have any real specific reaction. We didn't really get any details as what their plan is or how the mechanics of this are going to work. What I would tell you from Genuine Parts Company and NAPA, what we are excited about and we'll continue to invest in is our own online initiatives and driving our omnichannel strategy. We launched an app online, which is our flagship here in the U.S. We're seeing over 0.5 million visits now per month. We have customers both click and collecting in our stores as well as having products shipped directly to home. We reached – recently launched in Australia. We've had over 3.5 million visits to our new site there, averaging 25,000 a day in terms of site visits. We launched in Canada as well. So we're focused on our omnichannel strategy. Greg, feel good about what we're doing, we feel good. And I'm glad you called out that our commercial businesses, which is our real focus. And when you think about the new sites and the announcements of yesterday, I think that's going to be more DIY-centric than it would ever be DIFM- type centric.
Greg Melich: Got it, thanks a lot and good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, our final question will come from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks. I want to follow up on the 20% China. It was kind of lower than I was expecting. Is that just a direct source mix? Does that include Chinese sales from U.S. suppliers, the sourcing in China?
Carol Yancey: Yes, Chris. And again, I just want to be clear that what we gave out, so for our U.S. Automotive business, which, again, is probably about – if you look at our total cost of goods sold for the company, U.S. would be, say, 75% to 80%. When you look specifically at Automotive, we said 40% is directly sourced outside the U.S. and 20% of that would be China impacted by tariff. And so, as we work and look down through Industrial, as I mentioned, very, very small amount. It's more indirect. Office products, we would have something like 10% of their cost of goods sold that's subject to the Chinese tariffs, even though they source a lot more outside the U.S. There's products that aren't subject to it. So at the end of the day, when you look for GPC in total, you're talking about less than 10% of our cost of goods sold. In total, something more like maybe 7% or 8% that is impacted.
Paul Donahue: Chris, I would also – when you start to break it down on the Automotive side and you start to look at the various product categories that are impacted that we know of right now, you also need to look at what's not impacted. So our biggest categories, which I mentioned earlier, where we saw a significant growth in Q3, batteries, filters, oil and chemicals, none of those product categories are impacted by the tariffs. The tariffs, really, you're looking at undercar, some brake rotors friction, chassis-type product. So yes, it's impactful. We've got cross-functional teams working between our pricing groups, our sourcing groups, our product groups that are pouring through the data. And again, as I said in my earlier comments, our intention is that we will pass it through as we normally do, but we will also continue to monitor where we are from a competitive standpoint.
Chris Bottiglieri: That's really helpful. And then, these numbers you've provided, are those just tariffs that have already been passed? Or does this include proposed tariffs that haven't officially been passed through yet?
Carol Yancey: So what we are talking about is the List three, the 10% tariff, about $200 billion in goods that just went into effect at the very end of September. And so what we're talking about is what is specifically impacted by the ones that have just been passed. And again, remember, there is – there was no really – no impact, virtually no impact on our business through the nine months.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That makes sense. And then just unrelated. So even an update on your U.S. fleet business. I would take like rig count and oil and kind of rebasing. Just want to get a sense for, how that business is performing? And to what extent that, that's contributing to your high levels of commercial comp growth?
Paul Donahue: Yes. I mentioned earlier, Chris, when I break down our Major Accounts business, you really got to get into the detail and look at the various segments. Our Major Accounts business was basically flat, down slightly in Q3. But our nationally-branded chains, all performed well in the quarter. Where we saw some – where we saw a bit of softness was in our fleets and some of our government business. So our team's working really hard to understand where some of that softness is coming from in the fleet business, and we're going to work really hard to turn that around in Q4 and heading into 2019.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you, that’s helpful. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Carol Yancey: Well, we want to thank each of you for listening to and participating in our earnings call today. And we look forward to reporting back to you with our Q4 results in February. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney Jones - SVP, IR  Paul Donahue - President, CEO & Director  Carol Yancey - EVP, CFO & CAO
Analysts: Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Elizabeth Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Gregory Melich - MoffettNathanson Christopher Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Anna Jolly - G. Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter two018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Sidney Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter two018 Conference Call to discuss our earnings results and current outlook for the full year. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Carol Yancey, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call also may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this morning's press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. Now let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and welcome to our second quarter two018 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our second quarter two018 results. I'll make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights across our three businesses, Automotive, Industrial and business products. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2018. After that, we'll open up the call to your questions.  So to recap our second quarter performance across our global platform, total sales were a record $4.8 billion, up 17.6%, driven by the favorable impact of strategic acquisitions and a 3.4% comp sales increase, which has improved from the plus 2% in the first quarter. Net income was $227 million and earnings per share of $1.54 was also a new record. Excluding the impact of transaction and other cost related to the acquisition of Alliance Automotive Group and the agreement to spin off the Business Products Group, adjusted net income was $234 million, up 23%, and adjusted earnings per share was $1.59, also up 23%.  As we look to our global Automotive group, total sales were 27.7% in the second quarter, including an approximate 2.1% comp sales increase, which compares to a 1.5% increase in the first quarter. We are pleased to see our comps headed in the right direction. We also have the benefit of acquisitions and favorable foreign currency translation. Breaking it down further, sales for our U.S. Automotive operations were up 4% in the second quarter, with comp sales up 1.5% and improved from the first quarter. We were encouraged by the positive shift in the underlying sales environment for this business, which we believe reflects the continuing favorable effect of this winter's more normalized weather as well as the summer heat across most of the U.S. in both May and June.  After a slow start out of the gate, largely due to the cold and wet conditions at the start of spring, our sales were much improved in both May and June. By market segment, sales to our retail customers continue to outpace sales to the commercial segment, although our commercial comps were improved from the first quarter and reflect our strongest results over the past 9 quarters. By customer segment, we were encouraged to see stronger results in both NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts sales. NAPA AutoCare sales were plus 3% for the quarter while Major Accounts sales were up slightly for their first positive comp in several quarters. Looking ahead, we believe the improving conditions for underlying sales demand, combined with our ongoing initiatives, continue to enhance our value-added services for both existing and new commercial customers. This should drive further sales growth in the upcoming quarters.  Turning to our retail business. We remain pleased with the continued solid growth in this segment due primarily to initiatives like the NAPA Rewards Program, expanded store hours and our retail impact store project. These initiatives continue to drive incremental sales growth. And while retail remains at 20% to 25% of our U.S. Automotive sales, it is an important segment of the overall market.  In summary, we are encouraged by the improvement in our U.S. Automotive comp sales in the second quarter, and we expect to see demand across the aftermarket continue to strengthen. As we head into the second half of 2018, we are seeing the positive shift in demand for failure and maintenance parts due to the continuing impact of more normalized winter weather patterns and the record heat across much of the U.S. thus far this summer. We expect the number of vehicles in the aftermarket sweet spot to further stabilize and ultimately become a tailwind in 2019 and into 2020. The long-term fundamental drivers for the automotive aftermarket remained sound with a growing total and aging fleet and an increasing -- increase in miles driven among consumers. We also expect our ongoing acquisitions and overall footprint expansion to positively contribute to our future sales.  In addition to the five Smith Auto Parts stores added to our U.S. network in March, which we discussed last quarter, we recently added the Sanel Auto Parts to our network of independent NAPA auto parts stores. Sanel Auto Parts is a 44-store, fourth generation business with market-leading position in New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine markets. Sanel represents the largest independent changeover in the history of NAPA, and we want to welcome both David and Bobby Segal and the entire Sanel team to the NAPA and GPC family. The addition of Smith auto and Sanel Auto Parts to our overall store network, as well as other accretive tuck-in acquisitions, remain an important part of our growth strategy, and we see additional opportunities to expand our U.S. store footprint.  So now let's turn to our international Automotive businesses in Canada, Mexico, Europe and Australasia. Collectively, these operations delivered a second consecutive quarter of 6% total sales growth, including a 2% comp sales increase and accounted for approximately 40% of our total Automotive revenues. Starting with our other North American Automotive operations, total sales were up mid-single digits at both NAPA Canada and in Mexico.  In Canada, sales were driven by low single-digit comp sales growth and acquisitions, including the addition of Universal Supply Group on December 31, as we discussed last quarter. The NAPA Canada team remains focused on their sales initiatives and with positive industry fundamentals and a stable economy at their back, we expect continued growth at our Canadian operations over the balance of 2018. Now turning to Alliance Automotive Group. This business continues to operate well across its European footprint in France, the U.K., Germany and Poland. The team at AAG posted mid-single-digit sales comps for the second quarter and continues to benefit from ongoing acquisitions. AAG remains on plan for both sales and profit, and we are pleased with the continued progress on our integration plans, including our initiatives to drive synergies.  As mentioned before, AAG's robust acquisition strategy resulted in additional bolt-on acquisitions again in the second quarter. We also announced on June 7 the addition of the Hennig Group in Germany, a leading supplier of light duty and commercial vehicle parts. Hennig has 31 branches across Germany and is expected to generate annual revenues of approximately $190 million. We are excited to welcome the Hennig team to our German operations and expect to close on this transaction in the September-October time frame. The addition of the Hennig business, the full pipeline of other potential acquisitions and our continued focus on underlying core growth is supported by relatively solid economic and industry fundamentals. We are encouraged by the opportunities we see for our European operations and are confident that the AAG team will drive strong results through the balance of the year and beyond. In Australia and New Zealand, total sales in local currency were up mid-single digits while comp sales were up low single digits in the second quarter, consistent with the first quarter. The Asia Pac team is doing an excellent job of balancing their strategy to generate both comp sales growth and accretive acquisitions, including important e-commerce investments to enhance our digital capabilities.  We expect our continued focus in each of these areas, coupled with sound economic and aftermarket fundamentals, to drive continued solid results. But before we launch into our review of our Industrial business, allow me to summarize our global Automotive results.  After a slow start to the quarter, our U.S. business rebounded in the months of May and June and finished out the quarter with improved comps. Our European acquisition, AAG, continues to outperform, and we expect continued great things from this team. Our remaining international Automotive businesses in Australasia, Canada and Mexico continue to perform to plan, and we are optimistic for a solid second half from this group.  So now let's turn to our Industrial Parts Group. We are pleased to report the sales environment for this business remains positive. Total sales for Industrial were up 8.7% in the second quarter, including 6.5% comp sales growth, plus the benefit of acquisitions. These increases improved on the already solid growth we reported last quarter and reflect the positive impact of our ongoing growth initiatives and favorable economic and industry-specific factors. These would include the continued strength in major industrial indicators such as Purchasing Managers Index, Industrial production, active rig counts and U.S. exports.  In addition, 13 of our 14 major product groups, including the electrical specialties group, posted sales gains, and all 12 of the top industries we serve were up as well. The aggregate and cement, equipment and machinery, chemicals and allied products industry sectors were especially strong, with each showing low double-digit increases. The broad strength across our products and customer base indicates a strong industrial economy, a promising sign for the balance of 2018 and well into 2019. Our Industrial management teams at motion and EIS continue to work closely together and are making progress to generate additional revenue opportunities, economies of scale and improved efficiencies in the combined organization. The combination of these two businesses into a larger and stronger industrial group was absolutely the right decision for our team and the opportunities we see ahead for this business are encouraging. As we look to the second half of the year, we expect continued strong results from the Industrial group.  We also remain pleased with the ongoing growth at Inenco, the Australian-based industrial distribution company we partnered with in 2017. This business is performing well, having just closed its fiscal year with a record-setting performance. This group surpassed the AUD 500 million threshold for the first time in their fiscal year 2018.  As Inenco further expands its footprints across Australia and New Zealand, with acquisition such as HCD Flow Technology in New Zealand, which we announced last quarter, while they also expand their presence in Indonesia and Singapore, we are further encouraged for the future growth prospects for this business. As a reminder, we currently have a 35% investment in Inenco and we look forward to further investing in this business within the next 12 to 18 months. This quality organization will be a great addition to our global Industrial group. Now a few comments on S.P. Richards, our Business Products Group. This segment reported flat sales for the second quarter, which was a vast improvement from the 5% decrease recorded last quarter. While this business faces headwinds in the demand for traditional office products, our diversification into the facilities, break room and safety supplies category is offsetting some of these headwinds. With that said, we continue to work towards the closing of our definitive agreement with Essendant and now is back on April 12, whereby GPC will spin off the S.P. Richards business and merge it with Essendant, another national business products wholesaler. As discussed last quarter, this transaction made sense for several reasons. Primarily, the newly combined company is in the best interest of all stakeholders as it will be better positioned to effectively compete in the business product space with greater ability to support their customer community. Additionally, this allows GPC to further strengthen our focus on our core and larger, higher growth and more profitable Automotive and Industrial businesses.  Since we last reported on April 19, you are likely aware of several developments involving this transaction with Essendant. Despite these developments, our agreement remains in place. And subject to regulatory and Essendant shareholders' approval, we continue to expect to successfully close on the agreement. We believe the combination of Essendant, along with S.P. Richards, creates a stronger, more diversified business as together, these talented management teams and complementary cultures, with a shared commitment to serving customers, will be better positioned for future success.  Likewise, for employees, the new company will have the scale and depth to compete more effectively. We look forward to supporting the S.P. Richards and Essendant team in facilitating a seamless integration. So that is a summary of our consolidated and business segment sales results for the second quarter of 2018. We are pleased to report improved results with many positive developments to build on as we move through the back half of the year. So with that, I'll hand it over to Carol for her remarks. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will begin with a review of our key financial information and then we will provide an update of outlook for 2018. Our total sales in the second quarter were up 18% or up 3% before acquisitions and a slight benefit from foreign currency translation. Gross margin for the second quarter was 31.55% compared to 30.24% last year. Consistent with the first quarter, this strong increase primarily reflects the higher gross margin associated with AAG and other acquisitions as well as the benefit of increased supplier incentives in our Industrial business. These items were partially offset by lower supplier incentives for the Business Products Group.  We remain focused on enhancing our gross margins through several key initiatives, including continued supplier negotiations both globally and across our businesses, the ongoing investment in more flexible and sophisticated pricing strategies and improved analytic capabilities around product and customer profitability. The pricing environment has been somewhat inflationary in our Industrial and business products businesses thus far in 2018 and we would expect this to continue with the ongoing rhetoric around new tariffs. With the latest round of tariff talk, we could also see an inflationary impact in Automotive, however, there is still a fair amount of uncertainty around its timing and ultimate impact. With that said, we expect to be able to pass along any increases to the customers. Our cumulative supplier increases through the six months of 2018 were flat for Automotive, up 2% in Industrial and up 1.1% for office. Turning to our SG&A. Total expenses for the second quarter were $1.22 billion, representing 25.33% of sales. This is up from last year due to the higher operating cost model at AAG as well as incremental depreciation, amortization and interest associated with the acquisition. In the quarter, we also incurred $9 million in transaction and other cost related to AAG and the pending transaction to spin off S.P. Richards. In addition, we continue to experience the lack of leverage on our comparable sales in the Automotive and business product segments as well as ongoing pressure from rising costs in areas such as payroll, freight and delivery, IT and digital.  Finally, as we discussed in prior calls, we increased the level of technology and productivity investments this year, which we believe will generate longer-term cost savings and efficiencies.  As we move forward in the year, we're focused on our plans to address the rising cost environment and generate meaningful savings. This is essential as we work to improve our operating margin in the Automotive segment and specifically, the U.S. Automotive business. This is a top priority for us, and we're fully committed to taking the necessary steps to get this done. Now let's discuss the results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the second quarter was $2.7 billion, up 28% from the prior year, and operating profit of $244 million was up 18%, with an operating margin of 8.9% compared to the 9.7% margin in the second quarter of 2017. Primarily, the decline in operating margin reflects the deleveraging of expenses in our U.S. Automotive business, as well as the cost pressures and investments just discussed.  Our Industrial sales were $1.6 billion in the quarter, a 9% increase from quarter two, and our operating profit of $125 million is up 12% and our operating margin is 7.8% compared to 7.6% last year, with the 20 basis point improvement due to a solid gross margin and improved leverage on our expenses with a 6.5% comparable sales increase.  We expect to see continued margin expansion at Industrial over the balance of the year. Business products revenues were $483 million, flat with the prior year, and their operating profit of $21 million is down 29%, with an operating margin of 4.4%. Although we saw sales stabilize for this group in the second quarter, the business products segment continues to operate in a challenging environment and faces unfavorable product and customer mix shifts. Both of these issues are pressuring their profitability.  Our total operating profit in the second quarter was up 12% on the 18% sales increase and our operating profit margin was 8.1% compared to the 8.5% last year. This change in margin is consistent with the first quarter and as we said before, improving on these results in the quarters ahead is a top priority for us.  We had net interest expense of $25.5 million in the quarter. And for 2018, we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $98 million to $100 million, which is an increase from our previous guidance of $93 million to $95 million.  Our total amortization expense was $22 million for the second quarter, which is an increase from the prior year due to the amortization related to AAG. For 2018, we're updating our full year amortization to be $88 million to $90 million, which is up from the prior guidance of $83 million to $85 million. Our depreciation expense was $31 million for the quarter, up $4 million from last year. For the full year, we continue to expect total depreciation to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million. And on a combined basis, we would expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $230 million to $240 million.  The other line, which typically reflects our corporate expense was $43 million for the second quarter, and this includes $9 million in transaction-related costs incurred in the quarter. Excluding these costs, our corporate expense was $34 million, which is consistent with the second quarter of 2017.  For 2018, we continue to expect our corporate expense to be in the $115 million to $125 million range, which excludes transaction-related costs. Our tax rate for the second quarter was 24.4%, which is an increase from the 23% in the first quarter, as expected, but down significantly from the 36% tax rate in the prior year, which is due mainly to the benefit of U.S. tax reform. In addition, our tax rate was positively impacted by the favorable mix of U.S. and foreign earnings. We are updating our full year estimate for the 2018 tax rate to approximately 25% from the previous estimate of 26%.  Now let's turn to a discussion of the balance sheet, which remains strong and in excellent condition. Our accounts receivable of $2.7 billion is up 23% from the prior year and up 3%, excluding the impact of acquisition, primarily AAG, as well as foreign currency. The 3% increase is in line with our 3% comparable sales increase for the quarter, so we made progress in improving on our receivables during the quarter. In addition, we remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at June 30 was $3.5 billion, up 5% from June of last year and down 3%, excluding AAG, our acquisitions and foreign currency. Inventory at June 30 highlights the positive impact of our current initiatives to improve the inventory levels in our core businesses, and we're very focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable of $3.8 billion at June 30 is up 16% in total and flat with the prior year excluding AAG, other acquisitions and foreign currency. Our flagged for payables is primarily driven by the 3% increase in inventory, which is resulting from the lower levels of purchasing activity in our U.S. Automotive and Business Products Groups. These factors were partially offset by the benefit of improved payment terms with certain suppliers. And at June 30, our AP to inventory ratio was an approximately 110%. Our total debt of $3.2 billion at June 30 is consistent with our debt at December 31 and March 31, and it reflects our increase in borrowings for the AAG acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2017.  Our debt arrangements vary in maturity and currently, the average interest rate on our total debt stands at 2.98%. We're comfortable with our current debt structure, and we have the strong balance sheet and financial capacity to support our growth initiatives, including strategic acquisitions and investments such as AAG and the Inenco Group in Australia, which we believe creates significant value for our shareholders. So in summary, our balance sheet remains a key strength of the company.  Turning to our cash flows, we've generated $455 million in cash from operations for the six months in 2018, which has improved from last year. Our cash flows continue to support the ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. And for 2018, we continue to project cash from operations in the $950 million to $1 billion range and free cash flow of approximately $400 million.  Our priorities for cash remain the dividend, reinvestment in our businesses, share repurchase and strategic acquisitions. Regarding the dividend, 2018 represents the 52nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders. Our 2018 annual dividend of $2.88 represents a 7% increase from 2017.  We have invested $65 million in capital expenditures thus far in 2018, which is up from $54 million in 2017. For the year, we continue to plan for capital expenditures in the range of $200 million to $220 million, with the increase from 2017 mainly due to the impact of AAG and certain technology, facility and productivity investments that we're planning for in association with our tax savings.  We have not purchased any of our common stock in 2018. And today, we have 17.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to be active in the program over the long term as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. So now let's turn to our guidance for 2018. Based on our current performance, our growth plans and initiatives, as well as the market conditions we see for the foreseeable future, we now expect total sales to be in the range of plus 13% to plus 14%, excluding the benefit of any future acquisitions and any impact from foreign currency. This represents an increase from the previous guidance of plus 12% to plus 13%.  By business, we're currently expecting plus 21% to plus 22% total sales growth for the Automotive segment, which is an increase from the previous guidance of plus 19% to plus 21%. Plus 6% to plus 7% total sales growth for the Industrial segment, which is an increase from the previous plus 4% to plus 5%. And a sales decrease of minus 3% to minus 4% for the Business Products Group, which we continue to include in our guidance until the spinoff transaction is closer to completion. This estimate is unchanged from the prior guidance. On the earnings side, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share, excluding any transaction-related costs incurred during the year, to be in the range of $5.60 to $5.75. This EPS guidance includes the benefit of a full year of operations with S.P. Richards, the Business Products Group.  So that's our financial report for the second quarter. And we closed the first half of 2018 with positive momentum, and we look forward to building on that over the second half of the year as we address those areas in need of improvement, such as our SG&A and Automotive operating margin.  Again, this is a top priority for us, and we look forward to reporting to you on our progress in the quarters ahead. Before turning it back over to Paul, I'd like to thank all of our GPC associates for their continued hard work and dedication at GPC. We appreciate all you do. And now I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. To recap the second quarter, we have several accomplishments to highlight. Although we also have a few areas requiring improvement, and we plan to address these head on. We fully recognize the need to show progress in our core operating results. And the key here is to improve our Automotive margin, specifically in our U.S. operations. To this end, our team is focused on driving core sales growth to better leverage our fixed expenses. We have more work to do to execute on our sales initiatives and maximize the growth opportunities available to us. And we are also focused on ensuring a steady gross margin along with an efficient cost structure.  Rising costs in several areas has continued to offset our savings initiatives, so we must work to eliminate even more cost while continuing to provide exceptional customer service. We are committed to taking action to deliver cost savings in every aspect of our U.S. Automotive business. From an execution standpoint, we can and we will do better. Our team has delivered a much needed lift in revenues this quarter. And now we must increase our intensity around our execution and deliver improved results.  As we look at the highlights from the second quarter, there are many to report on. We established a new sales record at $4.8 billion and up 18%. We established the new earnings record with EPS of $1.54, up 19%. We improved on our Automotive sales comps on our U.S. operation, and we continue to perform well in our international Automotive businesses. Our Industrial segment produced strong sales growth and improved on their profitability with an expanded operating margin. We stabilized our business products sales and continue to work towards the spinoff of this business. We improved the strength of our balance sheet and generated strong cash flows to support our capital allocation plans. We announced the significant strategic acquisition in Germany that will strengthen our position in this key market. And we increased our full year sales guidance to plus 13% to plus 14% and reiterated our full year adjusted EPS guidance at plus 19% to plus 22% over last year.  With these accomplishments, as well as our other action plans to address areas requiring improvement, we entered the second half of 2018 focused on improving our operating results. We will continue to emphasize an organic and acquisitive sales strategy to drive long-term, sustained revenue growth and will continue to execute on our plans and initiatives to enhance our gross margins, reduce cost and build a highly productive and cost-effective infrastructure.  We expect our focus in these key areas to improve the operating performance in our core businesses and for the company overall. As always, we look forward to updating you on our progress again in October when we report our third quarter two018 results. So with that, we'll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Bret Jordan, Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: A couple of questions on AAG. So the mid-single-digit comp in Europe, is that, do you think, better than the market? Are you gaining share there? Or was the market very strong in Europe?
Paul Donahue: Bret, I think that, overall, as we model that business and did our due diligence, we believe we're outperforming right now. Our thoughts going into the year would be really on the low side of positive comps, and we outperformed. And I would really call out our team in the U.K. where we had strong single-digit comps in the U.K. And Germany, we did just fine as well. So a really good performance by the AAG team.
Bret Jordan: How do we think about their EBITDA margin? I guess, it sounds like their gross margin's high, but maybe some incremental SG&A in that business mix?
Carol Yancey: No, actually, when we look at their operating margin, their operating margin is performing better than our U.S. Automotive margin and more in line with our other international Automotive businesses. So they actually carry a slightly higher operating margin and there isn't really any concerns with SG&A with that group. I can tell you when you have mid-single-digit comps and you're growing a little bit better than the industry, they're doing a really nice job on the margin side. So they are at plan with where we told you guys back last year with the $0.45 to $0.50 EPS on a full year basis and probably more at the high end of that number.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then the question I have to ask, any regional performance spreads in the quarter in the U.S.?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Bret, certainly, the strength for us this past quarter was in our warmer markets. So our Southeastern division had a strong quarter. Our Southwestern division had a strong quarter. And if you look out West, we did just fine. They outperformed what we call our colder weather division, so the Midwest, the Central, Northeast, even the Mountain. And again, that April soft start with -- we had snow across the Midwest go in the month of April. That certainly had an impact on our Northern divisions, but they rebounded nicely in May and June.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then one last question. We said you would probably passing through anything you see in tariffs. Have you had any conversations or have your suppliers been opening the conversation about higher pricing? Obviously, even before tariffs, they were seeing labor and maybe some material input inflation. But what do you expect for inflation in the second half? It sounded like it was flat in the second quarter.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so on the tariff side for Automotive, and you're right, we're flat in price increases for the first half. We certainly expect -- we've had some increases and some decreases, first half. We certainly expect to see something in second half for the year. When we speak specifically to tariffs, I think what's been effective thus far to date is they're negligible, especially when you look at this is just our U.S. Automotive business primarily what we're talking about year-to-date. So we absolutely have had conversations with our suppliers. They're ongoing. We've got a team that's very involved with this. And we would be looking at any increases, whether it's raw materials, freight, interest rates, tariffs, we're looking at it very broadly. We've got teams in place that are working with our global sourcing offices. We've got modeling going on. We're going to use a lot of database negotiations with our suppliers. But at the end of the day, it's going to be something that we pass along to the customer, and we'll just have to wait and see how this plays out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham, Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Nice improvement in the U.S. comps. But I was wondering if you could address some of the margin weakness in the U.S. Can you give us a breakdown how the margin performed between gross and SG&A, and what's been the drivers are specifically?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So Seth, when we look at our Automotive margins and the decline that we had in the quarter, that is completely related to the U.S. Automotive business. So combination, flat to slightly up on gross margins. We had a little bit of customer and product mix issues in the quarter that were a headwind on gross margin. But the primary issue is SG&A. And what I would call out is what we're seeing is probably about half of the margin deterioration is great and diesel fuel and delivery related and also IT investments, which we've called out, and the other half is payroll. And so the two things I would say is that these increases in payroll and specifically freight and delivery are greater than what our, say, 5% sales increases, including AAG. And so we had particular issues in the quarter with freight. You guys have seen it. April, it particularly spiked. It stayed up very strong in the Q2. We had some additional driver regulations. There's labor shortages. So our teams are working very hard to deal with those freight increases that are greater than our sales. And so we're working on that and considering and looking at a number of things from passing along to the customers. And the other thing with payroll, as you know, again, with payroll increases, some of the minimum wage increases and some of the unemployment. And quite honestly, incentive compensation swing this year compared to last year, which is a function of the improved sales, all that with a up slightly comp that we don't leverage on is really what's weighing on those U.S. Automotive margins. But having said that, and you heard Paul say it, we've got a lot of plans in place for the second half to hopefully narrow that gap and make up some of the progress there.
Seth Basham: That's helpful color. How do you think about the pricing power of your business in the U.S. given these rising costs that everyone else is facing? Do you have an ability to pass along those higher cost in the form of higher prices?
Paul Donahue: Yes, we do, Seth. And if you look across our businesses in the U.S. whether it be Industrial, auto or business products, our intent -- and it's no different in 2018 as it has in past years, we do intend to pass those along. And when you look at our size and our scale in the Automotive sector, we certainly believe we have the ability to pass those along, not here -- not just in the U.S., but across the globe as well.
Seth Basham: Fair enough. And then just thinking about the cadence of your sales for the quarter in the U.S., you talked about softer April and stronger May and June. Did -- was May your strongest month and then a bit of deceleration in June? And how do the July period start off for you?
Paul Donahue: No, the -- well, Seth, look, April was a train wreck. April weather really, really put us in a bit of a hole, coming out of April. We saw -- and I'm speaking just the U.S. Automotive right now. But it was a similar trend across all of GPC. We saw it rebound nicely in May and it held up in June. So there was no slide in June and July with the heat that we're seeing across the U.S. is holding up just fine. So as we predicted last quarter, that combination of that brutally cold winter we had, coupled with the heat that really kicked in May, June and is holding in July, that bodes well for the aftermarket.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Suzuki, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Suzuki: So regarding your guidance, you had raised the sales growth outlook and the tax rate was lowered for the full year, but the EPS range is still the same. Do you think -- is there some conservatism being baked into that earnings outlook, particularly given the uncertainty around tariffs? Or do you think costs are already turning higher than you previously expected, so you're just going to keep the outlook for EPS the same as it was?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So what we looked at, certainly, we look at where we are thus far through the six months. So there is certainly a consideration that we're a bit behind through the six months. We had implied kind of flattish operating margins on a full year, and we're a little bit behind now. So that's part of it. We are implying a little bit stronger comp growth when we've got a range for a second half. If we come in a little bit stronger there, that would give us more comfort. But the other thing I'd point out is we called out a couple of cost increases for second half. So interest, amortization. We even have a little bit of FX in the second half. So I think our second half margins would be somewhat comparable to what you saw in the first half and we hope to kind of narrow that range. And look, as you mentioned, which is all the uncertainties right now, we just felt it was appropriate to leave the range that we have at this point.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Yes, that makes sense. And as you mentioned, the inability to leverage cost in the auto business this quarter, comps were above 2%, globally. So what do you think is the bogey for where your comp needs to be in order to get operating leverage in this current environment?
Carol Yancey: Well, we've said in the past that, that comp is around more of a 3% number to get us there. Having said that, when you've got these kind of increases in freight and delivery, we're working awful hard to get that to where it needs to be. So having 1.5% or 2% is certainly helping us, but we need to get 3 or above. And the reason we're comfortable with that is we can look at our industrial business and see what we've done there, their margins and their improvement, and we know also historically what we've done in the past. So a number of these projects we have will be helping us try to narrow that gap.
Paul Donahue: And Liz, I would just add to the comments Carol just made, the 3% number. The good news is that we were there and a little above that number in both May and June.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Horvers, JP Morgan.
Christopher Horvers: My first question is on the gross margins. Can you remind us of what the sort of acquisition benefit was in the gross margin? What I'm basically trying to figure out is if I look at the core gross margin rate performance and ex acquisition in 2Q versus 1Q, was it -- did you see similar up year-over-year? Or was there some degradation in the performance in 2Q versus 1Q, and what would have driven that?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So when you look at Q2 specifically, our core growth margin without AAG would be up slightly. So more around a 10 or 20 basis point up. That is primarily due to Industrial strong performance in their core gross margin, their improved supplier incentives, and that is being offset by the lower supplier incentives and product mix, customer mix issues and business products. And then the core Automotive is up slightly as well. When you ask specifically about Q1 to Q2, there is a little bit of a shift in Q2. It's small, and that primarily -- we would call out a little bit of the mix issues in the quarter. Some of our categories in Automotive, be it batteries, tools and equipment, commodities, chemicals, those carry the lower gross margin. So a little bit of mix shift. But I think when you look at kind of full year, you're going to see us have an up slightly gross margin, and that should carry through.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And maybe as you think about a core growth rate or comp in Industrial, 6.5, accelerating on a 1 year and 2 year, really very impressive. The margins haven't really flowed through. You would think at that pace that you would see more OI rate expansion. So is there something different about the cycle? Is it -- is some of this the freight cost that you're referring to? Is the vendor allowance dynamics different around cycles? Is the mix of the business that is growing? Curious how you think about as to the long-term potential of the Industrial operating income rate considering how strong it is at this point.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So the one thing I would call out, our Industrial business has performed quite well. As you recall, we combined the electrical division within motion. So when you look at their performance in the quarter, motion standalone was actually up 30 basis points in the quarter. So nice improvement there. The supplier incentives are moving in line with sales. This team is doing a terrific job on their balance sheet, working capital and inventories. So we're always going to be mindful of that. On a long-term basis, we're looking for their margins to be at 8 to 8.5. You're going to see more incremental margin improvement with the 10, 20, 30 basis points because it's a very competitive environment out there. So as they are having these increases, they're working very hard with their customers, especially those under contract to pass them along. So it remains a competitive environment. But we're pleased with this 30 basis point improvement that we have thus far. And a long-term basis, I think you can expect to see about this rate going forward.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, I would just add, our Industrial business really shows no signs of slowing down. And as you commented, they're building upon quarter after quarter. I mean, this rebound really began in Q4 of '16, carried all the way through last year. And now, the first half of this year. And when you look at key indicators, whether it be the manufacturing capacity numbers or the PMI numbers, rig count, all those continue to be very positive. So we're bullish on our Industrial business and expect to see continued good results from this group.
Christopher Horvers: And that's a good segue. As you think about the energy business and your exposure to that, I was just curious what you're seeing. I'm surprised it wasn't up. You didn't mention that as a low, a double-digit grower. Is there something different this time in terms of the amount of hiring that's been happening as oil prices have come up? Is it that -- there's been more automated then there's been more investment so there's less -- sort of less need in terms of -- for parts of existing products versus [indiscernible] cycle?
Paul Donahue: No, I don't think so, Chris. One thing I would point out is we look across our divisions across the motion business. So I look at the -- if you were to ask about the regionality in our Industrial space, our best-performing operations are down in the Southwest part of the U.S. And again, we're stacking these increases on top of the quarter after quarter and over last year. So when you ask specifically about our oil and gas extraction business, it's up mid- to high-single digits, so still, still comping very well.
Christopher Horvers: Yes. And then my last question is just for the peeling of the onion on the Automotive business. You talked about the West and the South being stronger because it didn't have April. I don't know if you have this in front of you, but if you could just focus on the May and the June side. Was the performance in sort of the North Central and Northeast more similar to the other areas of the country?
Paul Donahue: Yes, they rebounded nicely. And again, I've mentioned this on a number of times and we talked about it last quarter as well, the Midwest, which I visited just recently, spent time with our owners up in Illinois and Minnesota. These guys, the farmers couldn't get the field. They have to put a snow for the end of April. Once that snow cleared, we got into May and June, those businesses rebounded nicely, but they had just -- they were coming out quite of a hole in April.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Melich, MoffettNathanson.
Gregory Melich: I guess, a quick follow-up on the auto trends and then I want to fully understand the guidance. Paul, when you talked about that bounce back in those markets, like the Midwest and Northeast, are those areas now actually running ahead of the rest of the country? Is there some sort of catchup from that? Or are they just sort of back to a more normalized trend? And then I have a follow-up.
Paul Donahue: Back to more normalized, Greg. And if I look at the Northeast, for instance, they're going to get skewed with the, I mentioned, the big change over there. We're going to have really starting to take hold here in the second half, Sanel Auto Parts up in New England. So our Northeastern business is going to benefit greatly from adding that business. But no, we've returned back to more normal growth patterns across the Northern, Northern sector of the U.S.
Gregory Melich: Great. And then a follow-up on a bigger picture question on tariffs and passing through. What percentage of your product in the auto business is imported either indirectly or direct? And how, historically, it's been so long since we had any inflation in auto parts. What's the history? Or what do you think it takes in terms of timing for that to actually flow through to the end market?
Paul Donahue: Yes, I'll take the first part of that question, Greg, and I'll let Carol weigh in on the second half of your question. As we look across our businesses and what percentage of their business is coming out of China, whether it be on a direct sourcing standpoint, which is still relatively small for us. But our manufacturers and suppliers who manufacture and bring parts in from China, our Automotive business is about 40% and S.P. Richards is greater than that on the office side. Motion is significantly less than that number. So that's kind of how it breaks down by business.
Carol Yancey: And I think the only other thing I'd add is, as we've mentioned before with this tariff, and again, while there's a lot of uncertainties, this really does not impact our European Automotive business or our Australasian business. So this 40%, Paul mentioned, was really on the U.S. Automotive number. And as far as to how long and passing it through, look, one of the things is -- and we saw this with the first round that came into play, when these things go into effect, there's a number of discussions to go on with the suppliers. There's a lot of modeling that's done. We could look at early buy-ins. We could look at when the market can bear. I mean, we may even have opportunities to have margin increases in certain areas. So it's going to be -- I mean, we will have time. And if the effective date that's out there tentatively, remember to be September 1st on this list three that we have, we would have time to work with our suppliers on passing those through.
Gregory Melich: Great. So it sounds like something more for fourth quarter in terms of...
Carol Yancey: Well, look, we're really watching it very closely. But we know -- we don't know right now. We don't have anything factored in, but we would say later in the year for sure.
Paul Donahue: Greg, the list three that Carol referenced is the one that we're all keeping a very close eye on. We really, as we mentioned, it's negligible to this point, but everybody is keeping a close watch on list three.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri, Wolfe Research.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Quick clarifying one. The 5% comp growth or mid-single-digit that you said, slight in Europe, is that all same-store sales? Or is some of that like square footage growth?
Paul Donahue: It's a combination of both, Chris. Our AAG business in Europe, we've done a number of small bolt-on acquisitions that's kind of been their historical pattern. And we've continued that as we've stepped into that business. Again, where we were pleasantly surprised is the strength of our comp number in the quarter. And again, hats off to our team in the U.K. and in Germany. They've done a terrific job.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay, that's helpful. And then earlier in the conversation, you start talking about productivity investments. Can you just maybe remind us what you're doing there and types of projects are working and there's a way to quantify to the extent that those are currently impacting margins? And is there a point where you lap those? Are you kind of seeing this as like a multiyear process?
Carol Yancey: Well, the first thing I would say, this is a multiyear process. It's being driven GPC and it's actually being driven globally. I sat through a recent meeting with our senior operations team, and these are projects that are in Australia. They're in Canada. They're in Europe. It's putting further automation, as an example, further automation in our facility, so our distribution centers and enhancing those facilities. In some cases, moving to newer, more improved facilities, consolidating facilities, putting in automation. We're also looking at -- on the technology side. We look at automation there and whether it's back office, shared services, we certainly have projects there. So some of it is warehouse management type software and enhancements there. Pricing is other thing I'd call out. I mean, we call our technology and productivity investments in our pricing, data analytics and software and actually working with a group to use the data that we have and be able to have a more optimized pricing strategy for our retail and wholesale business. So that's some of where our investments are going to. As far as -- again, a multiyear process and as far as calling out, I think, again, it's probably too hard to really specifically talk about it, but it would fit into what our long-term margin goals are going forward.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Got you, okay. And then just one final unrelated question. You mentioned that the NAPA AutoCare Centers are seeing really strong growth right now. And then the national accounts, still a bit lighter. Can you talk about maybe what you think is driving that variance between the 2 customers? I would think they have kind similar demand patterns, but anything you can maybe talk to that could explain that gap?
Paul Donahue: Yes. First, I'd point out that the growth that we saw both out of our NAPA AutoCare Centers and the Major accounts is the best growth that we've seen in a number of quarters. We can do better and we will do better, but we're very pleased to see it headed in the right direction. NAPA AutoCare Centers, Chris, if you think about it, we've got a bit more of a captive audience there. They fly our flag. They fly the NAPA brand. They use our training, a lot of our systems, our guys are well entrenched there with our autocare centers. So our expectation would always be that auto care centers are going to outperform. Major Accounts, that's a competitive business for sure. And our competitors are all chasing that business as well. Again, we were pleased to see a positive increase in the quarter because it's been a while since we've seen our Major Accounts post positive comps. So we're encouraged by that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Fassler, Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: My first question relates to your guidance, your revenue guidance. Can you talk about how much of the change in the revenue guide, that hike in the revenue guide, relates to your second quarter performance? And then on the forward, how much of it would relate to your organic outlook versus acquisitions versus what, I think, is probably a slightly less helpful FX outlook for you guys.
Carol Yancey: Yes, I mean, I'm going to start with the FX. And I think you're spot on. I mean, we had about 0.5 point improvement in the first half, and it is not going to be as helpful in the second half. So we've modeled a slight headwind in the second half that would have us at maybe flattish, maybe up slightly for the full year. The second thing I'd remind you is AAG came on November 1 of last year. So you have that few months of revenue for AAG. I can tell you our guidance for second half versus first half is really largely based on where we are today. I mean, the run rate that we have to date and then mentioning the AAG 2 months and FX, we have not modeled in any acquisitions that haven't closed yet, and that would include the Hennig acquisition in Germany because that has not closed yet.
Matthew Fassler: Got you. That's very helpful color. Secondly, you spoke about your confidence in the aging of the auto fleet and the sweet spot, stabilizing and helping the business going forward. You all have, presumably, pretty good visibility to the years, of cars that you're servicing. Are you -- other than the fact that they certainly should play out just based on everything we've seen historically. Are you seeing any evidence as cars make their way through your system that the dilution or the pain from these issue is abating and that the vintages are starting to help you out?
Paul Donahue: Matt, we have been saying now for some time that our hope and our expectation was that we would begin to see a little bit of a lift in the second half of this year, but certainly more so in 2019. And look, it's hard to zero in exactly why all of a sudden here in the months of May, June and certainly, in the July, things have really picked up. Is it all weather related? Is it partly due to the -- us coming out of that low we saw from the '08, '09 SAAR. But the fact is business is picking up. And I think it's certainly a combination of factors, including really a good job by our team in the field.
Matthew Fassler: That's super helpful. And then one final question because we do get a lot of questions on the tariff scene. Presumably, the 40% of the products you said that is coming from overseas for the U.S. auto business are final goods or finished goods that are sourced from overseas. Correct me if I'm wrong, but beyond that, are there components that would contribute to or that are found in and some of your purchases that would make the underlying number a little bit better. Just trying to understand not just direct pressure, first order pressure, but whether there's additional potential inflationary pressure for the industry from those inputs?
Paul Donahue: No, it would largely be the finished goods that we're bringing in. Matt, we saw back when the steel and aluminum tariffs went in back in June. So it's still very, very early. We've seen some folks and they push through a few small price increases due to what's happening, and that's across a couple of our businesses, but it's very minimal and it's -- look, it just started to really take hold in June. So I think that's a bit early to tell. But the majority of what we're referring to on that 40% is all finished goods.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli, RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: I'm sure it feels like that the horse is good at this point but I did have one more on the auto side. I'm trying to quantify train wreck, if we can. Paul, was the business in the U.S. down like kind of 2% to 3% in April? Or was it even worse than that?
Paul Donahue: No, you're in the range. And it was probably a poor choice of words. But no, it's -- you're right in that range, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And is there any kind of difference in terms of DIY or commercial performance when you have those kind of wet and cold conditions in the spring? Or is that kind of uniform across the business?
Paul Donahue: Well, as we reported now for a number of quarters, our retail business continues to outperform. And our retail business, once again, was up mid-single-digit in the quarter. And that's a number of quarters in a row. What we are encouraged about is the slight lift that we saw on the wholesale side, which it's been a challenge. We've been battling that flat to even slight declines on the wholesale business. So it's really encouraging to see a lift in our wholesale business as well.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got you, okay. And then the last question here. Should we expect tables in inventory to largely stay at these levels? Or is there something particularly happen or influence that ratio at this quarter?
Carol Yancey: So we would expect to be around this level, the 100% to 110%. We did have a reclass in the quarter in inventory, and it was about $200 million related to sales return and that moved from inventory to current assets. So that probably spiked in the quarter, but that's going to stay there for the rest of the year. So -- but again, I think we made good progress on working capital, and you can expect us to stay around that level.
Scot Ciccarelli: Can I ask a clarification on that. So there was, what, $200 million of incremental inventory return in the quarter? Or is that like an accounting function of some sort?
Carol Yancey: No, it's an accounting -- it was related to the new revenue recognition guidance that was effective for this year. So it was reclassing an inventory amount to other current assets.
Operator: Our final question comes from Carolina Jolly, Gabelli & Company.
Anna Jolly: Most of my questions have been answered. But just, I guess, 2 clarifying ones, the do-it-yourself growth that you've been experiencing, would you attribute any of that to general industry growth? Or is that all of your investments in that investment?
Paul Donahue: Well, it's hard to say. We'll wait and see how our competitors report, Carolina. But as I have said in quarters past, our retail team is doing a terrific job. And our bar was set a bit low. And our team has done a terrific job of really upgrading our stores, which we've hit now. Most of our company stores have been revamped, expanded store hours. We have revamped our product assortment. All of that, I believe, is having a very, very positive contribution to our retail numbers.
Anna Jolly: Great. And then just another clarifying one. I know this has been asked a lot, but for the Automotive margin breakdown, would you say that the 40% that is international, did they actually see margin expansion? Or is this really all the U.S. that we saw some of that deleveraging and additional cost that you went over?
Carol Yancey: So basically, our international automotive margins had expansion, and that's a function of their core sales being mid-single digits. So we actually did have expansion year-to-date in the quarter for our international business. And remember, AAG is in there as well and that carries a higher margin. So I want to be clear, it was only the U.S. Automotive.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We want to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. We look forward to reporting to you in our third quarter call in October, and thank you for your support and your interest of Genuine Parts Company.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Donahue - President, Chief Executive Officer Carol Yancey - EVP, Chief Financial Officer Sid Jones - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Bret Jordan - Jefferies Jacob Moser - Wolfe Research Mike Montani - MoffettNathanson Jason Haas - Bank of America Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Carolina Jolly - Gabelli
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company, first quarter 2018 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company, first quarter 2018 conference call to discuss our earnings results and current outlook for 2018. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Carol Yancey our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reported under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings Press Release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may also involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this mornings' press release. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid. And welcome to our first quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning.  Earlier today we released our first quarter 2018 results. I'll make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights across our three businesses: automotive, industrial including both our Motion and EIS businesses and business products, including an update on our pending agreement to spin this business off and combine it with Essendant, which we announced last week.  Carol Yancey, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2018. After that we’ll open the call to your questions.  So to recap our first quarter performance across our global platform, total sales were a record $4.6 billion, up 17.4%, driven primarily by acquisitions and lower single digit comp sales growth. Net income was $177 million and earnings per share $1.20.  Excluding the impact of transaction related costs associated with the fourth quarter 2017 acquisition of Alliance Automotive Group and the agreement to spin-off the business products group, adjusted net income was $186 million, up 16% and adjusted earnings per share were $1.27, an increase of 18%.  So we entered 2018 as a more diversified global distributor and we remain committed to our key growth initiatives in order to drive long term sustained revenue growth.  As a reminder, our four growth initiatives are as follows: Driving greater share of wallet with their existing customer base, employing an aggressive acquisition strategy focused on both geographical in-fill and product line adjacencies, expanding our digital capabilities and lastly further expansion of our U.S. and international store footprint. We continue to see these growth pillars combine with the diversity in our operations, both across our core business segments and geographies, creating ongoing shareholder value.  As we look to our Global Automotive Group, total sales were up 29.6% in the first quarter, including an approximate 1.5% comp sales increase, as well as the benefit of acquisitions and favorable foreign currency translation. Breaking it down further, sales for our U.S. Automotive operations were up 3.5% in the first quarter, with comp sales up slightly. This is consistent with the sales comps we saw throughout 2017 with retail sales outpacing commercial sales. With that said, we estimate that the winter storms across the North East and Atlantic regions of the U.S. during the quarter which resulted in multiple distribution center and store closers, as well as the shift in the Easter holiday and approximate 1% negative impact on sales. By customer segment, we were encouraged to see our sales to NAPA Auto Care improve further in the first quarter up low single digits and our major account sales moved in the right direction as well.  So the combination of a more normalized winter seasons in most parts of the U.S. coupled with the ongoing initiatives with our commercial customers, which includes an expansive and growing list of value added services, should drive stronger sales over the balance of the year.  Turning to our retail business, we remain focused on the many opportunities we have with our DIY customers and this continues to play out in terms of positive sales comps. Among our initiatives, the NAPA Rewards Program now has over 7.1 million members, NAPA Online sales continue to grow and our retail impact store project which is a multiyear initiative to modernize and refresh our NAPA Store layouts. This project has resulted in our team upgrading and updating 535 company owned and independent owned stores through March of this year. These stores continue to produce our strongest retail sales comps and we look forward to the positive impact of this initiative as we roll this platform out to another 250 to 300 stores in 2018.  We expect to see the overall aftermarket industry and ultimately our U.S. Automotive Sales strengthen over the balance of 2018 for several reasons. We expect to see the demand for failure and maintenance parts increase due to the impact of a more normalized winter weather pattern, something we haven’t experienced for two years. We expect the number of vehicles and the aftermarket sweet spot to stabilize in 2018 after falling for the past few years due to the historically low new car sales and the post recession years after 2008.  Long term fundamental drives for the automotive aftermarket remains sound, with a growing total fleet and relatively stable fuel prices, despite the recent increases which continue to drive increased miles driven among consumers. Total mils driven increased 1.2% in 2017 and they were up another four-tenths of 1% in January of ’18, the most recent data available.  We also expect our ongoing acquisitions to positively contribute to our future sales. Thus far in 2018 we added Smith Auto a Fresno, California based automotive group with five stores and approximately $17 million in annual revenues to our U.S. network. Smith Auto as well as other accretive tuck-in acquisitions remains an important part of our growth strategy and we see additional opportunities to expand our U.S. store footprint.  So now let’s turn to our International Automotive Businesses in Europe, Australasia, Canada and Mexico. We will begin with the newest addition to our growing automotive footprint Alliance Automotive Group. As you will recall, we acquired AAG one of the leading automotive aftermarket distributors in Europe with operations in France, the U.K., Germany and Poland back in November of 2017.  So this was their first full calendar quarter as part of the GPC family. We are pleased to report that this business is performing quite well, posting low single digit sales comps and in line with our plans for both sales and profits. The AAG team completed several small bolt-on acquisitions in the first quarter and has a full pipeline of additional acquisitions for the periods ahead.  In addition, our management teams are working hard to deliver the $25 million in synergies we announced with this transaction and expect to realize over the next three years. These synergies primarily relate to our sourcing opportunities and we remain confident that we will achieve the targeted goal.  As we work through this integration which is going very well, we expect the talented management team at AAG to drive strong results throughout 2018. AAGs growth plans are supported by the backdrop of solid industry fundamentals and steady economies across their markets. We look forward to their continued positive impact on our overall automotive results.  Now a brief review of our other international automotive businesses. As a group, these operations delivered a 6% total sales increase in the first quarter, including a 2% comp sales increase in local currency.  In Australia and New Zealand total sales in local currency were up mid single digits in the first quarter, driven equally by an increase in comp sales and the ongoing benefit of acquisitions. The Asia-Pac business operated with 560 stores in the first quarter of ‘18 and this business has plans for further store expansion in the future.  In addition, the Asia-Pac team continues to make important e-commerce investments in several areas, including the strategic investment in a leading ongoing business to enhance our digital capabilities. We expect these initiatives in addition to the sound underline fundamentals for the Australasia after market, including a growing car park driven by record sales, relatively low gas prices, an upward trend in miles driven and an overall healthy Australian economy will drive continued solid results for our Australasian automotive business.  At NAPA Canada, sales remained strong in the quarter with total sales in local currency up mid single digits and comp sales up low single digits. These results include the acquisition of the Universal Supply Group purchased back on December 31. Universal ads 21 Ontario based stores to our operations, generating strong sales across both light vehicle parts and heavy duty truck parts. Finally, the industry fundamentals and general economic climate in Canada remain positive. So we remain optimistic for another good year from our Canadian team.  In Mexico our automotive operations finished the first quarter of 2018 with total sales up mix-single digits before the favorable impact of currency. The NAPA Mexico footprint includes 42 total stores and we look forward to expanding our store base further over the balance of the year. We expect this expansion combined with our other growth initiatives in Mexico to further accelerate our revenue growth in this large market.  Turning now to the industrial parts group which includes the combined results for EIS and Motion. Following a 7% increase in 2017, total sales were up 8.3% in the first quarter, including 5% comp sales growth and the benefit of acquisitions.  The industrial economy continue to experience favorable conditions in the first quarter with positive reports from the major industrial indicators such as purchasing managers index, industrial production, rate counts and U.S. exports. These industry fundamentals, as well as our ongoing growth initiatives continue to drive robust growth across our product categories and the industries we serve.  Each of our major product groups posted sales gains in 10 of the 12 industries where we compete were up as well. Additionally the equipment and machinery industry, our largest single sector, showed the strongest growth among the industries we serve for the second consecutive quarter.  Other sectors, performing especially well include open paper, iron and steel, lumber and wood products, aggregate and cement, equipment rental and leasing and oil and gas extraction. Our industrial management teams at Motion and EIS are working closely together and making progress to generate economies of scale and improved efficiencies in the newly combined organization. The opportunities we see ahead for our larger and strong industrial group are encouraging and we expect strong results throughout 2018.  We would also add that we are very pleased with the ongoing growth at Inenco; the Australian based industrial distribution company we partnered with in 2017. This business is performing quite well and continues to expand its footprint across Australia and New Zealand, while also operating in Indonesia and Singapore.  Inenco announced earlier today the acquisition of HCD Flow Technology, a leading supplier of industrial hose and pumping equipment, further solidifying our market leading position in New Zealand. Today we have a 35% investment in Inenco and we look forward to investing further in this business within the next 12 to 18 months. This quality organization will be a great addition to our global industrial group.  Now, a few comments on S.P. Richards, our business products group which reported a 4.8% decrease in total sales for the first quarter. This business remains challenged by the continued pressures and demand for traditional office products, while sales and the facilities break room and safety supply category continues to partially offset these headwinds and post solid growth.  Due to the challenges we have faced in this business we have been evaluating our long term strategic outlook for S.P. Richards for some time. As referenced at the beginning of my comments, last week we announced that after a comprehensive review of our options, we entered into an agreement to spin-off the S.P. Richards business and merge it with Essendant, another national business products wholesaler. This transaction made sense for several reasons. It maximized the value for S.P. Richards. GPC shareholders will gain 51% ownership of the combined company, allowing our current shareholders to participate in the significant upside of the newly combined company. The newly combined company in the best interest of all stakeholders, as it will be better positioned to effectively compete in the business product space with greater ability to support the customer community.  This option allows us to strengthen our focus on our core and larger, higher growth and higher margin global automotive and industrial businesses, and finally the $347 million in cash payments to GPC further enhances our capital allocation strategy.  We believe the combination of Essendant along with S.P. Richards creates a stronger, more diversified business. Together these talented management teams and complementary cultures with a shared commitment to serving customers will be better positioned for future success. For employees, the new company will have the scale and depth to compete more effectively. We look forward to supporting the S.P. Richards and Essendant teams in facilitating a seamless integration. The transaction is expected to close before the end of 2018 subject to regulatory and Essendant shareholder approvals and other customer closing conditions. So that is the summary of our consolidated and business segment sales results for the first quarter of 2018. It was another eventful quarter for us and we believe the steps we have taken in Q1 will set us up well for not only a successful 2018 campaign, but an even brighter future for GPC. So with that, I’ll hand it over to Carol for her remarks. Carol.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We’ll begin with the review of our key financial information and then we will provide our updated outlook for 2018. As Paul mentioned, total sales in the first quarter are up 17.4% or up 2% before acquisitions and a 1% favorable impact of foreign currency translation. Our gross margin for the quarter was 31.3% compared to 29.6% last year. This strong increase primarily reflects the higher gross margin associated with AAG’s operations, as well as other higher gross margin acquisitions and it also includes the benefit of increased supplier incentives in our industrial business. These favorable items were offset by $5.8 million in deal cost that was reported to cost of goods sold in the first quarter as well as the negative impact of lower supplier incentives at S.P. Richards. We remain focused on enhancing our gross margin through several key initiatives, including continued supplier negotiations both globally and across our businesses, the ongoing investment and a more flexible and sophisticated pricing strategies as well as improved analytic capabilities around SKU profitability. The pricing environment remains somewhat inflationary through the first quarter and we would expect this to continue, especially if the steel and aluminum tariffs take effect in the coming months. At this point there is much uncertainty on this issue and it’s really too early to determine the potential impact of tariffs on price inflation, but as we said before, we’re generally able to pass along these types of increases to our customers. Our cumulative supplier price increases for first quarter of 2018 were flat for automotive, up 1.3% in industrial and up six-tenths of 1% in office. Turning to our SG&A, total expenses for the first quarter are $1.2 billion, representing 26.3% of sales. This is up from last year as our expenses for the quarter reflect the operating cost at AAG, including incremental depreciation, amortization and interests, as well as $7.2 million in deal costs reported during the quarter. In addition, we continue to experience the lack of leverage on our comparable sales in both, the U.S. automotive and business products division, as well as ongoing pressure from rising costs in areas such as payroll, freight and including fuel delivery and IT and digital.  To offset these and other increases we continue to enhance the cost saving initiatives across our business and we will remain focused on showing more progress in this important area in the quarters ahead. With that said, we also outlined in our year end call certain incremental costs that would be necessary to support our long term savings plan which will overall pressure our SG&A to some degree. All-in however, we’re confident that we can improve our cost structure to positively impact our long term profitability. Now let’s discuss the results by segment. Automotive revenue for the first quarter of $2.6 billion was up 30% from the prior year and operating profit of $185 million was up 22% with an operating margin of 7.2% compared to 7.7% margin in the first quarter of 2017. Primarily the decline in operating margin reflects the deleverage of expenses in our U.S. automotive business. Our industrial sales of $1.5 billion in the quarter are an increase of 8%. Operating profit of $112 million is up 8% and their operating margin is 7.2% compared to 7.3% last year with the slight decline due to the combination of motion with EIS’s lower net margin. That said, we expect to see a strong performance from industrial in the quarters ahead, which does lead to margin expansions for the year. Our business product revenues were $474 million down 5% from last year and their operating profit of $22 million is down 31% and their operating margin is 4.6%. This business continues to operate in a challenging environment and this is pressuring their profitability. Our total operating profit in the first quarter was up 11% on the 17% sales increase and our operating profit margin was 6.9% compared to 7.3% last year. Our teams are working hard to improve on these results in the quarters ahead. We had net interest expense of $23 million in the quarter, up $17 million due to the increase in debt associated with the AAG acquisition as well as an increase in rate for the quarter. With that said, we continue to expect net interest expense to be in the range of $93 million to $95 million for the year. Our total amortization was $21 million for the first quarter, an increased from the $11 million last year, primarily due to the amortization related to AAG. For 2018 we are updating our full year amortization to be $86 million to $87 million. Our depreciation expense of $37 million for the quarter was up $10 million from last year and for the full year we’re updating our total depreciation to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million. So on a combined basis we now expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $225 million to $235 million. The other line which typically reflects our corporate expense was $44 million for the first quarter and this includes approximately $13 million in transaction related costs incurred in the quarter. Excluding these costs our corporate expense was $31 million which is up $6 million from the prior year and this is primarily due to the costs for our retirement plan valuation. For 2018 we continue to expect our corporate expense to be in the $115 million to $125 million range, excluding transaction related costs. Our tax rate for the quarter was 23%, much lower than the 34% tax rate in the prior year, due mainly to the lower tax rate enacted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. In addition our tax rate was positive impacted by the favorable mix of U.S. and foreign earnings in the quarter. Our first quarter rates are typically our lowest quarterly rates each year and for the full year we currently expect our 2018 tax rate to approximate 26%.  Now let’s discuss the balance sheet which remains strong and in excellent condition. Our accounts receivable at $2.6 billion are at 27% from the prior year and up 4% excluding the impact of acquisitions, primarily AAG as well as foreign currency. The 4% increase compares to our 2% comparable sales increase for the first quarter. So we have some work to do on improving this metric, but we do remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at March 31 was $3.8 billion or up 15% from March of last year. It’s down slightly excluding AAG and our other acquisitions as well as foreign currency. This improvement highlights the positive impact of our current initiatives to improve the inventory levels in our core businesses and we are very focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable was $3.8 billion at the end of the quarter is at 17% or at 2% excluding acquisitions as well as foreign currency. The 2% core increase reflects the lower levels of purchasing activity across our businesses, especially in U.S. automotive and business products which is slightly offset by the benefit of improved payment terms with certain suppliers. At March 31 our AP inventory ratio was approximately 100%. Working capital of $1.8 billion at March 31 compares to $1.6 billion last year. So effectively managing our working capital continues to be one of our top priorities and we look forward to showing further improvement in the quarters ahead. Our total debt of $3.3 million at March 31 compares to $1 billion in total last year and it continues to reflect an approximately $2 billion in borrowings that were assumed in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the AAG acquisition. Our debt arrangements vary in maturity and at March 31 the average interest rate on our total debt was 2.84% with approximately $1.5 billion in debt at fixed rates. We’re comfortable with our current debt structure and we’re fortunate to have a strong balance sheet and the financial capacity to support our growth initiative, including strategic acquisitions and investments such as AAG in Europe and the Inenco Group in Australia, which we believe creates significant value for our shareholders. So in summary, our balance sheet remains the key strength of the company.  In the first quarter we generated $138 million in cash from operations, which has improved from last year. Our cash flow has continued to support our ongoing priorities for the use of cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. For 2018 we expect cash from operations to be in the $950 million to $1 billion range and free cash flow of approximately $400 million. Our priorities for cash remain the dividend reinvestment in our businesses, share repurchases and strategic acquisitions. These priorities have not changed even with the savings from tax reform and the cash associated with the pending spin-off transactions. Regarding the dividend, 2018 marks our 62nd consecutive year of increased dividend paid to our shareholders. Our annual dividend of $2.88 represents a 7% increase from the prior year. We invested $32 million in capital expenditures in the first quarter which is up from $25 million in the prior year. For the year we continue to plan for capital expenditures in the range of $200 million to $220 million, an increase from 2017 due to the impact of AAG as well as certain additional investments that we are planning and associated with our anticipated tax savings. We did not purchase any of our common stock in the quarter and as of today we have 17.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases that we expect to be active in the program and the quarters ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So now turning to our guidance for 2018, based on our current performance, our growth plans and initiatives, as well as the market conditions that we see for the future, we are maintaining our full year 2018 sales and earnings guidance as follows: We continue to expect total sales to be in the plus 12% to plus 13% range, excluding the benefit of any future acquisitions as well as an impact from foreign currency. By business we continue to expect plus 19% to plus 21% total sales for the automotive segment, plus 4% to plus 5% for the industrial segment, as sales decrease of minus 3% to minus 4% for the business products segment which will continue to be included in our guidance until the spin-off transaction is closer to completion. On the earnings side we continue to expect earnings per share to be in the range of $5.60 to $5.75, which is consistent with our initial guidance announced in our last call. This EPS guidance includes the benefit of a full year of operations for S.P. Richards, the Business Products Group. In closing, we made progress in several important areas that better position us for the future and although we have much work ahead of us, we move forward excited about the many opportunities we have to grow our sales and improve our operating performance in the quarters ahead and over the long term. We’d like to thank all of our GPC associates for their continued hard work and dedication as our people are our greatest asset and we’re excited about the long term growth prospects for Genuine Parts.  Paul, I’ll turn it back over to you. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. As we reflect back on the first quarter we have several accomplishments we’d like to highlight. We established a new sales record at $4.6 billion and up 17%. Our adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 increased by 18% from 2017. We reiterated our full year sales and earnings guidance with sales at plus 12% to plus 13% and comparable EPS of plus 19% to 22%. We completed our first full quarter with AAG and this business continues to perform well and we are making progress on our integration. We took two significant steps to optimize our portfolio, further enabling us to focus on our higher growth and higher margin global automotive and industrial businesses.  First, we combined EIS with Motion to form a larger and stronger industrial products group with expected revenues exceeding $6 billion annually. In addition we entered into an agreement to spin off the business products group and form a new company with Essendant. We made significant IT investments in the quarter to improve our digital capabilities and enhance our B2C online offerings, as well as enhance our operational efficiencies and productivity in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Australasia. We generated solid cash flows improving our cash from operations relative to 2017 and finally we increased our 2018 dividend for the 62nd consecutive year. So with these accomplishments we move forward in 2018 better positioned to address our challenges and maximize the growth opportunities available to us. We remain focused on both organic and acquisitive sales to drive long term sustained revenue growth and will continue to execute on our plans and initiatives to enhance our gross margins, reduce cost and build a highly productive and cost effective infrastructure. We expect our focus in these key areas to improve the operating performance in our core businesses and for the company overall.  As always, we look forward to updating you on our progress again in July when we report our second quarter 2018 results. So with that, we’ll turn it back to Ashley and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Christopher Horvers with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks, good morning everybody.
Paul Donahue: Hey, good morning Chris.
Christopher Horvers: I want to first focus on the U.S. NAPA business. Can you share how much the impact of Easter was by itself and I understand the weather headwinds in March with all the nor easters that came up the east coast, but at the same time it would seem like you had a pretty favorable January. So I just wanted to get your thoughts there. Do you think it – is it fair to you know call out weather in March and not acknowledge the strength in January?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so Chris the – and it’s a fair question. The cadence of the quarter, certainly January started out pretty good and that cold weather helped our business for sure. February was pretty good as well. Where we began to see it tail off was in March and specifically in the second half of March. Easter had an impact. Probably to address your question specifically, Easter was probably less than 0.5% overall impact, but you know the – you take three nor easters that hit the Northeast in the month of March, we had numerous DC store shutdowns in both the Northeast and Atlantic and that absolutely had an impact.  What we see right now Chris is that certainly too much winter weather is not a good thing. We’ve seen our Ag business is off to a slow start, agriculture business. Our break business which is, you know we are usually taking off this time of the year is soft, but look in the long run the cold weather is a benefit for us. We think we’ll see a pick up most likely in Q2 and on into Q3 as parts fail, maintenance come into play, pot holes begin to take their toll. So longer term it is going to be a positive for us.
Christopher Horvers: And then, you know it sounds like you know with the slightly positive U.S. comp and DIY better, was do-it-for-me thus down negative and I am just curious, you’ve been around this business for a long time, what do you think has changed in the do-it-for-me business, because it’s you know clearly DIY doing better than do-it-for-me is something very different from what had occurred for a long period of time.
Paul Donahue: Well, I again – and Chris look, it would be fair to point out that our NAPA business is not like our peer groups. We are improving our retail business and we’ve had an initiative to upgrade our stores for some time.  But retail for us DIY is still less than 25% of our overall business. We’re still largely driven by our DIFM business and our commercial business. As I mentioned, we saw improved results in our auto care business which we have 17,000 NAPA auto care centers. That business was up low single digits, which has improved. Major accounts while improving somewhat from previous quarter, we’re still challenged and what we hear in the marketplace Chris is that overall their business overall is pretty much flat. So specifically on your question about our DIFM business it was pretty much flat in the quarter.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then one last one. Just as you think about the SG&A dollar growth, can you talk about where that played, the SG&A dollars played out relative to your expectations for the first quarter and you know what’s the stripping out all on the acquisitions. What’s sort of the core growth rate in your, you know the SG&A structure this year. Thanks very much.
Carol Yancey: Yes so Chris, when we look at SG&A in the quarter and where our expectations were, so our core growth in U.S. automotive was not quiet where we thought it would be, much about what Paul mentioned earlier, what we saw certainly in March and then our business products division, their core growth was a little bit worse than what we saw.  So having said that, it’s Q1 and what we certainly, we look at the 300 basis point increase. Looking at, you got the deal costs in there, you got AAG, you’ve got increased interests in amortization and that would be about half of the increase. The rest is really from the lower core growth and payroll is the biggest driver there. So we look at our businesses and we look at headcount and we look at headcount being flat as an organization, but these wage pressures, the increases we are facing in fuel, I mean those are real dollars.  So the headwinds on wages and fuel are real and that was probably a little worse than we thought in the quarter and we mentioned the additional investments we are going to be making in IT and digital and certainly that was planned for. So where probably we were short was the lower core growth and then seeing the additional stronger wage pressures and increases in fuel and deliveries. 
Christopher Horvers: Thank you. 
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Matt Fassler : Thank you so much and good morning to you. My first question just based on quantifying the impact of AAG to gross margin and I’m not sure whether that’s intrinsic marginrate and if it is that much higher, curious as to why or whether it’s just kind of P&L geography. I know we saw this popup to a smaller degree in Q4 when you only had ownership of that business for part of the quarter, but just so that we can model that appropriately over the next couple of quarters, if you could talk about why this is driving the reported gross margin so much higher. 
Carol Yancey : Yeah, happy to take that. So gross margin was up 170 basis points in the quarter and I would tell you AAG was about 100 basis points, and the remaining amount is due to improvement on the industrial side and also slight improvement on the automotive side offset by declines in business products. The reason that AAGs gross margin is stronger and we’ve spoken to – sometimes we’ve have acquisitions, Asia-Pac in particular and now AAG that come in with a higher gross margin and higher SG&A, but these are comparable from an operating margin basis.  The big driver for AAG and I think we mentioned this early on when we made the acquisition, they have growth revenue that is more around slightly over $2 billion but the GAAP reported revenue, so growth billings will be much higher. The GAAP reported revenue is more like $1.7 billion. So when you look at the gross margin and the SG&A you are going to have higher gross margin by lowering your sales number. 
Matt Fassler : Understood. The second quick question I have relates to operating leverage in the automotive business. If you think about the underlying intrinsic business ex-acquisitions, can you talk about the kind of sales growth that you think you need to breakeven in terms of automotive unit margin?
Paul Donahue : Yeah Matt, this is Paul. We generally take about 3%. We have been kind of mired in this flat to 1%, 2% comp growth here now for few quarters in the row and we got to generate some top line growth. I covered our growth pillars with you earlier. Our team is laser focused on driving top line growth so that we can leverage that fixed expense that we have, but we generally look at 3% as a must. 
Matt Fassler : And is that breakeven higher today, given both some of the discretionary investments that you are making also you spoke about the backdrop in terms of wages and fright and obviously that something that everyone is coping with. Does that take that number above 3% or is 3% still, is leverage still at...
Paul Donahue : No, 3% is a good number Matt and we are absolutely our committed to the investments that Carol mentioned. But 3% is a good number. 
Matt Fassler : And then very quickly finally. So I think you said in the other line items, just to understand P&L geography of the dealer related costs. I think you broke out $13 million of cost, part of it in gross margin, part of in SG&A, in your initial comments. Then you also saw about $13 million in other line item. I just want to make sure, and I’m like just be in my own confusion that I understand where exactly that $13 million that we exclude, resides in your disclosure. 
A - Carol Yancey: Yeah, so in the segment information there are no deal costs in any of the operating segments. So we put the deal cost of $13 million the other net line and then when you look at the income statement, we had $5.8 million in cost of goods sold and $7.2 million in SG&A. 
Matt Fassler : Got you. So you broke it out on that divisional P&L and you just articulated it where it shows up on the consolidated P&L, that’s very helpful. 
Carol Yancey: Correct, but it’s all the same $13 million. 
Matt Fassler : Perfect. Thank you so much guys. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Matt. 
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys, Scot Ciccarelli. 
Paul Donahue: Hi, Scot 
Scot Ciccarelli: I had two questions. Hi, the first is, I know it’s probably hard to figure out just given the changes occurring, wage expense, etc. Can you give us an idea how much of your cost structure in the auto business is fixed versus what you consider is variable?
Carol Yancey: Well, I would tell you on SG&A when we look at our cost in SG&A and we’ve said as always at least two-thirds of our costs are payroll and payroll related. Having said that, when you look at facilities and a portion of the payroll being fixed, we are probably 55%-ish that we would say would be fixed, and that why when we talk about what we need to leverage, it keeps at that 3%ish growth in order to leverage. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Alright, so 55%...
Carol Yancey: Now having said that, we are working hard to make sure that we are address our cost base and whether we look at rationalization of facilities, investments in productivity improvements, optimizing our fright and delivery, all these things to help take some of these costs that could be fixed to lower basis. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it, understood. And then secondly, can you also comment on merchandise margin performance in the U.S. auto business just given the concerns out in the market place regarding price transparency?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so our gross margin on the U.S. automotive business was flat. We actually, I think this is our second quarter where we’ve seen flat to maybe just up slightly gross margin and we’ve talked about we are not seeing impact on our gross margin as it relates to price transparency. Having said that, we are looking and always trying to optimize gross margin dollars, we got several initiatives going on. So not really – again part of that gets back what Paul mentioned, being the next that we have of commercial versus retail too. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Understood, okay thanks a lot guys. 
Paul Donahue: Thanks Scot. 
Carol Yancey: Thanks.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan : Hey, good morning guys.
Paul Donahue: Good morning. 
Carol Yancey: Morning. 
Bret Jordan : I was on a hare late. Did you talk about regional performance in the U.S. auto market?
Paul Donahue: We did not Bret, but I’m happy to talk about it. We got a – about five of our eight divisions across the U.S. that are pretty well grouped together and they range from a point down to a couple of points up, so a very narrow band.  Our outliers, and we’ve got a couple of outliers, certainly one would be the Northeast as you might expect. As Chris asked earlier, that winter weather certainly has been a boon for Northeast business and our Northeast business has performed quite well. Despite the interruptions with the nor easters that business has performed quite well.  On the flip we’ve got one of our businesses, one of our divisions in the mid-Atlantic area that would include Memphis, Richmond that part of the country. They’ve been hit hard again with winter disruptions and we’ve had a number of store closers DC closures. They are not equipped to handle the snow like they are in the Northeast. So that’s pretty much what we’ve seen through Q1. 
Bret Jordan : Okay, great. And then the comment on inflation, I guess not seeing a lot in the first quarter in auto. What’s your expectation hearing more about Asian labor and obviously some material inflation and the cost of factoring for your suppliers? Do you think the bias is to more inflation in the second half of the year?
Carol Yancey: We do. In talking to our merchants and our suppliers, we do think we are going to be at a half a percent or maybe even a full percent for the year maybe in the later part of the year. And as far as, there is still a lot of uncertainty around the tariffs as I mentioned, so we are still just waiting on that but I think we are coming off of five consecutive years of having deflation. So the fact that we can come up with flat to up slightly, we do think we’ll see that in the back half of the year?
Bret Jordan : Okay and then one last question, on Smith Auto and some of the deals you have done, Merle's and of the little acquisitions. What’s the percentage of auto sales that are company owned stores now versus independent?
Paul Donahue: It’s a good question, perhaps let me think on that for just a minute. You are right to point out Smith and Merle's and we’ve had three or four others in the past number of quarters. It’s still holding fairly steady when you look at independent versus company stores, independence would acquire for better than two-thirds of our overall business. 
Bret Jordan : Okay, great, thank you. 
Paul Donahue: And the mix of stores is staying pretty much the same. 
Bret Jordan : Okay great, appreciate it. Thank you. 
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome. 
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Jacob Moser: Hey guys, this is Jacob Moser for Chris. 
Carol Yancey: Good morning. 
Jacob Moser: So now that you have been involved with AAG for almost 6 months. We’re curious to see what you’re going about differences in the European market. And then for the semi related, like how mature is – thinking in terms of the growth outlook. Will that most be at Greenfield and existing markets there or do you think mostly growth in Europe will sort of opportunistic M&A driven.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I’ll take that one. Look the difference in between the European market place and the U.S. What we found, and again it’s early. But it’s very similar, we’ve got many of the same suppliers when you think about our large global supplier base, its folks like Bosh, NGates and SchaefflerKYB, NGK they supply us around the world.  The folks at AAG have a, they are more commercially oriented, much like we are here in the US. They have a blend of both company stores and independently owned stores. So the differences are really very subtle.  If you think about our growth outlook, one of the things that drew us to Europe and to AAG is we are very bullish on the growth opportunities in the future and we think that the consolidation that is taking place now in Europe will only accelerate and certainly we intent to be part of that consolidation. But at the same time our folks at AAG are seeing, are seeing good comp store growth as well. So we are very bullish on our future and with our European partners. 
Jacob Moser: Great. Thanks for talking the question. 
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Greg Melich with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Mike Montani: Hey guys good morning, its Mike Montani on for Greg. 
Carol Yancey: Hey Mike.
Mike Montani: Just wanted to ask if I could a couple of quick ones. One was, if you could talk a little bit about some of the other acquisitions that you had made year to date thus far besides the AAG. Just want to make sure we have accurate total incremental revenue contributions in the model.
Carol Yancey: So it was really minimal in the quarter. We talked about Smith Auto that was the one that Paul mentioned. In Europe there was eight single store acquisitions that are just small bolt on acquisitions, but really in the quarter its Smith Auto that we mentioned earlier.
Paul Donahue: And just as a reminder Mike, you know AAG was actually late last year. So that was not a 2018 acquisition. 
Mike Montani: Yeah, got it. Okay and then if I could just follow up a little bit; you guys had mentioned there was optimism around industrial and seeing some margin expansion there as we work through the year. I guess I am just wondering, is the same sentiment fair for the U.S. automotive division give the thought that the comps will be improving here, at least towards that two to three range it looks like?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, well certainly two different industries. I’ll make be touch on industrial first Mike and you are right, we are very optimistic. You know we had a terrific year last year with Motion and we have seen that continue on in the first quarter. Last year each quarter we were up 7%, first quarter this year we were up 8%. So they continue to rock along, PMI numbers, rig counts, industrial production, all are positive. Manufacturers are bullish right now about the U.S. and so we don’t see any slowdown in industrial.  Automotive, it’s a different industry, differ business, but we are optimistic about our U.S. automotive business as well. We think as I mentioned earlier that certainly this winter weather that we experienced in Q1, although I think being offset somewhat with business disruptions in Q1, I think we will see the benefit in Q2 and beyond and again, most of the fundamentals in automotive remain positive. So there is no reason we shouldn’t continue to grow our U.S. automotive business and get it back into those 3% to 4% comps that we historically have posted. 
Mike Montani: Okay and if I could just ask about sourcing for a minute, I know you all have done a lot of work in the past sourcing out of Asia. Can you just update us on what percentage of the buy you all will be doing there, especially in light of the S.P. Richards divestiture? How to think about just kind of the ability to source from other countries as well if that were to come up?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so Mike we have a sourcing office in China, we’ve had it for well over 10 years that services all of our businesses. The amount of volume rolling through that office as a percentage of our total is still a small percentage and a bit of that was in our office products business.  What I would comment on Mike is, you know as we now move into Europe and Australia and New Zealand continues to expand, as we look across our souring and our supplier base, you have really four different sources if you will. You have your U.S. exclusive suppliers, you have European exclusive suppliers, you’ve got global suppliers of which I’ve already listed a number of those and then you have of course Asian sourcing as you just mentioned.  We are working very closely with our team in Europe and working through that suppler base and that sourcing model and we think there is real opportunity for us to continue to build and to drive global synergies across all of our businesses. 
Mike Montani: Great. Thank you. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America.
Jason Haas: Hi, this is Jason Haas for Elizabeth Suzuki. Thank you for talking the question. So I just got a follow-up regarding your comments on inflation. Can you provide color on what product categories you have the best pricing power in and might be the best position to pass along any inflation that we might see?
Carol Yancey: Well actually, the comments that we have, I mean right now we are flat in automotive and what we would look for if we do have some inflation in the back half of the year to around a half a point, those increases would be passed along to customers. So it wouldn’t necessarily be a different there is product categories and how we pass that along. Because these would be increases of such that are passed along in the broad market; this is not something specific to us or to a certain supplier. So they would be broad market related. And quite honestly, that’s how the potential would be with tariffs or any of those changes is that it would be broad based.  So out of those we’ve got color on exactly what categories as we are going to come in, but we think about it in a much broader sense. 
Jason Haas: Thanks, and then as a follow-up. So we’ve seen the weather in April has been a lot colder than last year. So I’m curious just quarter-to-date if you have seen any sort of pickup in demand or do you think the weather is going to kind of push those sales later maybe into May or June?
Paul Donahue: Well its, Jason I mean it’s early to comment on that, but what I would tell you is we need to get on with spring. I know you guys are getting some winter weather up there still in the northeast. We had – just last week we had over a foot of snow in the Midwest, many parts of the Midwest, that’s not great for our business. We are in the time of the year where farmers got to get out in the field and we do a ton of business with agriculture, fields are frozen, covered with snow. This is break season; the break season is now really being delayed. So look I think that business will come but it’s getting pushed out a bit because of this unseasonably cold winter weather in late March and April. 
Jason Haas: Thanks.
Paul Donahue: You are welcome.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham : Thanks a lot and good morning. 
Carol Yancey: Good morning. 
Seth Basham : I have a follow-up question along those lines. Just thinking about your performance in the quarter in the U.S. auto business, can you provide color on how weather sensitive versus non-weather sensitive categories performed overall?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, it’s a good question Seth. When you look at our key product categories, I guess not surprisingly with a little more severe winter weather, batteries were our number one growth business and I would tell you it’s a little bittersweet because we had a good -- we had a really good quarter in batteries and we had some service interruptions early in the quarter that I think it even could have been better.  Our tool and equipment business was good, our hydraulics business was good, chemicals as you would expect performed quite well, so all of those categories were strong in the quarter. Where we saw some underperformers was around our under car business. So again going back to what I had mentioned earlier, when you get into March we generally consider the month of March as the kickoff of break season and with some of the weather that we had across the U.S., I think that’s going to get pushed out a bit. 
Seth Basham : Got you, a follow-up on that, March beginning the break season. With your commercial customer focus, how does weather play into that? I can understand DIY-ers not being able to work on their cars outside, but it wasn’t so bad that it created difficulties in taking cars to a shop to get fixed. 
Paul Donahue: No, it certainly wouldn’t Seth but I just think that consumers are putting it off and it also certainly relates to, when you look at the categories performing well just as batteries it directly relates to failure. So I think just some of your maintenance categories are just going to get delayed, going to get pushed out a bit, and that’s regardless of whether it’s DIY or DIFM. I think that’s the case. 
Seth Basham : Got you. Thank you and then one housekeeping item, you may have addressed this before, but thinking about the seasonality of AAG business, can you remind us how it compares to the U.S. or the Global Auto business?
Paul Donahue: Very similar, very similar to the U.S. and on that note Seth as I now give the weather report across the U.S. I can talk about Europe as well and we got hit hard. The UK was basically shutdown for two days in Q1 that impacted AAGs business. I think we would have seen, I don’t think – I know we would have seen even stronger numbers out of that team without that, but the weather patterns are very, very similar the U.S.
Seth Basham : Thank you. 
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome. 
Operator: And we have time for one more question. We’ll take our last question from Carolina Jolly with Gabelli. 
Carolina Jolly : Hi, thanks for fitting me in. Just one question I guess. This is another quarter where you have seen some weakness in your national account business. When you talk to those customers, do they give you any other factors outside of weather that might be affecting your business? 
Paul Donahue:   Well, and I didn't glean this directly from conversations with our major account customers. But as you look across some of the headwinds, Carolina you would have to, I mean certainly weather isn’t always going to be near the top of the list. But let’s face it, vehicles and parts are seeing less failure these days. Vehicles are much better made, the quality of vehicles are much better made and I think you are just seeing less failure.  But I do believe in the long run this major account business will bounce back. We don’t believe we are losing any market share with our key partners. We’ll continue to drive to try to grab a greater share of their spend. As I mentioned in our key growth pillars that is absolutely our first and foremost is grab a greater share of wallet. So the business is there for our teams. We just got to promise that we got to execute a bit better.
Carolina Jolly : Alright, thanks a lot.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference call back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
A - Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your participation in today’s first quarter conference call. We thank you for your support at Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to talking to you with our second quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We thank you all for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - SVP, IR Paul Donahue - President & CEO Carol Yancey - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Bret Jordan - Jefferies Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter 2017 conference call to discuss our earnings results and current outlook for 2018. I'm here with Paul Donahue, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Carol Yancey our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin this morning, please be advised this call may include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to during today's discussion of our results as reports under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of these measures is provided in the earnings press release issued this morning, which is also posted in the Investors section of our website. Today's call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses as well. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings, including this mornings' press release. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. Now, let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid and let me add my welcome to our fourth quarter 2017 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2017 results. I'll make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights by business. Carol Yancey, our Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer will provide an update on our financial results and our outlook for 2018. After that we'll open the call to your questions. So, to recap our fourth quarter sales and earnings performance across our global platform total GPC sales were up 11.3% to $4.2 billion with net income at $108 million and earnings per share at $0.73. Alliance Automotive Group our European acquisition, which closed on November 2nd of 2017 performed in line with our initial projects and contributed approximately $250 million or 6.8% to sales and $0.07 in earnings per share. For the year, total sales were a record $16.3 billion, a 6.3% increase compared to 2016. Net income was $617 million and earnings per share were $4.18. AAG contributed 1.7% to sales and the same $0.07 earnings per share. During the fourth quarter, there were several events that impacted our reported results which are highlighted in our press release and which Carol will discuss further. In summary, in addition to AAG's two months of operations discussed above, we had transaction related costs associated with the acquisition and recorded a tax expense related to US tax reform. Before these items fourth quarter sales for our core operations were up 4.5%, net income was up 8.5% and earnings per share of $1.12 were up 10%. For the full year, our core operations were up 4.6% in sales, net income was flat and earnings per share of $4.64 were up 1%. When we combine these core results with AAG's two months of operations our earnings per share were $1.19 for the fourth quarter and $4.71 for the full year. So, an active fourth quarter for us and we are proud of our teams and the good results they delivered. The fourth quarter was marked by progress in several areas and our teams delivered our strongest comparable earnings growth since 2013. The diversity in our operations combined with an ongoing strategy to drive both organic and acquisitive growth enabled us to deliver the 11% total sales increase for the fourth quarter. The acquisitions we have made to-date and those we may execute going forward, are intended to expand our businesses and further enhance our global footprint and ultimately create additional shareholder value. In 2017, we acquired 15 businesses with proximally $2.1 billion in annual revenues including approximately $1.7 billion at AAG and another $150 million in sales at the three other businesses we acquired in the fourth quarter. In addition, in April of 2017, we made a minority investment in Inenco Group, a market leading industrial distributor in Australasia which we're planning to add to our industrial platform within the next 12 to 24 months. Overall, acquisitions added 8.5% to the sales in the fourth quarter and we anticipate that each of these new businesses will positively contribute to our future results. As we review our 2017 performance total fourth quarter sales were driven by increases across automotive, industrial and electrical groups. Turning to our global automotive group sales for this segment were up 16.7% in Q4, including an approximate 1% comp sales increase and a 4% total sales increase before the positive sales contribution from AAG. In our US automotive operations, total sales were up 2% in the fourth quarter with comp sales up 1%. And while 1% comp sales increased short of our long-term expectations, we did show sequential improvement from Q3 results. Comparable sales to retail customers outperformed our sales to commercial accounts. The sales results are consistent with the past several quarters, which we have attributed to challenging business conditions across many of our major accounts, fleet and now auto care customers. That said, we continue to see many of our major accounts performing well and our auto care customer group was improved from third quarter. We have several initiatives in place to further build the sales potential with our major accounts and fleet customers and we will be launching new and enhanced benefits for industry leading auto care program which is now grown to over 17,500 members. We expect these initiatives as well as the further expansion of other value-add services such as our auto tech training which impacts thousands of repair shops and even more automotive technician to drive stronger sales with our commercial customers in 2018. In retail, our sales growth stems from initiatives such as the NAPA rewards program which now has 6.5 million members and additional 1 million members from last quarter and our retail impact store initiative which now totals approximately 500 stores. Our retail sales at these stores continue to outperform our total network driven by strong increases in average ticket values or basket size. In 2018, we'll expand this retail initiative further with the conversion of another 200 to 300 stores comprised of both boat company owned stores and independent owned stores. In addition to these growth initiatives, we're optimistic for the gradual strengthening of the overall aftermarket industry as well as our US automotive sales for several reasons. We expect the demand for failure and maintenance parts to increase due to the impact of a more normalized winter season, something we haven't experienced for two years. We expect a number of vehicles in the aftermarket sweet spot stabilize in 2018 after falling for the past few years due to the historically low new car sales in the post-recession years of 2008 through 2011. And finally, the long-term fundamental drivers for the automotive aftermarket remains found with a growing total fleet relatively stable fuel prices which continue to drive more miles driven amongst consumers. Based on the most recent data available, total miles driven increased 1.1% in November and are up 1.3% for the 11 months. We also expect our ongoing acquisition to positively contribute to our future sales. During 2017, we added four automotive store groups including the fourth quarter acquisition of Monroe Motor Parts as well as Stone Truck Parts, the heavy-duty operation to our US network. These types of accretive tuck-in acquisitions are an important part of our growth strategy and we expect additional opportunities in the future. Now let's turn to our international automotive businesses in Australasia, Canada, and Mexico. As a group, these operations delivered a 5% total sales increase in fourth quarter including a 3% comp sales increase in local currency, which is consistent with the third quarter. In Australia and New Zealand, total sales were up low to mid-single digits once again in Q4 driven by a slight increase in comp sales and the ongoing benefit of acquisitions. The Asia-Pac business finished 2017 with 560 stores across Australasia and like our other businesses has plans for further store expansion in the future. Further underlying fundamentals for the Australasian aftermarket remained solid as we enter 2018 with a growing car part driven by strong car sales relatively low gas prices and upward trends in miles driven. These positive trends are underpinned by an overall healthy Australian economy. At NAPA Canada, sales remained strong in the quarter with total sales up mid to high single-digit and comp sales up mid-single digits. These results include and are highlighted by a strong performance from our heavy-duty truck parts business as well as solid results across Western Canada. In addition, we announced on December 31 NAPA Canada added Universal Supply Group to its operations. Universal in a Kingston, Ontario based operation with 21 stores which sell auto parts, heavy duty truck parts and paint and body parts. The addition of Universal Supply strengthens our core presence in eastern Ontario market. So, our team in Canada is headed into 2018 with solid momentum and we look forward to another strong year from our Canadian team. Our automotive operations continue to expand in Mexico and this team finished 2017 with sales up mid-single digits. During 2017, we expanded our NAPA Mexico footprint with eight new auto parts stores and entered 2018 with 42 total stores. We have plans for further expansion of our store base and accelerate revenue growth in the quarters ahead. Finally, we want to add that the operating results at Alliance Automotive Group for November and December reflect a solid start to this group. As you might imagine there is an incredible amount of planning and other work associated with an acquisition of this size, but our teams both in Europe and the US are doing a terrific job of staying focused on the business throughout this process. So, looking back at our first 60 days in Europe things have gone extremely well and our talent management team is in position to drive strong results in 2018. We enter our first full year with the AAG team excited for the growth prospects we see for this business across all of our operations in France, the UK, Germany, and Poland. So, in summary, our fourth quarter global automotive results were in line with our expectations both before and after the added contribution from AAG. We entered 2018 optimistic for further improvement in our results for this largest business segment of GPC. Now turning to our industrial business, motion industries posted another impressive quarter with sales up 7.4% consistent with the first three quarters of the year. Overall, motions fourth quarter capped off an outstanding year in 2017 with solid mid-single digit comp sales growth further enhanced with their pneumatic engineering acquisition and the addition of Apache Hose & Belting Company. This combination of strong organic growth and acquisitions also led Motion to significantly expand their operating margin. Favorable conditions in the industrial economy during 2017 drove solid growth across all product categories in the industries we serve. Each of our major product categories posted sales gains in the top 12 industries where we compete. 10 sectors were up again for the fourth quarter with strong growth in the sectors such as equipment and machinery, iron and steel, lumber and wood products, aggregate and cement, equipment rental and leasing, and oil and gas extraction. We expect the strong industry conditions we experienced in 2017 to continue into 2018. The industrial indicators we follow including industrial production, the purchasing managers index, rate counts and the level of exporting goods remain solid and should drive ongoing customer demand across the diverse markets we serve. Turning now to EIS, our electrical and electronic materials group. Sales for this business were up 8.9% in the fourth quarter driven by the addition of Empire Wire and Cable in April of last year. Empire was an important strategic acquisition for EIS as it further expanded EIS's wire and cable offering and strengthen its capabilities to serve the industrial robotic and automation markets. This ties in well with Motion's expansion in this sector including its Braas in 2016 and the addition of Numatic Engineering in 2017. The EIS and Motion businesses have a growing number of common attributes including their product offering, suppliers and in many cases their customers. To that end on January 1 of this year, we announced that we were combining the EIS operation in the motion and the industrial parts group. As a result, beginning our first quarter, with our first quarter of 2018 reporting in any comparable prior year period EIS will be identified as Motion's electrical specialties group. The combination of these two segments will provide strong economies of scale and greater efficiencies which we intend to leverage. The opportunity to build synergies by sharing talent, physical resources greater [ph] and scale and value added expertise in each respective market channel is highly compelling. Most importantly, we anticipate this combination will create value for both our customers and all our stakeholders. Our management teams are excited for the opportunities they see as a combined operation and are working closely to maximize their future potential as a $6 billion industrial group. Likewise, with the planned addition of Inenco in Australasia which also provides us an entry into growing markets like Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore our outlook for the global growth prospects for this group is promising. Now a few comments on S.P. Richards, our business products group which reported a 2.2% decrease in total sales for the fourth quarter. This business continues to be challenged by the continued pressures and demands through traditional office supplies, although the facility break room and safety supplies category continues to be a bright spot as they accelerate revenues and close 2017 at approximately 35% percent of total sales. Our fourth quarter business products group results reflect the continuation of challenging trends and the changing landscape of the office products industry. That said, our team remain focused on diversifying this business while building greater size and scale in the growing FBS market. This is a key element of our overall growth strategy and an important consideration as we continue to evaluate our long-term outlook for this business. So that recaps our consolidated and business segment sales results for the fourth quarter of 2017. Overall, the 4.5% sales growth before AAG was consistent with the first nine months of 2017 and we were pleased with the two months contribution from AAG which provided us with total sales growth of 11.3% for the fourth quarter. Importantly, we also made progress with our profitability and improved our operating margin for the first time in several quarters. We credit our teams for improved execution while striving to improve our overall operating performance. While we have work yet to do, we are encouraged with our progress in Q4. So, with that, I'll hand it over to Carol for her remarks. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We'll begin with a review of our key financial information and then discuss our outlook for 2018. As Paul mentioned sales in the fourth quarter up 11% or up 2% before acquisitions and 1% favorable impact of foreign currency. For 2017, our total sales increase of 6% includes 1.5% comparable sales growth, a slight benefit from foreign exchange and a 4.4% increase from acquisitions. Our gross margin for the quarter was a reported 30.52% compared to 29.92% last year and reflects the benefit of increased supplier incentives in our industrial business as well as the higher gross margin associated with AAG's two-month results. The favorable impact of these items was slightly offset by the $5.6 million purchase accounting costs recorded in the fourth quarter. Before the impact of the AAG acquisition and the related purchase accounting cost, our adjusted gross margin would have been 30.2% in the fourth quarter or 30 basis point increase. For the full year, our reported gross margin of 30.08 compares to 29.98 in 2016. Before our accounting for AAG our adjusted gross margin would have been 30%. Looking to 2018, we remained focused on enhancing our gross margins through several key initiatives including continued supplier negotiations both globally and across our businesses. The ongoing investment and more flexible and sophisticated pricing strategies as well as improved analytic capabilities around SKU profitability. We experienced a somewhat inflationary pricing environment in 2017 with at least slight inflation in each of our business segments for the year. Our cumulative supplier price increases for 2017 were three tenths of 1% increase for automotive, 2% percent increase for industrial, 1.3% increase for electrical and six-tenths of 1% for office. Turning to our SG&A our total expenses for the fourth quarter were $1.6 billion, which includes the impact of AAG's two months of operations as well as transaction related costs of $25 million. Excluding these items, our total SG&A would have been $939 million or at 5% and 23.78% of sales which is an increase of 10 basis points from 2016, but improved from the cost increases we reported in the past several quarters. So, despite the challenge of leveraging our expenses with less than 3% organic sales growth, our teams did a good job of managing their expenses during the quarter and we benefited from favorable year-end expenses an area such as incentive compensation, legal and professional, and insurance. With these fourth quarter results, our total expenses were $3.9 billion for the full year including two months with AAG and $43 million in transaction related costs of which $18.5 million was recorded in the third quarter. Excluding these items our total expenses were $3.77 billion, up 7% and 23.51% of sales or a 40 basis points increase. As referenced earlier, our expenses were up in 2017 for several reasons including the lack of leverage on low single-digit sales comps. Rising costs in areas such as wages and labor, freight and delivery, IT and digital investments. To offset these and other increases, we continued to enhance our cost saving initiatives and while we have much work ahead of us we were encouraged by our progress in the fourth quarter. With that said, our goal of achieving a lower cost highly effective distribution infrastructure will take time and our SG&A outlook includes certain costs that we deem necessary to support this objective as we move forward. In addition, we're considering certain accelerated investments in 2018 to take advantage of our projected tax savings related to the tax cuts and job. We expect this process to pressure our overall SG&A to some degree but we're confident in the positive impact on our long-term profitability. We'll now discuss the results by segment, our automotive revenue for the fourth quarter of 2.3000000000 was that 17 percent from the prior year and our operating profit of $183 million is at 14.5% with an operating margin of 7.9 percent as compared to 8.0% in the fourth quarter of 2016. Excluding AAG, automotive fourth quarter sales would have been 2.1 or a 3.8% and our operating profit would have been $169 million or 5.7 percent increase reflecting an 8.2% operating margin. This 8.2% core margin is a 20 basis-points improvement from the fourth quarter in 2016 and it's much improved from the 120-basis points year-over-year decrease we reported in the third quarter. So, with this quarter's core operating performance and our expectation for an improved more normalized operating margin at AAG in 2018 relative to its two-month contribution in 2017. The automotive group entered 2018 with positive momentum which is encouraging. Our industrial sales were 1.2 billion in the quarter, a 7.4% increase from 2016. Operating profit of 103 million was up a strong 27% and their marketing margins significantly improved at 8.3% compared to 7.0% last year. The industrial group continues to benefit from both organic and acquisitive sales growth as well as improved gross margin including the favorable impact of supplier incentives as well as SG&A leverage. We're very pleased with the margin expansion for this segment. Our business product revenues were $466 million down 2% from last year and operating profit of $14 million is down 31% and their operating margin is 2.9%. As Paul discussed earlier, this segment remains under pressure due to the continued challenges facing the industry and as we evaluate our outlook for this business, our teams remain focused on the further diversification into the growing FBS market. The electrical electronic group sales were $193 million in the quarter up 9% from 2016. Their operating profit of $13.5 million is down 13% and the margin for this group is 7.0%. This decline reflects the lack of organic sales growth as well as ongoing customer and product mix shift. So, our total operating profit in the fourth quarter was up 13% on our 11% sales increase and our operating profit margin improved by 10 basis points to 7.4%. If we exclude the two months of AAG, our operating profit was up 8% on a 4.5% sales increase and our operating margin was up 30 basis points to 7.6%. So much improved operating performance for us in the fourth quarter and one that we will look to build on going forward. We had net interest expense of $17.4 million in the quarter which is up $12.6 million primarily due to the increase in debt associated with the AAG acquisition. With this in mind, we expect our net interest expense to be in the range of $93 million to $95 million for 2018. Our total amortization expense was $18 million for the fourth quarter which is an increase from the $12.5 million last year due to the amortization related to AAG. For 2018 we expect full year amortization to be in the range of $83 million to $85 million Depreciation expense of $32 million for the quarter was up $5.5 million from 2016. For 2018 we're projecting total depreciation to be in the range of $135 million to $145 million still on a combined basis, we would expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $220 million to $230 million. The other line which reflects our corporate expense was $56 million for the fourth quarter and that includes $31 million in transaction related costs associated with the AAG acquisition. Excluding those costs, our corporate expense was $25 million compared to $23 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. For the year, this line was $160 million or $111 million if you exclude the $49 million in total transaction related costs that were recorded in the third and fourth quarters of 2017. This is up from the $95 million in the prior year as we had the benefit of certain real estate gains in 2016. For 2018, we're projecting our corporate expense to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 51.3% which reflects $51 million in provisional tax expense related to the transaction tax on foreign earnings as well as the revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities as was required by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017. Excluding the impact of this expense as well as the two months of operation for AAG and any transaction related costs for that acquisition, our income tax rate would have been approximately 35%. This has improved from the 35.5% tax rate in 2016 due to the favorable mix of US and foreign earnings as well of the change in accounting for stock-based compensation. For 2018, we expect further shift in our US and foreign earnings associated with the full year of AAG operations, as well as the estimated benefit of tax reform on the US federal rate. So, we expect our tax rate to be 26% to 27% with provisional tax savings resulting from the tax reform that are currently estimated to be $80 million to $90 million. So now turning to our balance sheet, which remains strong and in excellent condition. Accounts receivable at $2.4 billion is up 25% from the prior year and it's up 3% excluding the impact of acquisitions, primarily AAG as well as foreign currency. This 3% increase compares to our 4.5% sales increase in the fourth quarter and we remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at December 31 was $3.8 billion are up 17% from the prior year and basically flat excluding AAG, our other acquisitions and foreign currency. We're very focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable of $3.6 billion at year-end is up 18% in total and up 3% excluding AAG, other acquisitions as well as foreign currency. The 3% increase reflects lower purchasing activity across our businesses during the latter part of the year offset by the benefit of improved payment terms with certain suppliers. At December 31 of 2017, our AP to inventory ratio was 96%. Our working capital of $1.8 billion at December 31 compares to $1.7 billion in 2016 and excluding AAG is $1.4 billion. Effectively managing our working capital is an ongoing priority for us and we see additional opportunities for improvement in 2018. Our total debt of $3.2 billion at December 31 compares to $900 million outstanding in 2016 and reflects an approximate $2 billion in borrowings the same in the fourth quarter related to the AAG acquisition. Our debt arrangements varying maturity and at December 31 our average interest rate on our total debt was 2.7% with approximately $1.7 billion in debt at fixed rates. We're comfortable with our current debt structure and we're fortunate to have a strong balance sheet and a financial capacity to support our growth initiatives including strategic acquisitions and investments such as AAG and the Inenco Group, which we believe creates significant value for our shareholders. So, in summary, our balance sheet will remain a key strength of the company. In 2017, we generated $815 million in cash from operations and our free cash flow which excludes capital expenditures and the dividend was $253 million. Our cash flow were in-line with our forecast and continue to support our ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe start to maximize shareholder value. Looking ahead we're planning for another strong year for cash generation in 2018 with our cash from operations estimated at $950 million to $1 billion and our free cash flow estimated at approximately $400 million. Our priority for cash remain the dividend, reinvestment in our businesses, share repurchase and strategic acquisitions which Paul covered earlier. Regarding the dividend, yesterday the board approved a $2.88 per share annual dividend for 2018 marking our 62nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid for our shareholders. This represents a 7% increase from the $2.70 per share paid in 2017 and it's approximately 61% of our 2017 adjusted earnings, including the benefit of AAG's two months. Our capital expenditures were $55 million in the fourth quarter and $157 million for the year. For 2018 we're planning for capital expenditures in the range of $200 million to $220 million an increase from 2017 due to the impact of AAG and certain investments that we're planning on in association with our anticipated tax savings. In 2017, we purchased 1.9 million shares of our common stock and today we have 17.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead. We continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best returns to our shareholders. So, this concludes our financial update for the fourth quarter of 2017 and as Paul mentioned before, it was a very active quarter for us and we're proud of our teams for all their efforts including the added work related to the AAG acquisition as well as tax reform. Additionally, while we have more work ahead of us we're encouraged by the progress in our operating performance and we're well positioned to further strengthen our results going forward. So now, turning to our guidance for 2018. Based on our current performance our growth plans and initiative as well as the market conditions that we see in the future we're [ph] our full year 2018 guidance as follows. We expect total sales to be in the plus 12% to plus 13% range including the benefit of any 2017 acquisition such as AAG but no future acquisitions and no impact from foreign currency. By business we expect plus 19% to plus 21% sales growth for the automotive segment and this includes plus 2% to plus 4% sales growth excluding AAG. For the industrial group, we expect plus 4% to plus 5% total sales growth and for business products we expect sales to be down 3% to down 4%. On the earnings side, we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $5.60 to $5.75. This EPS guidance includes the benefit for a full year of operations with AAG as well as approximately $80 million to $90 million and lower provisional income taxes related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With that said, we'd like to thank all of our GPC associates for the continued hard work and dedication. And at this point, I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Reflecting on 2017, our 90th year of operation, we had a number of accomplishments and milestones that better position the company for sustained long-term growth. We surpassed $16 billion in total sales for the first time in our company history. We expanded our global footprint with 15 strategic acquisitions across both existing and new markets adding $2.1 billion in annual revenues. In automotive, we acquired Alliance Automotive Group entering the European market with significant size, scale, and talent. In industrial, we expanded our presence in the growing robotic sector while also acquiring 35% of Australasia's leading industrial distributor. We made significant IT investments to improve our digital capabilities and enhance our B2C online offerings across North America and Australia. We made progress in managing our cost to drive savings at a lower cost structure resulting in improved operating margin in the fourth quarter. We generated solid cash flows returning $569 million to our shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. And finally, yesterday our board approved a 7% increase in the 2018 dividend, our 62nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid by the company. So, we enter 2018 excited for the opportunities ahead and well prepared to build on our accomplishments. We also have the added benefit of a generally strong economy across most of our global markets as well as future savings associated with tax reform. In addition, we believe tax reform has the potential to drive additional growth in US investment and the economy overall further benefitting US companies including GPC, our GPC associates and our key stakeholders. So, in closing, we look forward to operating with three primary business segments in 2018. By group our projected revenues will break down as 57% automotive, 33% industrial and 10% business products. We are market leaders in each of these segments and will continue to focus on both organic and acquisitive sales to drive long term sustained revenue growth. We also moved forward with plans an initiative to enhance our gross margins, reduce our cost and build a highly productive and cost-effective infrastructure. We expect our focus in these key areas to improve the operating performance in each of our businesses and for the company overall and ultimately maximizing shareholder value. We look forward to updating you on our progress again in April when we report on our first quarter 2018 results. So, with that we'll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Bret Jordan, Jefferies.
Bret Jordan:
Paul Donahue: Hi Bret.
Bret Jordan: I got a little late on the call, but I'm not sure if you touched on regional performance in auto and maybe the cadence through the quarter and what you've seen early 18?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Happy to address it Bret. We didn't talk about it specifically, but the cadence for the quarter for GPC a little slower out of the gates in October but we had a good November and a good December both. So, when you have the three up, it equated to a 5% overall increase. Our automotive business and I know specifically of interest to you was the kind of in a similar pattern a really good November and an okay December. If we look across the geography Bret, where we are seeing outperformance in Q4 was in our northern division. So, for us that's the northeast, the central, mid-west in the mountain. Those northern divisions all performed well, a little softer growth in the southern what we would call our southern divisions. But certainly, see a nice growth in the northern regions and what's part of that you have to attribute to the weather patterns.
Bret Jordan: Yes, great. And then on the Alliance business do you have a fairly common vendor base will there be a lot of synergy as far as leveraging the suppliers there? And I guess the follow-up to that will those suppliers also be able to deleverage from a working capital standpoint are the extended payables programs something you can put into the European business?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, it's a little early yet Bret. Actually, our team had a number of meetings last week over in Europe with our global supplier base, and as you would imagine many of our top suppliers in the west, our top suppliers to us in Europe and Australasia for that matter so great companies like [indiscernible] Baash, Gates and Scheffler, Axalta, Delphi they are strategic suppliers for us across all of our markets right now. And yes, we think there's opportunity in a number of areas but honestly, it's just a bit early yet.
Carol Yancey: And Bret, we do see opportunities from a working capital standpoint. We've already been in discussions and started programs with our banks that would be able to include our European operations. And so, all discussions that we're having we look at it from a comprehensive wide program including the working capital side.
Bret Jordan: Give us sort of ballpark and what cash might come out of the Alliance working capital? I mean with their inventory was going into it.
Carol Yancey: We don't but I can tell you and looking at and giving you what was improved guidance and cash from operations and free cash flow, we've contemplated some improvement in there. But won't specifically break that out.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Okay. Bret.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Horvers, JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Horvers: I have a follow-up question on Bret's question. As you think about the US NAPA comp outlook. You saw nice improvement from 3Q to 4Q putting up a one comp in the US. How are you thinking about this year and how do you think about sort of the sustainability which of what I assume was a pretty good start to the year?
Paul Donahue: Well, as we look into 2018 and certainly Chris as you would imagine this cold weather, we expect to ultimately be a nice boost for us. Our comps as you mentioned for 2017 were in the 1% range and for 2018, we were expecting still in the 1% to 3% range and certainly, our teams are going to be pulling every lever to get us to the top end of that range. It's early yet, and again I think this colder weather as reflected in the strong performance we're seeing in our northern divisions, I think longer term that's going to give a boost to our US automotive business.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then on the margin front, you mentioned I think that ex-AAG gross margins are up 30 basis points year-over-year. Was there anything unsustainable about that whether it when their allowances sort of catch up in the fourth quarter that won't necessarily be indicative of how we think about modeling 2018?
Carol Yancey: Yes. I would point out on the gross margin. So, look there was in the Q4 probably two-thirds of that 30 basis points related to incremental rebase and primarily in our industrial group. The other 10 basis points is the core improvement. We had some favorable mix shift and some automotive product categories in the quarter as far as how the category has performed as well as Motions for business. To say that's not sustainable, I mean look, we're modelling similar core growth for industrial going into 2018 and looking for similar margin improvement. So, we would have to assume that that would stay in the numbers and we actually feel pretty good about gross margin. We were really pleased to see the Q4 opportunities and the trends that presented themselves.
Christopher Horvers: So, it sounds like no less than 10, but maybe not all the way up to 30?
Carol Yancey: Look. One other thing I'd point out Chris and with AAG and the acquisition, I mean we're going to have sometimes acquisitions come in with a little different gross margin and SG&A, but you have similar operating margins. But you've seen us, like I said we had some good improvement in the quarter and I hope we can sustain being around that 30% or slightly better. And look, some of the things we're doing in the pricing area, that's also going to help us on the gross margin side.
Christopher Horvers: And then my last question is Motion had very strong operating profit expansion, 8.3% in the fourth quarter. And if I look back historically, that low 8% range on an annual basis is where that business seems to [ph] out on sort of when you get into that very strong macro environment. So, is that where that enforce you a good read on how to think about 2018 overall?
Carol Yancey: Yes, well [ph] and again I would point out from Motion, so that improvement it was about a-third, a-third, a-third with incremental rebates, leverage on their core growth with SG&A and then just improvement in their core growth profit. So, as we look to more what their annual margin was in the high seven's, we would expect it to go up closer to the eight. But long-term, we're always looking for kind of an 8%, 8.5% for the industrial group.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, I would just make a comment. I want to appreciate you calling out Motion. Motion had a very good year across the board. They had essentially 7% increases every quarter last year. We're excited about our acquisition, investment in Australia, basically the motion industry industries of Australia with the Inenco Group and look forward to expanding that investment in the coming 12 to 24 months. We're very bullish on our industrial business. If you look at all the key indicators from the PMI, industrial production there is no reason we shouldn't see another good year out of our industrial business in 2018.
Christopher Horvers: Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question.
Carol Yancey: Hi Chris.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, just had a quick clarifying question. It's not like the, you might actually see this explicitly. But it's not like the math you gave on the call, what it suggested a 5.7% operating margin for AAG in the quarter. One I guess is that correct? And then two I was trying to contextualize the 30-basis points pressure, I mean it's put that on 6% of sales, it seems like [ph] repurchase accounting. Is that the right way to think about that or is there an outstanding SG&A adjustment?
Carol Yancey: Well, let me take this in two parts. So first of all, you're doing some math to get to the automotive margin and I would tell you, we put AAG in for two months and two months is not necessarily representative of the full year for 2018. I mean you definitely have some seasonality. December in Europe, I mean you had two less selling days in France, one less selling day in the UK and you've got your level of fixed cost. So, we didn't give guidance on those two months that we are reiterating our confidence in our guidance in a more normalized margin for 2018. So, that's the first comment, the second comment is there is no purchase accounting or one-time deal cost in our automotive operating margins. We put everything in the other line and the purchase accounting and all that is in that other line. So, and going forward we would always pull that out of the operating segment.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes, that's okay. I understood that. And then, just wanted clarification on the weather gap. I think you just contextualized it. But were you able to say with the weather gap actually was between kind of the northeast markets and the rest of the country and had the compare to Q3? Just want to understand how much of that were actually contributing to the quarter?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Chris for Q4 we saw about two full points of gap between our northern businesses and our southern business. And if you look at Q3, that gap was even more narrow it was closer to a point in Q3. But look the November numbers that we saw and we had good month in November, that also happen to be the coldest month in Q4. So, once again there is a direct correlation in our U.S. automotive business tide to the weather pattern. So again, we're bullish looking ahead at some of this winter weather that we're seeing, we'll be positive for our U.S. business in 2018.
Chris Bottiglieri: And then, I guess somewhat related; I think you talked to the south being weaker, would have thought like it was a rig count and what we're hearing on demand for fleet -- fleet sales etcetera, like heavy duty trucks; can you talk about just generally speaking how your energy markets in heavy duty business is performing relatively?
Paul Donahue: That's a great question, Chris, and I would tell you that our energy markets and specifically our southwestern division, they had a good quarter, they outpaced the balance of our southern division. So if you think -- I mean, when we talk about our southern divisions, we're stretching coast to coast and the southwest and our energy markets absolutely outperformed the balance of our southern divisions.
Operator: And we'll go next to Matt Fassler, Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler: My first question is sort of a follow-up from Q3. I think there was one business, I believe automotive where rebates worked against you from a gross margin perspective in Q3. If I'm right in recalling that, did that issue in essence go away in Q4?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So in Q3 we called out some onetime sure off [ph] related to automotive and our business product segment and that was adjusting to what our purchasing levels were, our sales levels; so you had a little more of a true-up in Q3. Q4 was less of a headwind but still had it on the business product side. What helped us on gross margin in Q4 from automotive, we had some product mix shift that were a little bit better, so we had product categories that have higher margin, that didn't perform as well in Q3, those performed better in Q4. And then said the other way, we had lower margin product categories that were performing really well in Q3 that were driving down margins; so we had some product mix favorable side changes in Q4. So definitely not as much incentive noise in Q4.
Matt Fassler: Understood. And then you spoke about tax reform and the amount you're going to flow through; could you help us quantify the discretionary investment if you can do so that you chose to make -- given that tax reform hasn't [indiscernible] a bit of a windfall and I'm going windfall to your net income run rate?
Carol Yancey: So, these are our best estimates right now as you guys know, this is all provisional and we've done the best we can, estimate what that is and looking at the $80 million to $90 million in both cash and EPS savings, you're going to see us evaluate that and put it in our usual priority, so we certainly mention the 7% increase in the dividend this morning. We've mentioned incremental investments in our business and when you look at our CapEx, we certainly had to include an amount in there for AAG but there could be an estimated $25 million to $45 million in incremental CapEx that we've put into our 2018 guidance. And then we want to invest in our facilities technology investments, probably go at a quicker pace since this has presented itself. And then lastly, we're looking at some programs that would directly benefit our people and this can be in areas like training and talent and compensation and certainly investments in our facilities also benefit our employees as well; so that's all been reflected in our guidance.
Matt Fassler: So the $5.60 to $5.75 includes what you might do with some of that money out of P&L?
Carol Yancey: Yes. And look, I know on the $5.60 to $5.75, I mean we've talked about -- there are some investments that we're having to make in our North America automotive business and those are incremental investments, we've got additional CapEx, we've got some headwinds on the business product segment. And then we did have and we've called out, we did have some favorable one-time adjustments in Q4 that were in insurance, legal and professional; those things present themselves with maybe $0.15 to $0.20 EPS headwind, and that's been contemplated in the guidance that we've given you but we're still putting out there plus 19% to plus 22% increase in EPS.
Operator: We'll take our next question from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: I guess bit of a follow-on to Matt's question if you think about reinvesting and thanks for outlining all that but I didn't mention -- it didn't seem like there is anything on the gross margin side could there be given that some of these -- the investment in people and facilities could be in supply chain? And then I had a follow-up.
Carol Yancey: You're spot-on, I appreciate the additional clarity. We have a long list of projects we've meet in doubt with our Canadian team, our U.S. team and it ranges anywhere from pricing, software and optimization and investments in people, data analytics to supply chain reinvention, to using more predictive analytics in our inventory modeling and supply chain. Facilities is around whether it's conveyers or our warehouse management system combining facilities, you can definitely get productivity improvements, you can get gross margin improvements, so we haven't necessarily put it on each line item, we're just telling you that those investments will benefit us in the long-term.
Unidentified Analyst: And my follow-up was on the motion industries; I think Paul, you've called out how well it's done and how the outlook there seems to be improving. If we look at your guidance for this year on motion; how much of the growth -- I think last year 7% was sort of the numbers that kept put up for this year how much do you expect of the growth to be acquisition as opposed to organic?
Carol Yancey: So last year's full year numbers had a comp number of 4% and acquisitions of 3% and that's what got you to the 7%. We're giving you the plus 4% to plus 5% which would imply a comp of 3% to 4% and acquisitions of 1% to 2%; that acquisitions is carryover from 2017 acquisitions, it's nothing further. I can tell you we certainly hope to be at the higher end of that 3% to 4% and -- but right now we felt like it was appropriate to start with 3% to 4%. Paul mentioned all the favorable fundamentals, we had a presentation from their management team yesterday and we certainly all feel encouraged by the long-term fundamentals but right now we're going to start-off the year with kind of a similar comp into '18.
Paul Donahue: And we've got a really high performing management team at motion and if the right opportunities come along on the acquisition front we will absolutely step into them and continue to look at tuck-ins and bolt-ons for our motion team. But that team we expect to have another really good 2018 and I would just add to Greg, welcome back, it's good to hear your voice again.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Curtis [ph], Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: A very quick question on the new revenue recognition standards for franchisees; just wondering if there is any implications for the numbers for your guys in terms of going forward or perhaps historical numbers?
Carol Yancey: Actually we've been working on that for two years now, we did a lot of analysis, a lot of work on it and came up with a very immaterial minimal adjustment; so really no impact on the company which is why it's not really called out. And so because of our -- the way that we just recognize our product sales and again, we looked at a lot of different things that we will not be reporting much of an impact.
Operator: We'll go next to Carolina Jolly, Gabelli.
Carolina Jolly: I guess as I look to some of the more global occurrences, it looks like we're getting some still tariff and maybe some change to trade agreements. Are we able to expect due to past prices right away or is there some lag in that?
Paul Donahue: Carolina, you were kind of breaking up on us. Can you repeat that question?
Carolina Jolly: So as we see some -- these steel tariffs come through and some change to the trade agreements potentially, are we -- do we expect GPC to pass price along or is there some type of lag in that?
Paul Donahue: I'm sorry, I didn't catch it the first time but I understand what you're asking now. And absolutely if we absorb raw material increase and that our suppliers come to us with increases we will absolutely pass those along and don't anticipate any lag period between us accepting those price increases and us passing those increases along. That said Carolina, we with our scale now in Europe, Australasia and of course, across North America, we are evaluating all of our global supplier base and as the question was asked earlier, we've got some great global strategic suppliers that we'll give every opportunity to partner with us as we move forward. But in terms directly to your question, we will absolutely pass along any price increases that we've received.
Operator: And due to time constraints, I'd like to turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. We appreciate your support at Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting out on our first quarter results in April. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - SVP, IR Paul Donahue - President and CEO Carol Yancey - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Bret Jordan - Jefferies Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Seth Basham - Wedbush
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead Sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2017 conference call to discuss our earnings results and current outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. We'll begin today with comments from our President and CEO, Paul Donahue. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you Sid, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. As always we appreciate you taking the time to be with it. Earlier today we released our third quarter results. I’ll make a few remarks on our overall performance and then cover the highlights by business. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2017. After that we will open the call to your question. To get us started, let's recap our third quarter sales and earnings performance across our global automotive, industrial, office and electrical operations.  Total GPC sales were up 4% to $4.1 billion with net income at 158 million and earnings per share at $1.08. These results include approximately $18.5 million in pretax transaction cost primarily related to the previously announced acquisition of Alliance Automotive Group in Europe or AAG which we look to close in November. The $0.48 per share impact of these cost, adjusted earnings per share were $1.16 compared to $1.24 in the third quarter last year. As a diversified global distributor we continue to benefit from the balance of serving a broad range of geographies and end markets. While our US automotive, office and electrical businesses are operating in challenging end markets today, our industrial and international automotive businesses are operating in a more favorable market conditions and generating stronger growth. To that end, our investment in AAG, a leading European based automotive parts distributor, which we'll discuss later in our remarks underscores the growth opportunities we see internationally.  In total, the diversity in our operations combined with an ongoing strategy to drive both organic and acquisitive growth enabled us to deliver a 4% total sales increase despite the challenging operating environment, one less billing day in the third quarter relative to last year and the disruption caused by three hurricanes and an earthquake in Mexico. Total comparable sales were up 1% in the third quarter and we stand at plus 1% for the nine months through September. While positive this was below our expectation for 2% organic growth in the second half, which we were targeting to our share of wallet and digital initiatives as well as the ongoing expansion of our products and service offering. As a result, our net margins continue to be pressured in the third quarter. As we will discuss, in addition to organic growth we are looking at opportunities to capture cost saving and enhance productivity which will enable us to increase margins despite pressures on the topline.  Turning to our acquisition strategy, we believe the ongoing headwinds in key markets and geographies continue to provide opportunities for accretive transactions. The acquisitions we have made to-date knows we may execute going forward are intended to grow our businesses and further enhance our footprint so that we may capitalize on the upturn in our markets and create additional shareholder value.  Through the third quarter we have acquired businesses with approximately $215 million in annual revenues and made a minority investment in Inenco, a market leading industrial distributor in Australia. Acquisitions added 2% to sales in the third quarter and we anticipate that each of these new businesses will positively contribute to our further results. For the fourth quarter we have announced plans to add three additional businesses AGG and Monroe Motor Products in the automotive group and Apache Hose & Belting Company in the industrial segment with total estimated annual revenues of $2 billion.  We are excited to expand our global platform with these new businesses and look forward to their future contributions in both the quarters and years ahead. Turning to our global automotive operations, automotive was 52% of our total revenues in the third quarter of 2017. For the quarter, our total automotive sales were up 3.6% from last year consistent with the second quarter and with comparable sales on a global basis up approximately 1%. In our US operations total sales were up 2% in the third quarter, with flat comparable sales. Across our customer segments, comparable sales to retail/DIY customers continue to outperform our sales to commercial accounts. On the commercial side of the business, sales remain pressured by slow demand across our customer base with sales to NAPA AutoCare centers and major accounts down just slightly. Our major account business fluctuated by customer and we see a number of major accounts where we performed quite well but we also have a number of other accounts where we are off year-over-year.  We're pleased to report a slight uptick in our fleet business in September especially in the energy and ag markets. This is the segment of our commercial business that has been challenged most of the year. We look at our product groups, batteries, rotating electrical, tools and equipment, and heavy duty sales all posted positive gains while categories such as ride control, exhaust, and heating and cooling remained soft consistent with the second quarter. These sales trends correlate to the warmer than average winter weather and milder summer temps both of which extended the pressure on demand. By geographical region, the mountain region which experienced the harshest 2016 weather conditions in the country continue to outperform. And the northeast and the western division also had solid results in the quarter. Likewise despite the impact of Hurricane Harvey, the southwest division generated a slight Q3 sales increase. The southeast division had a more difficult quarter as it dealt with Hurricane Irma, but we would expect our business in both of these regions to snap back in the fourth quarter. The Atlantic, Central and Midwest regions all underperformed.  Turning to retail, we continue to produce solid mid-single digit sales comps via several initiatives. Our growing NAPA rewards program is available in-store and online and now has more than 5.5 million members. This program has helped drive consistent retail growth and we continue to experience higher retail tickers and more frequent visits from our NAPA rewards members underscoring the program success. We continue to look at ways to further expand and enhance NAPA rewards in 2018.  We're also making progress with our retail impact initiative, the 350 stores updated for this initiative through September which is up from 275 in June continue to outperform our overall retail growth with high-single digit retail sales comps. We are very pleased with these results which exceeded our expectations and we remain on track to have approximately 500 of these retail impact stores completed by the end of 2017. The retail end customer has more choices today than ever before, so it is encouraging to see our initiatives driving sustained growth in the NAPA retail segment. We also expect our ongoing acquisitions to positively contribute to both our commercial and retail sales. In addition to the three automotive store group acquisitions and Stone Truck Parts added to our US network earlier this year. We announced this morning the addition of Monroe Motor Products through our automotive parts business effective November 1 of this year. Monroe a 100-year old auto parts chain is based in Rochester, New York. This leading regional player with $25 million in revenues, 17 stores and a large hub, filled the significant void for our US automotive parts business in the Rochester trading area. We are pleased to welcome Michael Gordon and Monroe team to GPC family and look forward to working with them to expand our market share in the Rochester market. Across our US automotive aftermarket, the long-term fundamental drivers for our business remains sound. The size of the vehicle fleet continues to grow, the average age of the fleet is up 11.7 years. Field prices remain favorable for the consumer and miles driven continues to post steady gains. Total miles driven increased 0.8% in July and are up 1.5% year-to-date. The national average price of gasoline was $2.76 in September, up $0.30 from June and more than $0.40 from last year. We can expect to see further increases in miles driven albeit at a slower rate.  Despite these sound fundamentals and the benefit of our US automotive acquisitions, which are meeting our expectations and driving sales growth, our organic growth has been below expectations. Cyclical factors such as two consecutive mild winters and vehicle age demographics has created a challenging environment. While we expect these industry conditions to improve in the quarters and year ahead, we are also focused on pulling the levers we do have control over to ensure we are well positioned as market conditions improve. To that end we're taking a close look at cost and productivity measures across this business and will be implementing initiatives to enable us to more quickly respond to market changes and ensure we are achieving an improved productivity and efficiency wherever possible. So now let's turn to our international automotive businesses in Australasia, Canada and Mexico. These operations account for nearly one-third of our global automotive revenues and as a group delivered a 5% total sales increase including a 3% comparable sales increase in local currency. In Australia and New Zealand, third quarter sales were up low-to-mid single digits driven by a slight increase in comparable sales and the ongoing benefit of acquisitions. The Asia Pac business operated with 559 total stores across Australasia in the third quarter and has plans for further store expansion in the future. We were pleased to bulk on strategically important tool and equipment distributor to our New Zealand operation in Q3. The combination of so called tool and equipment and Repco positions our team as the number one player in the equipment market as well as giving us access to a new range of customers. Further, the underlying fundamentals for the Australasian aftermarket remains solid with a growing car part driven by record car sales, relatively low gas prices, and upward trends in miles driven.  Turning to NAPA Canada, both total sales and comparable sales strengthened further in the third quarter increasing in the mid to high single digit range from last year. We achieved this growth was strong execution of our strategy along with the favorable Canadian aftermarket sales climate. Areas of outsized growth continue to be our heavy duty truck parts business, our paint business, and our overall business in Western Canada. Finally in Mexico, our sales remains strong growing by high-single digits and reflecting our continued expansion of the NAPA Mexico footprint. Today, we have 39 total stores with plans to open additional stores in the quarters ahead. Before concluding our review of the automotive segment, we want to spend a few minutes on our pending acquisition of Alliance Automotive Group. This acquisition is valued at $2 billion and is expected to generate an estimated annual revenues of US$1.7 billion while also delivering accretive margins and positive net cash flows. As a reminder, we expect the acquisition to be immediately accretive to earnings in the first year after closing. For 2018, incremental diluted earnings per share is estimated at $0.45 to $0.50 and adjusted earnings per share which excludes the amortization of acquisition-related intangible is estimated at $0.65 to $0.70.  With this acquisition we’ll enter the European markets with critical scale in a leading market position and we are looking forward to working with the very talented AAG team to build on this strength and drive continued outperformance. AAG is poised to contribute significant sales growth and earnings accretion to GPC and also tariffs to enhance the GPC platform for long-term sustainable expansion across the global automotive parts industry. We have received all applicable regulatory approvals to proceed with this acquisition and expect to close in November. We can also report that just last week AAG received final regulatory approval and closed down their acquisition of Group Auto Poland. So we entered the fourth quarter with a continued focus on accelerating our comp sales growth, while also focusing - while also looking forward to the opportunities presented by our pending acquisitions and longer term acquisition strategy. Turning now to our industrial business, motion industries represented 30% of our third quarter total GPC revenues and was up 7.1% in the quarter. This is consistent with the strong growth we saw in the first and second quarters and includes a 4% comparable sales increase which is also consistent with the first half of 2017.  We remain encouraged by the continued strength in our industrial sales thus far in 2017 which reflects both improving organic growth and acquisitions. In addition, the industry has benefited from favorable market conditions as broad-based industrial indicators such as industrial production and the PMI index as well as rig counts and the level of exported goods have all trended positive. These factors drive greater customer demand across the diverse markets we serve and we expect to see this continue in the quarters ahead. A review of our motion business by industry sector, product category and top customers shows that we are performing well across all operations. Of our top 12 industries, ten sectors showed solid sales including top performing areas such as iron and steel, lumber and wood, equipment rental and leasing, oil and gas equipment, equipment and machinery, and aggregate and cement. So industrial solid third quarter and nine month performance was broad based. Finally, as announced this morning we expect motion to close on the caution of Apache Hose & Belting Company on November 1.  Apache is based Cedar Rapids, Iowa and is the premier distributor specializing in the value added fabrication of belts, hoses, and cut and molded products used in a wide array of industries and applications. Apache servers both the industrial and ag markets, and combined with motion creates a market leading value added offering in the belting and hose business. We expect Apache to generate estimated annual revenues of $100 million and we look forward to working with Tom Pientok the Apache team to further build on this business. In summary, we are encouraged by the solid results in our industrial business thus in 2017 and see no slowdown in sight for the quarters ahead. Turning now to EIS, electrical distribution segment which was 5% of the company’s total third quarter revenue. Sales for this group were up 11.6% in the third quarter due primarily to the Empire Wire and Supply acquisition on April 1. The addition of Empire further expanded EIS’ wire and cable business and in particular it strengthens our overall capabilities to serve the industrial robotics and automation market. This new business continues to perform well as does the overall wire and cable segment. Our core electrical business including fabrication operations have softened slightly from the first half of the year.  We expect these trends to stabilize and overall we continue to look for solid total sales growth at EIS in the quarters ahead. And now a few comments on our office products business, which was 12% of the company's Q3 revenue. The office products group reported a 4.7% decrease in both total sales and comparable sales as the ongoing decline in demand for traditional office supplies continue to pressure sales across all our channels. The exception to our decline in comp sales trend would be other facilities, break room and safety supplies category which is growing significantly and now stands at approximately 35% of total sales for the office group. Unfortunately the sales increase for this important product group was not enough to offset the decrease in sales of traditional office supplies, furniture and tech products. Our third quarter results are consistent with recent sales trends and highlights significance of our efforts to expand SVR’s products and services offering in the large and growing FBS market. While our team has done a solid job of executing our strategy to diversify the segment with deteriorating trends and the changing landscape of the industry including the strategic shift inside our customer base we are reviewing whether the current plan is adequate for sustained growth and profitability in accordance with our long-term objectives.  So that recaps our consolidated and business segment sales results for the third quarter. Overall total sales of plus 4% were relatively consistent with the first six months of 2017. Given our margin profile however our challenge is to overcome the industry wide headwinds in the US automotive, office and electrical segments of our business and produce stronger organic growth. This is essential as we look to build on the opportunities presented by our acquisition strategy and improve our profitability. So with that I'll hand it over to Carol who will provide you a financial update and our updated outlook for the year. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you Paul, we’ll begin with the review of our key financial information and then we will provide our updated outlook for 2017. Our total sales in the third quarter were at 3.9% including 1% increase in comparable revenues. Our gross margin for the quarter was 29.95% compared to 30.4% last year. The decrease is due primarily to lower supplier incentives recorded in the quarter associated with lower than expected purchasing volume. In addition, we experienced product mix shift in several of our businesses, US automotive, office and electric which also pressured our margins.  For the nine months gross margin of 29.9% remains fairly steady with the prior year as the more favorable gross margin trends in the first six months mostly offset this quarter's decline. With that said we remain focused on enhancing our gross margin through several key initiatives including continued supplier negotiations, the ongoing investment in a more flexible and sophisticated pricing strategies as well as improved analytic capabilities around SKU profitability. We continue to see a somewhat inflationary pricing environment across our businesses in the third quarter with each of our businesses showing at least slight inflation through the nine months of the year. Our cumulative supplier price changes through September stand at 0.3% increase for automotive, 1.8% increase for industrial, 0.6% increase for our office and increase of 1.3% for electrical.  Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses for the third quarter were 981 million or 962 million before the 18.5 million in transaction costs, primarily related to our pending European acquisition. On an adjusted basis, our total expenses were up 6% from last year and at 23.5% of sales and we continue to experience the de-leveraging of expenses associated with the slower organic sales environment in several of our businesses. In addition rising labor, freight and delivery, IT and digital investments as well as continued acquisition costs are also driving our increase in operating expenses. These items are offsetting our previously planned cost savings initiatives as Paul mentioned before, but we have another round of plans and initiatives underway to further capture additional cost savings and enhance our productivity. Streamlining our cost structure is essential to improve our profitability and we have several action plans underway to accomplish this goal. Some specific examples include further consolidation or closing of select facilities including distribution centers, branches and underperforming stores.  Our past efforts in this area are positively impacting our operations and they serve to maintain our total headcount at relatively flat, despite the addition of several acquisitions during the year. With that said, we recognized the need as well as the opportunities for even greater operational efficiencies as well as more significant cost savings. Additionally, we're piloting a variety of cost savings programs to improve our exposure to the increasing freight and delivery costs.  While some of these initiatives will take some time to produce meaningful benefits, the expected savings will position us for improved profitability in the quarter and years ahead. So although we have much work ahead of us, we’re excited for the opportunity to achieve a lower cost highly effective distribution infrastructure for our businesses. Now we’ll discuss the results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the third quarter at 2.2 billion was up 3.6% from the prior year and our operating profit at 178 million is down 10%, with an operating margin of 8.2% compared to 9.4% margin in the third quarter of last year. We're very disappointed with the margin decline in automotive, which we attribute to several factors including lower supplier incentives and a product mix shift to lower margin products including more commodities, which impacted our gross margins as well as the deleveraging of expenses and a rise in expenses such as freight and delivery, legal and professional, insurance and ongoing wage pressures.  These headwinds were especially extreme in the quarter given our expectations for somewhat stronger comparable sales growth especially in the US automotive group. Our industrial sales of 1.2 billion in the quarter were 7% increase from the prior year. Operating profit of 95 million is up a strong 10.5% and our operating margin has improved to 7.6% compared to 7.4% last year as this segment continues to benefit from both organic and acquisitive sales growth as well as improved gross margins and SG&A leverage. Office products revenues of 510 million were down 5% from last year and their operating profit of 24 million is down 21% with an operating margin of 4.7%. The margin for office remains under pressure due to the accelerated decline in organic sales and deleveraging of expenses. In addition this segment had a fairly significant decrease in supplier incentives in the quarter. As Paul commented earlier we're currently reviewing our plans to address those trends in this business.  The electrical electronic group sales were 199 million in the quarter, up 12% from 2016. Operating profit of 13.5 million is down 5% and the margin for this group is 6.8%. so despite strong total sales growth, organic sales remains challenged for EIS and it continues to pressure our margins. We’re also impacted by going customer and product mix shifts which are offsetting the positive impact of their cost savings initiatives in this business. So our total operating profit in the third quarter was down 5% and our operating profit margin of 7.6% compared to 8.3% last year. So a challenging quarter which we expect to correct in the quarters ahead through gross margin and operating expense initiatives that we discussed earlier. We had net interest at 8.2 million in the quarter, up 3 million from the prior year due to an increase in our debt levels and certain variable interest rates. With these factors in mind, we’re updating our net interest expense to be in the range of 26 to 27 million for the year excluding any financing costs for the pending AAG acquisition. Our total amortization expense was 11.8 million for the third quarter as compared to 10.3 million last year. We currently expect our full-year amortization to be approximately 46 million, which excludes the amortization associated with the pending AAG acquisition.  Our depreciation expense of 28.4 million for the quarter is up slightly from last year. For the full year, we continue to expect total depreciation to be in the range of 110 to 120 million and on a combined basis, we expect depreciation and amortization of approximately 155 to 165 million. The other line which primarily reflects corporate expense was 43.9 million for the quarter. This includes 18.5 million in transaction costs primarily related to the pending AAG acquisition. Excluding these costs, this line is up 4 million from the 21 million last year essentially due to the $7 million gain recorded in the prior year for a sale of real estate last year. So overall our corporate expenses are trending down slightly from 2016 despite higher costs associated with personnel, legal and professional, IT, security and digital which we’re managing very carefully. For 2017, we continue to expect corporate expense to be in the range of 105 to 115 million range. This excludes the transaction cost as noted above.  Our tax rate for the third quarter was 35.7 compared to 36.4 last year. The decrease in the quarterly and year-to-date rates primarily relates to a higher mix of foreign earnings which are taxed at lower rates. And in addition the recently adopted change in accounting for stock-based compensation has also positively impacted our 2017 rates. For the full year we expect our tax rate to be approximately 35.5%. So now let's turn to a discussion of the balance sheet which remains strong and in excellent condition. Account receivable of 2.2 billion is up 6% from the prior year. This is in line with our average daily sales growth for September. We also remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at quarter end was 3.4 billion, up 7% from last year and this has improved from the 9% year-over-year increase reported in June. In addition, excluding acquisitions and FX, our inventory is up 4% year-over-year and up just less than 1% from the year end.  We're very focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable of 3.3 billion at September 30 is up 6% despite slower purchasing activity across several of our businesses, most notably in the US automotive group. Offsetting these lower purchases is the ongoing benefit of improved payment terms with our suppliers as well as acquisitions. At September 30 of 2017, AP to inventory ratio was 98%. Our working capital of 1.5 billion at September 30 is consistent with the prior year and down from year end. Overall we continue to maintain a relatively steady level of working capital from quarter to quarter but we're certainly not satisfied at our current levels. We're currently looking for opportunities to further improve on our working capital management.  Our total debt of 1.1 billion at September 30 has remained fairly steady over the last several quarters although it's up from September a year ago from 775 million. Our average cost of the debt is a low 2.49% and in today's low rate environment we're comfortably using our strong balance sheet and financial capacity to finance our pending European acquisition, which will add approximately 2 billion in debt to our balance sheet. AAG represents an excellent growth opportunity for GPC and we're comfortable with our anticipated capital structure with debt at approximately two times EBITDA. So in summary, our balance sheet will remain a key strength of the company. Thus far, in 2017, we’ve generated cash from operations of 542 million and we're updating our full year cash from operations to approximately 750 million to 800 million and free cash flow, which excludes capital expenditures and the dividend, in the $200 million to $250 million range. While lower than previously estimated, our cash flow remains solid and it supports our ongoing priorities for the use of cash, which we believe starts to maximize shareholder value.  Our priorities remain the dividend, reinvestment in our businesses, share repurchases and strategic acquisitions. Our 2017 annual dividend of $2.70 per share marks our 61st consecutive year of increased dividend paid to our shareholders. This represents approximately 57% of our prior year earnings and a 3% dividend yield. We look forward to recommending our 62nd consecutive dividend increase in 2018. Our investment in capital expenditures was 43 million in the third quarter and stands at 97 million for the nine months.  For the year, we continue to plan for capital expenditures in the range of 140 million to 150 million. Over the first nine months of the year, we purchased approximately 1.9 million shares of our stock and today, we have 17.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. This includes the 15 million share authorization that was approved by our board of directors at their August board meeting. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with a dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. So that concludes our financial update for the third quarter of 2017. And in summary, we are not satisfied with our current results and we're taking further action to enhance our gross margins and streamline our cost structure across all of our businesses. We're absolutely focused in these areas and we look forward to reporting to you on our progress. So now, let's turn to our guidance for 2017. Based on our current performance, our growth plans and initiatives and the current market conditions, we’re updating our full-year 2017 guidance as follows. We're increasing our total sales guidance to the plus 4% to plus 4.5% range from our previous guidance of plus 3% to plus 4%. This outlook includes the benefit of our acquisitions closed through September 30 as well as the Apache and Monroe acquisitions announced today, which will close on November 1, but no other future acquisitions.  We currently expect the slight benefit from currency translation for the full year. By business, we're updating our sales outlook for the automotive side to approximately 3.5% from the previous plus 3% to plus 4%. We're updating sales for industrial to plus 5.5% to plus 6% from our previous plus 4% to plus 5%. We're updating sales for the office segment to approximately 2% from the previous plus 2% to plus 3%.  And finally, we’re updating sales for the Electrical segment to plus 8% to plus 9% from our prior guidance of plus 7% to plus 8%. On the earnings side, we’re updating our guidance for the full year earnings per share to $4.47 to $4.52 per share. We're also guiding to an adjusted earnings per share in the range of $4.55 to $4.60, which compares to our prior outlook of $4.70 to $4.75.  Our adjusted earnings per share excludes any fourth quarter 2017 revenue, earnings or expenses, including transaction costs associated with the pending acquisition of AAG as well as the transaction costs reported in the third quarter of 2017 as noted in our press release and today's call. We would add that our outlook for adjusted earnings per share reflects our expectation for a slight increase in fourth quarter earnings relative to fourth quarter of 2016. So while we underperformed in the third quarter, we're taking the corrective action necessary to improve our profitability in the quarter and years ahead. With that said, we close by saying thank you to all of our GPC associates for their continued hard work day in and day out. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We enter the fourth quarter focused on generating stronger organic sales growth as well as maximizing the benefits of our acquisitions. Next month, we expect to close on the Alliance Automotive Group in Europe as well as the Apache and Monroe Motor Parts acquisitions announced earlier today. We believe in the long term benefits of our acquisition strategy and are excited to add these businesses to our operations.  As mentioned before, we also move forward intensely focused on the plans and initiatives underway to reduce costs and improve our profitability, with the objective of enhancing gross margins and building a highly productive, cost effective infrastructure. While this has always been our focus, we understand we need to take steps now to be more nimble in challenging environments and ensuring we are positioned to capitalize on opportunities as the market begins to recover.  We have consistently stated that our business is fit best under the GPC umbrella, we also continually assess the contribution of each business to our long term financial objectives for sustained revenue growth, cash flow generation and profitability. Although we are not satisfied with this quarter’s results, we are optimistic with the opportunities that lie ahead and we move forward with a heightened sense of urgency as we focus on maximizing shareholder value and positioning the company for long term success. So with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: And we'll go first to Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Could you talk a little about the cadence in auto as the quarter went, were there any particularly weak or strong months in the period?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. The good news, Bret, is that the month of September was, for the US group, was our best month of the quarter. August was a little softer, but as I said, September, we rebounded nicely on an average daily sales basis. If we look across our total automotive business, similar pattern. September was the strongest of the three months for global automotive business.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And how do you think you did relative to the underlying market, as you sort of look across the board and I guess it's hard to see everybody is POS, but do you think you’re relatively keeping pace or were there any supply issues?
Paul Donahue: No. Look, I would -- being the first one now, Bret, we haven't had the advantage of seeing our competitors’ numbers, but with flat comp numbers in the US, I'm guessing we're within range of most. I don't believe we're giving up market share as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We saw nice growth in our DIY business. Again, I think that’s directly related to the things that we're doing and the initiatives we have in play. We saw a little bit of softness in the DIFM business, but again, we've got, I think, initiatives to get that turned as we head into the homestretch here.
Bret Jordan: Okay. On the margins in auto, you talked about the supplier incentive being down as well as the negative mix. Could you kind of bucket those and I guess from a supplier standpoint, I'm hearing a lot across the board, people trying to get their inventory levels down, have you taken within your total inventories, the auto content down and maybe if you could just sort of, within the margin, talk about how much is lower incentive versus lower margin mix?
Carol Yancey: Yeah. Bret, I’ll answer that in two ways. One is specifically to automotive margins, which were down 120 basis points in the quarter. I would say three predominant factors that have equal weight. One would be the lower rebates. The other would be the lower organic sales that we had planned for better organic sales. And then the other would be the SG&A, which is not only the leverage issue, but it’s some of the costs we pointed out, be it IT, digital, wage pressures.  I mean, look, automotive headcount is flat, but when you layer in the wage pressures, the cost of insurance benefits, that’s weighing on there and the other thing in SG&A that we’ve called out is the delivery, the freight, the diesel feel. That really wasn't anticipated. There was definitely some spikes up related to some supply issues and the hurricanes and for us, the cost of delivery was a factor and so that’s the automotive margins. And then just when you look at the total gross profit in the quarter, we were down 46 basis points. 20 of that was related to the volume incentive in rebates and that's a combination of automotive and office.
Bret Jordan: Was there any AAG expense in the auto and the SG&A in the quarter?
Carol Yancey: No, the cost that we called out, the 18.5 million is all in the corporate expense, other line and none of it flowed through the operating margins.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And since you said the word hurricane, what do you think you lost to the hurricanes in the quarter?
Carol Yancey: Well, from a sales standpoint, it’s half a point. And that’s pretty representative across all four of our segments. It was a little bit higher in industrial and there is an impact on the profit side as well. So, we believe that was probably a penny or two in the quarter as it relates to that, but definitely a half a point on the sales.
Paul Donahue: But, Bret, we haven't been through these before our expectations and especially in the Southwest and our guys in the Southwest were obviously overwhelmed with Hurricane Harvey, the guys in the Southeast were -- we think we lost a couple of points in the Southeast with Irma. We do expect we'll see a snapback. Now, how quickly that comes, exactly when that comes, we think it will be in the fourth quarter, but we do expect there will be a little bit of a snapback. We sold a lot of generators, supplies, mops, brooms, buckets, bottled water, et cetera, but we would hope to see some hard parts bouncing back in Q4 as folks recover.
Carol Yancey: And Bret, I don’t think I answered your inventory question for automotive. Primarily, our industrial business has made the improvement in inventory, but I would tell you sequentially from Q2 to Q3, automotive did take some inventory out of the system. So, there is more work to be done there, but we are keeping a mindful eye on the level of inventory and as it relates to these volume incentives.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Another couple of auto margin questions actually. You guys just talked about roughly equal impacts from rebates and spending and deleverage, would you expect all those pressures to kind of continue on a go forward basis or why wouldn’t they continue, number one. Number two, are you guys starting to see a more competitive environment on the pricing front. Historically, this industry hasn’t experienced that, but just given the magnitude of margin swing, which is bigger than what we've seen in the last decade pretty much, just trying to figure out if there's something else that we need to be aware of. Thanks.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. I'll start with this and then I’ll let Paul comment on the pricing side. As it relates specifically to some of the things we’ve called out, factored into our guidance, the $0.15 lowering guidance, we have contemplated some similar numbers as it relates to the volume incentives for the rest of the year as well as some of this SG&A pressure, because I don't think that's going to alleviate too quickly.  Having said that, and Paul mentioned this, we're now moving to some further steps that need to be taken. So, while we had made changes related on having a level of comparable sales, since we're not there, we're going to kind of the next set of changes. So it takes us a couple of quarters to come out, but I think the volume incentives, certainly that would be assumed to recur and that's what factored into our guidance adjustments.
Paul Donahue: Scot, relative to market pricing pressures, I can tell you that, as it has been in recent years, the pricing atmosphere across the automotive aftermarket is pretty stable and pretty famed fortunately. As we look at our primary competitors, there has not been folks out there trying to lead with price. With that said, I will tell you that internally, we are reviewing our pricing approach, our approach to pricing in the market. One of the things that we've -- our team has begun to implement is looking at zone pricing, which is not new for most retailers, but it is new perhaps for NAPA. So that is something that we are in the process of implementing and we believe will have a positive impact on our overall margins.
Scot Ciccarelli: I appreciate that. I guess what I was just trying to think through is, one of the concerns industry, you guys are aware of this, is pricing transparency, given kind of the online competition. I know you guys effectively sell a private label product. Are there any concerns that pricing transparency where you do see stuff, margins maybe 15% to 20% less at an online competitor as opposed to an automotive specialist could wind up creating that price pressure, just broadly for the environment?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Listen, I've Scot, am I -- are we concerned? Sure, we're concerned and it's something that we pay very, very close attention to. I will tell you I had the privilege of sitting through a session last week, we had eight of our largest and best NAPA auto care centers here in the building and so our folks coming in and talking to these folks about online pricing and what they see in the marketplace, sure, they are. Is it driving their decision making in terms of how they're pricing their job? They're not. And so, is it a concern? It is. But, do we believe that the pricing transparency is having a negative impact on our margins? We don't think so at this point.
Carol Yancey: And Scot, one other thing I’d mention that we didn’t really talk about, the product mix in the quarter for automotive, Paul mentioned the categories that performed well, be it tools and equipment, batteries, rotating electrical, those are typically at lower gross margin. The ones that didn't perform as well under car heating and cooling that relates to weather the mild winters or the mild summers, those are more the higher gross margins. So we did have some mix shift in our gross margin for automotive in the quarter. Hard to say what that’s going to be in Q4, but that's not necessarily indicative of online issues.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Just wanted to talk about the difference between DIFM and DIY, can you maybe just provide a little commentary on, because I know obviously a lot of it’s a self help, you’re kind of just low base, but you’re also kind of resetting the stores, so can you maybe talk about the DIY performance of the stores you aren’t resetting and kind of where you think industry trends are in DIY? And then I have a related follow-up.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. So you hit on it exactly, Chris. We certainly think that we are outpacing the rest of the industry and that's largely due to the initiatives that we've spoken to over the last number of quarters on these calls. Our team has improved the look in 350 stores. We have another 150 slated for the balance of the year. The stores that we have reset, we are seeing high single digit increases in our retail business. Those stores, we have not reset, we are seeing mid-single digit to lower single digit increases. But the good news in our DIY business, our ticket count is up, our traffic count, so the number of tickets is up and again, I give credit to our team and the good job that they're doing in the field. We’re getting folks into our stores today that perhaps were not our shoppers in previous years.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. And then kind of like more of an industry question. I would think DIFM is selling a younger car, the DIY, so wondering just like air pockets and lapping troughs are, is there, I guess, what is there a chance, like we’re seeing this first in DIFM, maybe that’s one reason why DIFM is slowing down a little bit harder quicker and then two, is it just something about DIY that’s in general where some of the product sales are less tied to vehicle age, just any thoughts there would be appreciated.
Paul Donahue: Well, I think your point is accurate. Chris. I think that trough that we've seen is absolutely impacting the DIFM. So, going back through the recession, ’08, ’09 and even believe into a little bit of ’10, whereas we would normally be seeing 17 million, 18 million vehicle counts coming into our sweet spot. They're coming in at a much reduced rate. So I absolutely believe that is impacting the DIFM side. And then when you look at, as it relates to DIY, when you have an average vehicle now on the road at 11.7 years, we're seeing and a lot of cars coming in, 13, 14, 15 year old vehicles that to your point they’re ending up coming into our stores and taking the DIY route more so than the DIFM route. So I think your point is valid.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. And so I’m being highly greedy here, but just one critical question. For the Poland [ph] acquisition, was that included in your original estimate or is that going to be left technically now that you’ve pulled with it?
Carol Yancey: You’re talking about the earnings per share number that we gave you for 2018?
Chris Bottiglieri: Yeah.
Carol Yancey: That assumed the Poland acquisition.
Chris Bottiglieri: The Poland acquisition is in that [indiscernible].
Carol Yancey: It was.
Operator: We’ll go next to Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler: A couple of follow-up questions. First on automotive margins. One relates to whether you're seeing any trend between private label, which I think is the bulk of your volume at NAPA relative to brands, so whether that’s having any impact on margin and mix? And then also we’ve heard a lot about vendor incentives in industrial over the years, we’ve heard less about it in auto. If you could just kind of talk to us, is this a new innovation or is it just frankly that delta in your sales versus expectations that's leading us to hear a bit more about it here in 2017?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Matt, I'll take the first part of that. I’ll let Carol touch on vendor incentives. As it relates to private label versus brand and the impact on margin, 90% of what we sell in the US stores, Matt, is NAPA branded products. We do sell OE parts through our acquisition we did a number of years ago through our all term business, but 90% of what we sell is private brand and we haven't seen a significant shift away from private label, from our NAPA brand into the OE brand.  And as it relates to the vendor incentives, I’ll let Carol touch on that.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. Look, I would say in general, it’s a -- you're right, we talk more about it on the industrial side because it is a little bigger component of their margins. It’s not as large of a component on the automotive margins, but having said that, it's something that we factor in to our profitability each year and we do it based on achieving certain volume levels and purchasing levels. And as we again contemplated through the first six months, we expected stronger comparable growth for the second half and as we got into third quarter, our purchases were actually down something like 6%.  So -- and again, we could have made a decision to go out and buy that inventory regardless of needing it to get those volume levels, but we're working hard on keeping that inventory down. So we just felt it was appropriate to adjust our rebate assumptions. Having said that, that's not anything new. It's more of a function of the lower organic sales.  Now, I’d point out on the motion side, look, having a core growth of 3% to 4% on the industrial side and we’ve talked about their incentives over the years, all the improvements they’ve done, and you see what it does with leverage and you’re saying the 20 basis point improvement and that's not all just incentives and volume rebates. That's just the core business.
Matt Fassler: Understood. If I could ask a quick follow-up, actually in the office business. It sounds like that business is somehow on a bit of a shorter leash at this point, are you – is this business still part of your long term plans, at what point do you think you'll decide on that question?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. So Matt, as we've talked before in these calls and one on one meeting, look, we review every one of our businesses and we have four different businesses we go to market auto and industrial and of course office and electrical. And we review them all and we review all of our geographical regions as well and all need to meet the expectations that we have, both on the volume -- top line and bottom line. And in the past, we have -- as I think we've talked, we have moved away from businesses that failed to meet those expectations. All that said Matt, there is no intention at this point to move away from our office products business.  We're in the midst of a multi-year diversification strategy and honestly, the growth that we're seeing in facilities, breakroom and safety, which is now, gosh, it's 35 plus percent of our overall business, we're seeing good -- we're seeing good movement and we're seeing good trends. The challenge that we have, it’s that core -- the core office supply business. And unfortunately, the growth we’re seeing in FPS is not, right now, is not able to make up for the decline we're seeing in the core. But I will tell you, just like all of our businesses that we watch and monitor very closely and we certainly expect our office group to step up just like all of our businesses.  The last thing I would say Matt on office is, there has been a bit of a change in customer dynamics. So, one of the big, well, there is only two. So, one of the big players that went private is making certain procurement decisions, which has had an impact on the wholesalers as well. So yeah, we've got a number of challenges, but our team I believe is addressing them and I still am positive about the outlook going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Seth Basham, Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Sorry to return to the question around auto margins, but just a little bit more clarity. In terms of the 120 basis point decline in EBIT margins, can you give us a little bit more sense of how much of it was gross versus SG&A de-leverage.
Carol Yancey: It was slightly more on the gross margin side than the SG&A side, because again what I mentioned was the rebates for them and then the lower organic growth and then we had some product mix shift. So a little bit more so on gross margin than SG&A.
Seth Basham: Got it. That's helpful. And in terms of the performance of independent versus company-owned stores in the US, was there much difference?
Paul Donahue: No, not really, Seth. Our flat comp that we saw across the business in the quarter was pretty consistent, both with our independence and our company-owned stores as well. So not a big variance there.
Seth Basham: Got it. And then lastly, as it relates to your thought process around store and facility closures, how are you thinking about that if at all differently now in the auto segment based on the sluggishness that you've seen over a number of quarters?
Paul Donahue: So, Seth, let me take that in two parts. From a distribution center standpoint, we've got a vast distribution network, 47 DCs here in the US. We've got, I’m sorry, 57 DCs here in the US, sorry. I’m thinking about one of the other businesses. We've got a number in our other markets as well. So one of the things that we're evaluating is our distribution center infrastructure. We've added a third-party that we're working with to really help us evaluate whether our go to market strategy today is the absolute most efficient for our business. So that's under review.  As it relates to our stores, Seth, there's nothing new there. We are, I mean, through our history, we are constantly opening and closing stores, underperforming stores in markets throughout the US and that hasn't changed any and I don't see that changing going forward, but we close, gosh, we’ll close 100 stores a year and we'll open 100 stores. Actually, this year, we’ll surpass that number. So that’s nothing new for us.
Seth Basham: Got it. If I could sneak one last one in, just regarding service levels. So margins in auto were soft. You said, there wasn't any change in the pricing environment, but is there a change in the service level environment, in other words, are you adding more services, whether it be quicker deliveries, et cetera to try to drive sales in the past just leading to some SG&A pressure.
Paul Donahue: No. There's been no major shift in our service proposition that we provide our customers, Seth. We think that going back to our vast distribution center network with our 6000 stores, we deliver to our stores every night and we'll hotshot to our stores and our independent owners during the course of the day. So we have not -- we certainly have not pared back on any of our services that we provide our customers and we don't see that in the cards going forward either.
Operator: And with no additional questions, I'd like to turn the call back to management for additional comments or closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We like to thank you for your participation in today's call. We appreciate your support and your interest in Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting out at our next quarter Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Donahue – President and Chief Executive Officer Carol Yancey – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher Horvers – JPMorgan Chris Bottiglieri – Wolfe Research Elizabeth Suzuki – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs David Kelly – Jefferies Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead Sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company second quarter 2017 conference call to discuss our earnings results and current outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. We'll begin this morning with comments from our President and CEO, Paul Donahue. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and welcome to our second quarter 2017 conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today, we released our second quarter 2017 results. I will make a few remarks on our overall performance, and then cover the highlights by business. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2017. After that, we'll open up the call to your questions. So to recap our second quarter performance, total sales were up 5% to a record setting $4.1 billion with net income coming in at $190 million and earnings per share increasing 1% to $1.29 compared to $1.28 in the second quarter last year. These results represent the total sales and earnings across our global Automotive, Industrial, Office and Electrical operations, which we will discuss in more detail throughout this call. As a diversified global distributor, we continue to benefit from the balance of serving a broad range of markets. The diversity in our operations combined with an ongoing strategy to drive both organic and acquisitive growth produced a second consecutive quarter of 5% total sales growth. Each of our four distribution businesses produced improved total sales with our strongest performances in the Industrial and Electrical segments. Our teams are committed to generating sustainable sales growth, while also streamlining our cost structure to improve profitability. Thus far in 2017, we have acquired businesses with approximately $180 million in annual revenues and made a minority investment in a market leading industrial distributor in Australia. We anticipate that each of these new businesses will positively contribute to our future results. Turning to organic growth, total comp sales were up 2% in the second quarter and improved result relative to the last several quarters. And we stand at plus 1% for the first six months of 2017. And while improved from the first quarter, the low single digit comp sales growth continues to pressure our net margins. Looking ahead, we are confident that our sales and cost initiatives will drive stronger growth and improve margins over the long term. Turning to our Automotive operations, Automotive remains our largest business segment representing 53% of our total revenues in the second quarter of 2017. For the quarter global Automotive sales were up 3.6% from last year and improved from the 3.4% increase in the first quarter. Comp sales on a global basis were up approximately 1.5%, which has improved from a 0.5% in the first quarter. In our U.S. operations, which continued to represent just over 70% of our Automotive revenues, total sales were up 4% in the second quarter including a 1% increase in comp sales which has improved from the first quarter. Across our customer segment sales to retail DIY customer outperformed our sales to commercial DIFM accounts although both groups improved sequentially. On the commercial side of the U.S. business, sales to our NAPA AutoCare Centers were up 1%, while sales to major accounts and fleet customers remained under pressure and were down low-single digits. Byproduct group batteries, rotating electrical, brakes, chassis, filtration and heavy-duty sales outperformed while categories such as Ride Control, exhaust and heating and cooling remained soft. These sales trends co-relate to the warmer than average winter weather and cooler summer temps in May and June. By geography our Northern divisions outperformed our Southern divisions although both showed positive sales growth. In the Northern division the Mountain, which experienced the harshest winter conditions in the country continued to outperform while the Northeast and the Midwest divisions also had solid results in the second quarter. Our Western division, which experienced warmer than normal summer temps in the quarter outperformed the solid growth as well. On the retail ride of the U.S. business we continue to expand our NAPA Rewards Program, which has now grown to nearly five million members. This loyalty program is available in-store and online and is an important initiative for us in the broader scope of our continued retail growth. We continue to experience higher retail tickets and more frequent visits from our NAPA Rewards members and we’ll continue to enhance this program into 2018. We are also making progress with our retail impact initiative, which includes installing all new interior layouts and in-store graphics, extended store hours and increase training for our store associates. The 275 stores updated for this initiative through June continue to produce very high single-digit retail sales growth. This program continues to exceed our expectations and we have a plans to have more than 500 of these retail impact stores completed by the end of 2017. This is an increase from our previous plan for 450 stores by year-end. The retail-end customer has more choices today than ever before, so it's encouraging to see our initiatives driving growth in our retail segment. Our ongoing acquisitions will also positively contribute to our commercial and retail segments as we move forward. Thus far in 2017 we have acquired three automotive store groups adding 25 new stores to our U.S. network. On June, first we announced the acquisition of Stone Truck Parts a significant regional distributor with four locations distributing heavy-duty truck parts and accessories in North Carolina. Combined we expect these new businesses to further strengthen our Automotive and heavy-duty network and contribute approximately $100 million in annual revenues. Moving on to the trends we are seeing across the U.S. automotive aftermarket, the long-term fundamental drivers for our business remain sound. The size of the vehicle fleet continues to grow, the average age of the fleet is up to a 11.7 years. Lower fuel prices remain favorable for the consumer and miles driven continue to post steady gains. Total miles driven increased 1.2% in April, marking 38 consecutive months of increases in miles driven, and they are up 1.5% year-to-date with steady fuel prices continuing to drive this key metric. The national average price of gasoline was $2.46 in June, which was down slightly from last year. As a result, we expect to see further increases in miles driven and, ultimately, driving additional parts purchases. Overall our U.S. Automotive sales benefited from the combination of acquisitions and positive comp sales growth for the first time since Q1 of 2016. We believe this is an indication that our retail and commercial initiatives are gaining traction. And we plan to build on this momentum in the second half of the year. So now let's turn to our International Automotive businesses in Australasia, Canada and Mexico. These operations account for nearly 30% of our global Automotive revenues and as a group delivered a 4% total sales increase including a 3% comp sales increase in local currency. In Australia and New Zealand, second quarter sales were up low to mid-single digits, driven by low-single digits comp sales growth and the ongoing benefit of acquisitions. The Asia Pac business operated with 29 additional stores in the second quarter of 2017 relative to the same period last year. And that now brings our total store footprint in Australia and New Zealand to 555 locations with further store expansion opportunities in the future. In addition, the underlying fundamentals for the Australasian aftermarket remains solid with a growing car part driven by record car sales, relatively low gas prices and upward trends in miles driven. At NAPA Canada, both total sales and comp sales improved in the mid-single digit range, which is consistent with the first quarter results. Our Canadian team is performing at a high level and they've laid out an effective strategy to expand sales across Canada. In addition the industry is benefiting from a more favorable sales climate driven by an improving overall economy and positive industry fundamentals. These factors bode well for the future of the Canadian automotive aftermarket and we are optimistic for continued outsized growth at NAPA Canada over the second half of the year. And finally, in Mexico, our sales grew by low double digits for the third consecutive quarter as we continue to expand our NAPA Mexico footprint. Today we have 36 total stores with plans to accelerate additional store openings in the quarters ahead. So that wraps up our Automotive overview. We're pleased to report a 4% increase in our U.S. business despite continued industry wide headwinds. Going forward we'll continue to focus on accelerating our comp sales growth while continuing to search for opportunistic bolt-on acquisitions. Our international automotive business continues to post strong results as we expand our comp sales and add new locations across all of our markets. So let's turn to our industrial business. Motion Industries representing 30% of our second quarter total revenues and this group was up 7.3% in the quarter. This has an improved result from the 6.9% increase in the first quarter and includes a 5% comp sales increase up from a 3% comp increase last quarter. We are encouraged by the continued strength in our industrial sales thus far in 2017, which reflects both improving organic growth as well as the benefit of acquisitions. In addition the industry is benefiting from favorable market conditions as broad based industrial indicators such as industrial production and the purchasing managers index as well as rig count and the level of exported goods all continue to trend positively. These factors drive greater customer demand across the diverse markets we serve and we expect to see this continue over the balance of the year. A review of our Motion business by industry sector, product category and top customers supports the broad nature of our second quarter growth as well. Of our Top 12 industries nine sectors showed solid sales gains with the others down just slightly. Among the top performers would be sectors such as iron and steel, lumber and wood, equipment rental and leasing, big improvements in oil and gas and equipment and machinery. Along our primary product categories each generated positive sales growth for the second consecutive quarter and likewise our Top 20 customers outperformed with their second consecutive quarter of high-single digit growth. So from a market product and customer perspective, Industrial’s solid second quarter and six month performance was very broad based. Finally acquisitions also remain an important element of our growth strategy. You may recall back in April we purchased 35% of the Inenco group one of Australasia’s leading industrial distributors of bearings, power transmission, fasteners and seals. And Inenco is currently outperforming our expectation of generating annual revenues of more than $450 million in Australian dollars. Inenco was an attractive long-term investment for us, as it offers us the opportunity to build on our presence in Australasia as well as the potential for synergies with their existing industrial business in North America as well as our Australasian automotive operations. And in the same vein as our Asia Pac acquisition a few years back, we expect to eventually acquire the remaining stake in Inenco, which we believe will add significant value to our overall industrial operations. We remain excited about our investment in Inenco and we congratulate the team for their record sales performance in the month of June. On August 01, we'll further expand our industrial automation footprint with the acquisition of Numatic Engineering. Numatic brings over 60 years of experience in Numatic and electrical automation and will add approximately $20 million in annual revenues. This new business in addition to the Braas acquisition announced last September strengthens our distribution capabilities in the fast growing robotics, motion control and industrial network segment of the industry. We are pleased to welcome the Numatic team to the GPC family of companies. In summary we are encouraged by the first half performance in our Industrial business and remain optimistic for continued growth in the quarters ahead. Turning now to EIS, our electrical distribution segment; we took 5% of the Company's total second quarter revenues. Sales for this group, which were up 11% in the second quarter due primarily to the Empire Wire and Supply acquisition on April 01. Empire further expands the EIS’s wire and cable business and in particular it strengthens our overall capabilities to serve the industrial, robotic and automation markets. This new business performed well in the quarter as did the overall wire and cable segment. EIS’s core electrical business is also producing steady increases and overall we expect to see solid total sales growth at EIS over the balance of the year. So we'll wrap up with a few comments on our Office Products business which was 12% of the Company's second quarter revenue. The Office Products group reported a 5% increase in sales, driven by an 8% sales contribution from acquisitions in their facilities breakroom and safety supplies category. Excluding the acquisitions comp sales were down approximately 3% in the second quarter with the continued decline in demand for traditional Office Supplies pressuring sales across all of our channels. Our facilities and breakroom category however continues to produce strong sales increases across all channels and we expect to see further growth in the quarters ahead. On the product side sales in the traditional office supplies furniture and tech products categories each posted sales decline while the FBS category posted solid sales results. These results are consistent with recent sales trends and highlight the significant of our efforts to expand SPR’s product and services offering in the large and growing facilities and breakroom market. This is a key element of our growth strategy and today FBS sales represent 36% of total sales for the Office segment, which is up from 25% last year. Looking ahead we have plans for the continued expansion of the FBS business as well as key initiatives to grow our overall share of wallet and market share across our other product categories and sales channels. So that recaps our consolidated and business segment sales results and the initiatives underway to generate sustainable sales growth over the long-term. Overall we produced our second consecutive quarter of 5% sales growth driven by the combination of both organic and acquisitive growth and total sales increases in each of our four business segments. We will look to build on these results over the second half of the year. So with that I'll hand it over to Carol who will provide a financial update and our updated outlook for the year. Carol.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul, and we'll begin with a review of our key financial information and then we'll provide more information on our updated outlook for 2017. Total sales in the second quarter set a new record our us of $4.1 billion, up 5% including a 2% increase in comparable revenues. Our gross margin for the quarter was 30.2% compared to 29.9% in the second quarter last year. The 30 basis point improvement is the result of our ongoing initiatives, to enhance gross margins across our businesses as well as higher supplier incentives. In addition, we continue to benefit from those acquisitions with higher gross margin and higher expense models as some of those have not anniversaried in this quarter. We're encouraged by our progress in improving our gross margin, and we look to produce an approximate 30% gross margin over the balance of the year. We saw somewhat of an inflationary pricing environment across our businesses in the second quarter with each of our business segments showing at least slight inflation through the first six months of the year. Our cumulative supplier price changes through June stand at one tenth of 1% for automotive positive, up 1.6% for Industrial, up 0.6% for Office and up 1.6% for Electrical. Turning to our at SG&A our total expenses for the second quarter were $943 million up 9% from last year and at 23% of sales. Rising labor, freight and delivery costs and addition to our ongoing spending for planned technology and digital investments, which are very critical to our long-term growth strategies are driving the increase in our operating expenses. And as mentioned before we've yet to anniversary certain higher gross margin and higher expense acquisitions. Finally we also continue to experience the deleveraging of expenses associated with the slow organic sales growth environment in several of our businesses. To offset these expense headwinds we remain focused on initiatives to streamline our cost structure while achieving a lower cost, highly effective distribution infrastructure for our businesses. As we look ahead to the balance of the year, we expect to recognize some of these savings and improve on our year-over-year expense growth rate. Now, let's discuss the results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the second quarter was $2.2 billion up 4% for the prior year and operating profit at $207 million is up 2% with an operating margin of 9.6%, which is just shy of the 9.7% margin in the second quarter last year. We attribute this slight decline in margin to the deleveraging of expenses associated with our 1.5% comparable sales growth. Our Industrial sales of $1.3 billion in the quarter, were up 7% from the prior year and their operating profit of $96 million is up a solid 9%. And their operating margin improved to 7.7% compared to 7.6% last year as this segment continues to benefit from stronger overall sales growth, favorable product mix shift and the positive impact of cost savings. Our Office Products revenues were $504 million up 5% from last year, operating profit of $30 million is down 8% and their operating margin held steady with the first quarter at 6.0%. The margin for Office remains under pressure, due to the decrease in organic sales and the related deleveraging of expenses. Our teams are addressing these concerns with several pricing and cost initiatives to drive more sales and significant savings in this business in the quarters ahead. The electrical electronic group sales were $205 million in the quarter up 11% from the prior year. Operating profit at $15.5 million is down 3% and the margin for this group is 7.6%. We're encouraged by the overall sales growth again this quarter, although organic sales remained challenged. We continue to be pressured by customer and product mix shift, which are offsetting the positive impact of the cost saving initiatives in this business. So our total operating profit in the second quarter, increased by 3% and our operating margin was 8.5% compared to 8.7% last year. This has slightly improved from the first quarter on a year-over-year basis and our team enters the second half of the year focused on building on our positive momentum and improving the margins across our businesses. We had a net interest expense of $6.9 million in the quarter, which is up $2.2 million from last year due to the increase in debt levels primarily associated with acquisition and certain variable interest rates. With these factors in mind, we’re updating our net interest expense to be in the range of $25 million to $26 million for the year. Total amortization expense of $11.4 million for the second quarter was up from $9.2 million last year due to acquisition. We continue to expect our full year amortization to be approximately $45 million. Depreciation expense was $27.8 million for the quarter up slightly from last year. And for the full year we expect total depreciation to be in the range of $110 million to $120 million. On a combined basis, we would expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $155 million to $165 million. The other line, which primarily reflects our corporate expense was $33.8 million for the quarter up from $26.5 million last year due mainly to higher overall costs in areas such as personnel, legal and professional, our digital initiatives as well as IT. For 2017, we expect corporate expense to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million. Our tax rate for the second quarter was 36.1% compared to 36.2% last year. This slight reduction in the quarterly rate as well as our lower year-to-date tax rate is primarily due to a higher mix of foreign earnings, which are taxed at a lower rates. In addition their recently adopted change in accounting for stock based compensation has also positively impacted our 2017 rates. For the full-year we continue to expect our income tax rate to range from 35.5% to 36.0%. Net income for the quarter of a $190 million and EPS was a $1.29 up 1%. So now let's turn our discussion to the balance sheet, which remains strong and in excellent condition. Accounts receivable of $2.2 billion is up 7% from the prior year and we remain pleased with the quality of our receivables. Our inventory at quarter-end was $3.3 billion, which is consistent with last quarter's investment and up 9% from June of last year. Before acquisitions our inventory is up 6%, which is just slightly greater than the sales. We’ll continue to maintain this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable is $3.3 billion at June 30 and is up 7% from the prior year due to the increased level of purchases, the ongoing benefit of improved payment terms with our suppliers, as well as acquisitions. At June 30 our AP to inventory ratio was 99%, which compares to 96% at December 31. Our working capital of $1.5 billion at June 30 is down from last quarter and year-end but it is up slightly from June of last year. So overall, we continue to maintain a relatively steady level of working capital from quarter-to-quarter. Our total debt of $1.1 billion at June 30, compares to $1.025 billion at March 31 and $775 million in June of last year. Our total debt to capitalization is approximately 25.5% and we remain comfortable with our capital structure at this time. Our average cost of debt is a low 2.49% and we continue to believe that our current structure provides the company with both the flexibility and the financial capacity necessary to take advantage of future growth opportunities. In summary, our balance sheet remains the key strength of the Company. Thus far in 2017, we generated cash from operations of $345 million and we expect to produce stronger cash flows over the balance of the year. We're forecasting cash from operations of approximately $900 million to $950 million with free cash flow which excludes capital expenditure and the dividends to be in the $350 million to $400 million range. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. These include strategic acquisitions, which Paul covered earlier, share repurchases, the reinvestment in our businesses and the dividend. For the first six months of the year, we purchased 1.6 million shares of our stock, which includes 600,000 shares purchased in the second quarter. Today we have 2.6 million shares authorized and available for repurchase while we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. Our investment in capital expenditures was $29 million in the second quarter and $54 million for the six months, which is up slightly from last year. For the year, we're now planning for capital expenditures in the range of $140 million to $150 million. And lastly our 2017 annual dividend of $2.70 per share marks our 61st consecutive year of increased dividend paid to our shareholders. This represents approximately 57% of our prior year earnings and currently reflects an over 3% dividend yield. So this concludes our financial update for the second quarter of 2017. And in summary our overall top line growth is encouraging and we see further opportunities to enhance our gross margins and to streamline the cost structure across our businesses. These areas continue to have our full attention and we look forward to reporting to you on our progress. Now turning to our guidance for 2017 based on our current performance, our growth plans and the market conditions we see for the foreseeable future, we're updating our full year 2017 guidance as follows. We continue to expect total sales to be in the plus 3% to plus 4% range, which is unchanged from our initial guidance. This outlook includes the benefit of our year-to-date acquisitions, as well as the Numatic acquisition promotion that Paul discussed that is effective August 01, but assumes no other future acquisitions. We also continue to expect only a slight headwind from currency translation for the full year. By business, we're maintaining our sales outlook of plus 3% to plus 4% growth for the automotive segment. Plus 2% to plus 3% growth for the Office segment and plus 7% to plus 8% growth for the Electrical segment. In the Industrial segment, we're raising our sales outlook to plus 4% to plus 5% from our previous guidance of plus 3% to plus 4%. On the earnings side, we are revising our full year outlook for earnings per share to $4.70 to $4.75 from our previous guidance of $4.75 to $4.85. We had anticipated being further along with our cost saving initiatives, at this point in the year and with EPS up 1% for the six months, we've updated our EPS outlook to reflect a 4% to 6% improvement in the second half earnings. And a full year increase over 2016 EPS of 2.5% to 3.5%. So we continue to plan for improved profitability over the balance of the year and this will primarily come from the cost savings we mentioned before. These savings reflect the headcount reductions, and the facility rationalization and a broad range of productivity projects that are underway across our businesses. With that said we would close by thanking all of our GPC associates for their continued hard work day in and day out. Our people are our greatest asset, and we’re excited about the future growth prospects and the long-term success of the company. Paul I’ll turn it back over to you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you Carol. We move forward with the goal of building on our six-month performance and remain focused on further strengthening the organic sales in our businesses, as well as maximizing the benefits of our recent acquisitions. We are also committed to executing on our plans to enhance gross margins and remove unproductive costs from our operations. As Carol mentioned, we have several initiatives in process to reduce expenses and improve our overall cost structure and we expect to recognize some of these savings over the balance of the year. Additionally, we believe our continued efforts in each of these areas along with a strong balance sheet, solid cash flows, and effective capital allocation will positively contribute to stronger long-term growth for the company and serve to maximize shareholder value. So with that we'll turn the call back over to Alisia, and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you Sir. [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Christopher Horvers of JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks good morning everybody.
Paul Donahue: Hey good morning Chris.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Christopher Horvers: Why don’t you focus first on the U.S. NAPA division, on the heels of the O'Reilly pre-announcement, a couple of weeks ago, I think that the plus one in the U.S. probably comes off, certainly a bit better and it looks like you've actually closed the gap to O'Reilly in that regard. So can you talk about, they talked about a stronger April and then you know it sounded like May and June being disappointing. Can you talk about the monthly cadence in the U.S. NAPA division.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, we were pretty consistent across the U.S. Chris. We were essentially up for each month, April, May and June. Globally, it was a little shift. Globally, we saw a little bit of a slide in April. But across the U.S., it was consistent across each month. 
Christopher Horvers: And then if you look at the, it was a lot easier comparison. And as you mentioned, it's been a cool summer so far, at least up until very recently. So we've been waiting to get further away from winter. Does the cooler summer sort of push out the rebound off the two consecutive warm winters? And then related to that, as you look forward, the compares do step up again in the fourth quarter. So are we sort of running out at two year? Or do you expect the business to continue to rebound into the end of the year?
Paul Donahue: Well.
Christopher Horvers: In U.S. NAPA?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, let me take the first part of the question. I may ask you to repeat the second part of that, Chris. But look, if you look across our business, what's encouraging for us is that our Northern divisions, so we're talking about the Northeast, the Midwest, the Mountain divisions, are performing well. And I think I called out Mountain last quarter as our top performer. They just happen to have the most normalized winter in that part of the country. Where we're a little bit softer than we are in the Northern divisions is in the Southern divisions. And so Southeast, Southwest, Atlantic are a little bit softer, and there's a gap between the top performers and the others of about 300 basis points. We think that will close as the year progresses. The South has been, I think, impacted a bit by the cooler temps. And certainly, we have had a ton of precipitation down here in the South. So we think that, that gap will close a bit as we move through the course of the year.
Christopher Horvers: And some have mentioned some pressure around the Hispanic customer. In fact, the Target CEO was quoted just this week talking about that. Are you seeing areas, Texas and along the border of Mexico, softer trends in those areas? And is that contributing to the softness in the South?
Paul Donahue: Well, I'd answer that a couple of ways, Chris. As you heard me say, our DIY business was good in the quarter. And if you think about the consumer that you're referencing, I think that would probably show up a bit in our DIY retail numbers. So we're quite pleased with our retail business. As a matter of fact, we had a very good June in our retail business.  That said, I would tell you that our Southwest is down a bit or softer than our Northern Division. Whether I can attribute that to one specific demographic, it's hard to say. There's a lot of different factors at work. 
Christopher Horvers: Okay and just last question, I promise. So as it relates to the cooler summer, are you concerned that, that pushes out the recovery in the U.S. NAPA business?
Paul Donahue: No, you saw our guidance for Automotive, Chris, and we've taken all those factors into account. And we're expecting 3% to 4% overall. And look, I think the good news for all of us, especially in the Midwest, is it's getting hot, and it's getting hot down here in the South. And we'll see business start to turn almost immediate as the temps go up. So we're feeling pretty good about the second half of the year, as I think was illustrated in our guidance. 
Christopher Horvers: Thanks very much Paul.
Paul Donahue: You are welcome, good to talk to you Chris.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Bottiglieri of Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, and thank you for taking the question. A couple. One, I guess I just need to clarify I mean, so the comp gap did decelerate a little bit, I mean, sort of the tier comp stack. And then you're getting a lot of self-help initiatives and a little bit of inflation. So maybe I'll ask the question a little bit differently. What do you think the overall market has been doing? Do you think it is, are you nearing at the peers? Or do you think the market itself is a little bit weaker?
Paul Donahue: Well I think, Chris, I have to mention it's a good question. I think that our business, and I can't speak for our public company peers. We'll hear their numbers here shortly. But I think it's an accurate assessment that the automotive aftermarket has slowed somewhat over the past number of quarters, and there's a lot of reasons that we all talk about. And certainly, back-to-back mild winters has been a big factor. You know that. I think one of you guys have referenced it as an air pocket that stepped down in that 7 to 9 year age group of vehicles.  So that sweet spot has been a little bit of a headwind, I think, for us and in the demand for repairs. And then if you look at some of the tailwinds that we've had in the past, and whether that be miles driven, cheaper gasoline, those tailwinds are still there, but they're lessening than what I think we saw perhaps a year or two ago. So those would be the reasons we'd point to for just a bit of slower growth. But again, we're cautiously optimistic about the second half of the year and as we distance ourselves from these mild winters. 
Chris Bottiglieri: Gotcha and then as you’re seeing really strong performance in the DIY stores that you're doing a lot of self-help out and you're kind of closing the gap to peers. But can you maybe talk about the stores that are just you're chugging along with your kind of normal procedure? How are those stores performing on the DIY side? 
Paul Donahue: Well I’d love to tell you they're performing as well as the stores that we have gone in and gone through our total refurb. But what we've done Chris, is our level of refurbs, if you will, in our stores varies. So it varies from a total overhaul of resetting fixtures to painting the stores to increasing hours to bringing in additional people. That would be on a major overhaul. And to a lesser degree, we're trying to impact all of our stores by increasing our store hours and adding more retail-focused personnel.  I mentioned our strong performance in June in our retail business. And in June, we saw both transaction and basket size go up for the first time in a couple of quarters. We're investing in business development managers in our retail stores, which I think are having a very positive impact on our business. So overall, we're positive about our retail business. And we're positive despite, I think, a bit of a hysteria out there around what the online players are going to do to DIY.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Yeah, that's helpful. And then just one final question on Industrial. Yes, extremely strong organic revenue growth. I wonder if you can give us a sense for why you think the incremental margins came a little bit lighter than maybe than I would have expected. Is it your investments, is that bifurcated between gross margin, SG&A, deleverage, like kind of what you're seeing in that segment and kind of your outlook for your outlook for margins in that segment?
Carol Yancey: Look we did little bit lighter margin improvement in the quarter, but I would look to what we've done for the six months. And you've got a 20 basis point improvement in margin for the six months, sales being up 7%, profits up 10%. That is indicative of their gross margin initiatives, which they have been working on for two plus years. Their core gross profit has been up for a number of quarters. We also had higher supplier incentives, which again is tied to the improved growth and the increase in purchases.  The cost reductions that they made are actually, we’re seeing improvement in their SG&A. But for us to move the needle, it takes some time. And again, showing through six months 20 basis point improvement is a nice job by that team. So we're going to expect that to continue as we move forward. But having said that, the guidance is really more of a factor in the lower comparable sales and the leverage issues that are in the other segments, not Industrial. 
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That's helpful. So it sounds like the margins have held up pretty well in that segment? Is that the takeaway there? 
Carol Yancey: Yes they have.
Chris Bottiglieri: Very great, thank you very much for your time I appreciate it. 
Paul Donahue: Thank you Chris.
Carol Yancey: Thank you Chris.
Operator: We'll go next to Elizabeth Suzuki of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Elizabeth Lane: Hi guys.
Paul Donahue: Hi Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Lane: Good morning, can you just remind us what percentage of the Auto business is DIY versus to do-it-for-me? And I know you mentioned that DIY outperformed the commercial business, but just curious how much of the Auto business is currently being sold to DIY customers.
Paul Donahue: So it’s good question Elizabeth. And it varies by country. But our U.S. NAPA business, our DIFM commercial business, which is our dominant part of our business, is 75 plus percent, which leaves our DIY business at 25% approximately of the overall. It's different in Australasia, where we have a more stronger retail presence. And Canada is very similar. Mexico is very similar as well. 
Elizabeth Lane: Great thanks that is really helpful and within the Auto segment, you mentioned that pricing was up about a 0.10%. And which product categories within that are showing the most strength? And which are under some pressure? And how would you expect pricing overall to trend going forward for the rest of the year? 
Carol Yancey: Well look we are coming off of five years of either deflation or no inflation in Automotive. So the fact that we ticked positive even though it was 10 basis points, we're encouraged to see that. As far as what we're estimating for the full year, it could be 0.5 point. I'm not sure it'll be a full point. But the categories we're probably seeing it in would be commodities. But again, we're not modeling for a significant uptick in that inflation between now and the end of the year. It's pretty modest, but it was encouraging to see a bit of improvement this quarter. 
Elizabeth Lane: Yes, definitely. And just one more quick one on Auto, is that if used vehicle pricing really starts to come under some significant pressure as supply goes up, do you think that, that would impact the auto aftermarket at all? I mean, does it make the consumer any more likely to scrap their older vehicle than fix it up? Or is the average consumer just not even really looking at that?
Paul Donahue: Well, Elizabeth I don't think that's going to be a significant factor for us going forward. I think the – everything I read, some of your peers that follow the dealer segment, it appears the used vehicle market is pretty strong right now. That's always a good thing for us. So we don't expect to see any significant shift going forward.
Elizabeth Lane: Alright great thank you.
Paul Donahue: You are welcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. 
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Paul Donahue: Hi, good morning Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Seth Basham: My questions would fit in the Auto business. If you could maybe fare it out for us a little bit the difference in growth trajectory for the wholesale business versus the company-owned stores on the do-it-for-me inside?
Paul Donahue: I am sorry Seth can you repeat that.
Seth Basham: The wholesale business independents relative to the strength to growth at the company-owned stores, specifically on the do-it-for-me side of the equation, if you can get to that level of granularity.
Paul Donahue: The total sales that we're reporting, we're talking about for the quarter only. Our comps were up 1% overall, and that's all of our business. So that's independents, that's company stores, that's inclusive of all of our stores. And as we saw – as I think I mentioned earlier, our trend throughout the quarter was very steady, and we were basically plus 4% across the way. DIY, I mentioned, was a bit stronger. But both, I think the other important takeaway, Seth, is that both DIFM and DIY improved sequentially quarter-over-quarter. I am not sure I answered your questions, Seth, but…
Seth Basham: Yeah, that’s helpful but I was just wondering if the wholesale business grew any more or less than the company-owned stores business?
Carol Yancey: We would say that we had similar results in both the company-owned stores and the independent stores. And again, pointing to the sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. So it would be similar. 
Seth Basham: Got it helpful. And then secondly, just in terms of what's happening with fleet and major accounts. Any more color on what you think the drivers are of that persistent weakness?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I think look think our major account business, Seth, which is a significant part of our overall DIFM business, I think our business continues to track with our customers' business. I don't believe we're losing market share. Matter of fact, I would contend that perhaps we've gained a bit of market share overall. But I believe our numbers overall reflect their business. The fleet business, again, sequentially improved. And I would tell you also, in our major account business, we saw sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter.  We also saw sequential improvement in our fleet business quarter-over-quarter. The fleet business, Seth, I think that we're going to continue to see that improve. If I look across – I mean, you follow the Motion business and how strong our Industrial business is as a whole. Ultimately, and we've always said this, is that fleet tends to lag a bit behind the market. So we're still confident that we'll continue to see sequential improvement in the fleet business going forward. 
Seth Basham: Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome Seth.
Carol Yancey: Thanks Seth.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Sponheimer of Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer: Hi good morning everyone.
Paul Donahue: Hi Brian.
Carol Yancey: Hi Brian.
Brian Sponheimer: Want to talk about Motion. You've handled the NAPA business very well. I was a little surprised, given the comp store increase, to see margins expand just to 10 bps. So can you talk a little bit about if there are any friction costs there that would lead to maybe a little bit less leverage than you would normally expect? 
Carol Yancey: I can’t say it is any one thing, Brian. I think what – look with that group, they are being very cautious on when they're adding back expenses and the payroll that we took out, and we think about the facilities that we rationalized. And as businesses come back, they've had to weigh that in, in bringing back in some of those costs. Some of the gross margin improvements, and you know 50% of that business is with major accounts, national accounts, there continues to be a significant amount of competitive pricing pressures.  In some of those contracts, you're under pricing agreements, and so you may not be able to pass through. There may be some kind of lag there. So I can't say it's anything in particular. I mean, sometimes, you get subtle changes between the quarters. But still, we like what we're seeing with the 20 basis points through six months.  I mean, one thing to remember, too, is their core growth – I mean, the core growth is a function, it's lower than what the total number is. So you got some acquisition costs that are still weighing in there. The other thing I'll just mention, we've kept their inventory down through the six months. And with that, we're not ramping up the level of incentives as quickly as you might expect. So we're trying to work hard on focusing on the balance sheet as well.
Paul Donahue: Hey Brian, I would just add to Carol's comments. First off, thank you for the question on our Industrial business. It gives us an opportunity to brag a bit on our Motion team. We've been, in past quarters, a little bit cautious to go out and say we think that, that business is now coming back full speed. But what we're seeing and continue to see is very encouraging.  When we look at products like industrial hose and pneumatics that were up double digits in the quarter industrial supplies, hydraulic hose, seals, accessories up high single digits in the quarter, it's very, very encouraging for us. And then you look across the various metrics, whether it be the PMI number in June, which was 57.8 or capacity utilization, industrial production, all with arrows going up. Rigs count, our rigs count was up 500 over a year ago, and it's our highest in two years. So a lot of things to be bullish on and optimistic when you look at our Industrial business.
Brian Sponheimer: And just, Carol, one on AP-to-inventory. Slight slowdown in the three months versus a year ago. If you're looking apples-to- apples kind of on a comp store basis, I guess how much of the deceleration would have been from the acquisitions as opposed to just maybe a little bit larger inventory growth than you're expecting?
Carol Yancey: The issues on the inventory, the comments on the inventory, I would say, and we mentioned that inventory was up 6% without acquisitions versus the 9%, and what you're speaking to is a little bit of change there. I would say certainly, a portion of it is acquisitions and a fair portion of it. And then the other increases are probably more coming from – on the Automotive side. And again, looking at – a lot of it is looking at our inventory analytics and some of our predictive modeling and all that. And so we're working hard to get that inventory down in Automotive, but some of that is coming from just the depth and breadth of inventory that you've got to have in really getting into your supply chain and all the data analytics. But acquisitions, probably half of it, and the other part is just probably coming from the Automotive side. 
Brian Sponheimer: Much appreciate, best of luck.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, thank Brian. 
Carol Yancey: Okay Brian.
Operator: We'll go next to Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot, good morning to you.
Paul Donahue: Good morning Matt.
Matthew Fassler: So a couple of questions. The first is on Automotive, and I guess it's sort of a big-picture backdrop question. As you think about the aging of the fleet and where the surge is and air pockets are, et cetera, what are the ages that you think, critical ages ranges that are most important for the different pieces of your business, most notably thinking about commercial and then thinking about DIY?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so that number, Matt, kind of has shifted through the years, right. We have historically looked at that 6 to 12 year age group as the sweet spot for our DIFM business. And I don't think that has really moved at all. I still think that's the key age group for our DIFM business. As we look at our DIY business, I think that number continues to move out, so anywhere from 12 to 17 and 18. When you look at the average vehicle on the road today at 11.7 years and how well built and constructed cars are today, that number continues to move out, and we're seeing more and more older vehicles, 15-plus-year vehicles, at our stores and shopping in our DIY counter. So I don't think it's changed dramatically but probably a bit more on the DIY side.
Matthew Fassler: And just thinking about your perspective on when VIO trends may have started to weigh on this space because within that 6 to 12 year range, we obviously had this massive depth, and I would imagine that there's maybe a little more volatility, and the impact, maybe more of a bit of a cliff impact. Do you feel like this has been a headwind for a while or are we just seeing it now? Was there a headwind that was perhaps masked by cold weather a couple of years ago? What's your best sense as to when this may have churned and when do you think it might start to rebound in your favor again?
Paul Donahue: Yes, it's a great question, Matt, and I think it was masked. I think that when you go back a couple of years ago, when we were collectively, as an industry, pounding out strong mid to even high single-digit comps kind of quarter after quarter, I think it got masked. We had a couple of really harsh winters that probably drove a higher level of increase than what we attributed to weather. So I don't want to say they snuck up on it, but. certainly, I think last year and this year is having an impact. When we see that trailing off, we'll be really, as we get into back half of 2018 and 2019, we think it will be less of a factor than what it perhaps has been in the last couple of years.
Matthew Fassler: Appreciate it. And then I have very quick follow-ups on the financial front. I'll just ask them together. The first is just directional color on the gross margin assumption embedded in your guidance. It's still roughly flattish year-on-year. And then the second one, I believe that the operating cash flow and free cash flow guidance came down a little bit more than the implied net income guidance. And that's with, I think, a CapEx number that's slightly lower. So did you round it down to the nearest $50 million? Or is there some nuance related to working capital or something else that may have changed for the business? Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so on the cash flow question, we would say that was more of a working capital change. And we gave you a range, so that was kind of our best thinking at this time, and it would be working capital. And then as far as gross margin, I mean, look, we had a nice improvement through the six months. The quarter looks good. We were just under 30% last year, so we would hope to be right around 30%, which may give us a couple basis point improvement. So we should see it be a little bit better than the prior year.
Matthew Fassler: Great. Thank you so much. 
Paul Donahue: Thanks Matt.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
David Kelly: Hey good morning It's David Kelly on for Bret. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a quick follow-up on your DIY e-tail comments earlier and thinking about your out-performance in the category. Are you seeing any change in the DIY pricing environment, either a strategy shift from any of the traditional peers out there or anything notable from e-tailers trying to enter the market?
Paul Donahue: No, it's been relatively the same, David. We're bullish on our retail business only because I think of the initiatives that we've put into play. And the initiatives, so the bar would settle fairly low for us. And when you look at what we focused on, the retail basics, it's store hours. It's having retail-focused personnel on the floor. It's having the right products on the counters.  So, I mean, really just an attention to the retail basics. And as that store count that we've gone through, what we call our Retail Impact initiative, we'll have 500 stores now at the end of the year. We started that a couple of years back. It's been a slow ramp-up, but it's now beginning to be a fairly significant chunk of our overall stores. So those stores are impacting our business. And as I've said, we had a good month of June now with both basket and ticket size going up for the first time in a few quarters. So it's good. But I think largely, it's the initiatives that we've put into play.
David Kelly: Okay, great. Thanks Appreciate the color. And last one, a quick follow-up from me. We've long discussed and weighed in on some price inflation in Autos as well. Do you think that's skewed, just thinking out over the next 2 to 3 years, would that be skewed more towards commercial? Or could we also see some price inflation in DIY as well?
Paul Donahue: Well, I think if we see inflation, David, which we're not opposed to as a distributor, I think you'll see it play out on the DIFM side, but I think you'll also perhaps see a bit on DIY. DIY would most likely be more in the chemicals and oil, which we've seen some increases in. So I honestly think you will, and if, and that's a big if because we have not seen inflation, as Carol pointed out, in a number of years. But if we get a bit more, I think, primarily on the DIFM side, but I think some of that will leak over into the DIY as well
David Kelly: Alright great, thanks again.
Paul Donahue: Yes you’re welcome. Thank you David.
Operator: We'll go next to Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey guys, how are you doing?
Paul Donahue: Hey good.
Scot Ciccarelli: Great. Paul, I wanted to clarify some of your prior comments about the DIY outperforming commercial. Did that apply to the U.S.? Or was that on, just on a global basis?
Paul Donahue: That's U.S., Scot. When we get into specific segments of the business, DIY, DIFM, we are really pulling those numbers from our U.S. business. The comments I was making earlier about our global business is the mix, like the mix in Australia, DIFM to DIY, is significantly different than it is in the U.S. But when we talk specific DIY increase or DIFM increase, we're referencing U.S.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. I just want to clarify because I think those two statements had blended into one another. So with that being said, obviously DIY performs better than commercial in the U.S. I know you talked about softer growth in fleet and major accounts. Obviously, that would act as a drag on the commercial business. But what is it that would impact, in your opinion, the commercial segment more than retail? Like if the drag is things like weather, the car park, et cetera, why wouldn't both segments be impacted about the same?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So I want to just repeat something I just said a few minutes ago to David. When we see an increase on our DIY business, as we did in the quarter, and saw a nice increase in June, I think that is more indicative of the initiatives that we've put into play, Scot, versus the overall DIY segment of the automotive aftermarket. I made that comment in a bit tongue in cheek. The bar was set fairly low for us on the retail side. So when we embark on improving the retail basics in our store, we're bound to get a bit of a lift, and that's what we're now seeing. And part of it is also due to our Retail Impact initiative that we embarked on a couple of years ago to upgrade a number of our stores.
Scot Ciccarelli: I got it. And yes, I've heard that commentary before. So you really think the reason DIY outperformed for you is the things you have done, not necessarily a change in the marketplace? Do you have any feel for a change in the marketplace? Do you think both segments performed about the same? Do you have any feel for that?
Paul Donahue: Absolutely. Hard to say, I'll be anxious to hear the other public companies when they report, Scot. But look, I think that on the DIFM side, again, if I go back to some of the comments I made earlier with consecutive mild winters, the step-down in that or as referenced, that air pocket and our sweet spot of vehicles, that's impacting, that’s certainly is impacting the DIFM side. But again, I think it's transitory, and I think we'll begin to move away from that as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got you. And just a housekeeping item. Was there anything else to note on the corporate expense? Was there a pension adjustment? I didn't hear that mentioned. Or is it just the labor and IT investments that were already highlighted?
Carol Yancey: Yes. there was no pension or non-recurring adjustments. What we would really point to is the investments that we're making, be it in our digital initiatives, which are global across all of our businesses, IT investments, which could be in warehouse management, productivity, inventory modeling to IT security, and then payroll and then legal and professional, which is somewhat related to acquisitions.  So, and look, when you look at it, that's the majority of it. We gave you a little bit higher guidance in that area, but that's, we gave you a range. We hope to do better in there, but you certainly sometimes get non-recurring, onetime items in there but hopefully, we've covered that in our range.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay, thanks guys.
Paul Donahue: Alright Scot. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing or additional remarks.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. We appreciate your interest and support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you after our third quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney Jones - VP, IR Paul Donahue - President & CEO Carol Yancey - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Jerry Sullivan - JPMorgan Securities Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Christopher Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Elizabeth Suzuki - Bank of America Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Bret Jordan - Jefferies Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sidney Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company first quarter 2017 conference call to discuss our earnings results and current outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We'll begin this morning with comments from our President and CEO, Paul Donahue. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and welcome to our 2017 first quarter conference call. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Earlier today we released our first quarter 2017 results. I will make a few remarks on our overall performance, and then cover the highlights by business. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our current outlook for 2017. After that, we'll open the call to your questions. So to recap our first quarter performance, total sales were up 5% to $3.91 billion. Net income was up 1% to $158.9 million and earnings per share increased 3% to $1.08 compared to $1.05 in the first quarter last year. These results represent the total sales and earnings across our global Automotive, Industrial, Office and Electrical operations, which we will discuss in more detail throughout this call. We entered 2017 a stronger, more diversified global distributor, and to that point, our diversification continues to provide complementary benefits as we are not only able to share and implement best practices on the operating side and leverage our infrastructure, but our diversity allows us to better insulate across the board -- across a broad platform. This supports our ability to drive sustained growth and generate strong cash flow even when faced with challenges in certain businesses. A recent example is the solid progress we have made the last few quarters in our industrial distribution business and in our international auto business. This quarter, we drove strong sales growth in these operations while working to overcome the headwinds at our U.S. auto business. As part of our comprehensive strategy, we remain committed to four key growth initiatives including the execution of fundamental initiatives to drive greater share of wallet with our existing customer base; an aggressive and disciplined acquisition strategy focused on both the geographical as well as product line expansion; the building out of our digital capabilities across all four of our businesses; and lastly, the further expansion of our U.S. and international store footprint. Our progress in these areas drove sales increases across all four of our business segments, and our 5% total sales growth was the strongest quarterly sales increase since the fourth quarter in 2014. And while we made progress, we are even more encouraged by the prospects for further improvement in our sales performance for the balance of the year, both organically and with ongoing complementary acquisitions. With that said, thus far in 2017, we have acquired businesses with approximately $140 million in annual revenues that will contribute to our results to the balance of this year. We'll share more on this initiative as we cover each of our segments. So let's begin with our automotive operations which were 51% of our total revenues in the first quarter of 2017. For the quarter, our global automotive sales were up 3.4% from last year and improved from the 2.4% increase in the fourth quarter of 2016. Comparable sales on a global business were up approximately 1.5% or 1% with our international businesses delivering 4% comparable sales growth. Total sales for our U.S. operations which continue to represent over 70% of our total automotive revenues, were up 1% in the first quarter including a 1% decrease in comparable sales. Both the commercial and retail platforms were down slightly, reflecting the headwinds of another mild winter season and overall challenging sales environment that persisted through the first three months of the year. On the commercial side of the U.S. business, sales to our NAPA AutoCare Centers were up 2%, driven by the growth in new members, while sales to major accounts and fleet customers remained under pressure. Sales were most challenged in the heating and cooling and under car categories which correlate to the warmer-than-average winter weather across much of the country during the quarter. This was especially true in January and February with the exception of pockets of more normal winter temperatures in the northern Rockies and Northwest. These regions outperformed the balance of the country. We remain energized by the many opportunities we have to strengthen our retail business. These include leveraging the long-term growth potential for our NAPA Rewards Program, now at 4 million members and growing; continuing the roll out of our retail impact initiative which includes installing all-new interior layouts and in-store graphics; extended store hours; and increased training for our store associates. We are planning for more than 450 of these stores by the end of 2017 and although small in the overall scheme of total sales, the stores updated for this initiative continue to produce low double-digit retail sales growth. Moving on to the trends we are seeing across the U.S. Automotive aftermarket; the fundamental drivers for our business remain sound. The size of the vehicle fleet continues to grow, the average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11.6 years. Lower fuel prices remain favorable for the consumer and miles driven continue to post substantial gains. Miles driven increased 1.9% in February, marking 36 consecutive months of increases in miles driven and is up 2% year-to-date with lower fuel prices continuing to drive this key metric. The national average price of gasoline was $2.48 in March, and although up from last year remains relatively low compared to gas prices in 2010 through 2014. As a result, we expect to see further increases in miles driven and, ultimately, additional parts purchases in 2017. The first quarter was our most difficult compare of the year in the U.S. and we expect to see improving sales trends as we move through the quarters ahead and, in particular, the second half of the year. This was generally our thinking going into 2017, and to this point, we see this playing out accordingly. We remain focused on expanding our business with our key commercial programs, NAPA AutoCare and major accounts, executing on our retail strategy and driving footprint expansion via new store openings and strategic acquisitions. We continue to pursue accretive additions to our business, and to that end, we announced earlier this morning the acquisition of Merle's Automotive, a 15-location Automotive Group based in Tucson, Arizona with approximately annual revenues of $45 million. Merle's is a dominant player in this market and enhances our store footprint and competitiveness in the Arizona marketplace. We are excited to welcome the Merle's team in NAPA and look forward to their positive contributions to our overall growth. Now let's turn to our International Automotive businesses in Australasia, Canada and Mexico. These operations account for nearly 30% of our global Automotive revenues and delivered combined total sales that were up 8% including a 4% comparable sales increase in local currency, consistent with the fourth quarter of 2016. In Australia and New Zealand, first quarter sales grew by high-single digits, driven by solid comparable sales growth and the ongoing benefit of our 2016 acquisitions in this region. The Asia Pac business operated with 56 additional stores in the first quarter of '17 relative to the same period last year and we see opportunities for further expansion in the future. In addition, the underlying fundamentals for the aftermarket remains solid including a growing car part driven by record car sales, relatively low gas prices and upward trends in miles driven. At NAPA Canada, total and comparable sales increased in the mid-single digits range which was slightly stronger than in the fourth quarter of 2016. We believe this reflects a positive impact of a more favorable overall sales environment across Canada relative to 2016 due at least in part to the improving energy sector in Western Canada. In addition, positive industry fundamentals such as a growing vehicle fleet and historically low gas prices bode well for the future of the Canadian aftermarket. All in, our growth prospects at NAPA Canada remain positive over the balance of 2017. And finally, in Mexico, our sales grew by low double digits for the second consecutive quarter. We continue to expand our NAPA Mexico footprint and today have 33 total stores with plans to add additional stores in the quarters ahead. So looking back on the quarter, we are pleased with our International Automotive sales performance and expect continued strong results from these operations over the balance of the year. Now let's turn to our industrial business. Motion Industries represented 31% of our first quarter total revenues and was up 6.9% in the quarter. This has improved from the 4% increase in the fourth quarter of 2016 and is also our strongest quarterly performance since the fourth quarter of 2014. Comparable sales were also much improved, up 3% from last year and also up from the slight increase reported in the fourth quarter. Our strength in industrial sales appear to reflect the positive impact of more favorable market conditions. Broad-based industrial indicators such as the industrial production numbers as well as the purchasing managers index continued to improve during the quarter, and the energy sector made further progress in its recovery. Rig counts are now up nearly two times the count in March of last year which is a real positive for our customers depending on the oil and gas sector. Likewise, the level of exported goods continues to improve, a positive sign for equipment and machinery customers in the OE sector. A review of our Motion business by industry sector, product category and top customers further supports our first quarter growth. We saw an increase in the number of sectors generating positive sales gains with food products, aggregate and cement, iron and steel, and oil and gas, among others, all outperforming. In addition, each of our primary product categories generated positive sales growth in the first quarter and our Top 20 customers improved their collective sales from mid-single-digit growth in the fourth quarter of 2016 to high single-digit growth this quarter. So on a product, customer and market basis, the industrial business had a solid first quarter and we look to build on this sales performance as we move forward in the year. I'd like to take this opportunity to update all of you on a recent investment in the Inenco Group which we announced back on March 30. Inenco, a Sydney, Australia-based industrial distributor was founded in 1954 and today is one of Australasia's leading industrial distributors of bearings, power transmission, fasteners and seals. Inenco currently has 161 locations across Australia and New Zealand, as well as an emerging presence in Asia, specifically Indonesia and in Singapore. For perspective, Inenco is currently generating annual revenues of more than AUD400 million. Effective April 3, we purchased 35% of this company much like we did in 2012 with our original investment in Exego, the automotive business we now refer to as GPC Asia Pacific. And in the same vein as our Asia Pac acquisition, we expect to eventually acquire the remaining stake in Inenco. The Inenco investment was attractive to us on many levels. It offers us significant growth opportunities at our core industrial segment, as well as the potential for significant synergies with our existing industrial business in North America and our Australasian automotive operations. It offers us the opportunity to build on our presence in Australasia while also serving as an entry point to Southeast Asia which has been of interest to us for some time. It allows us to expand outside of North America, enjoying with the leading industrial distributor in the large very fragmented and growing Australasian marketplace. And finally, it allows us to align with an experienced and talented management team led by Kevin Clark and Roger Jowett in a business with a long and successful history, world-class supplier partners and extensive and diverse customer base. But we're excited for the future of the industrial business in Australasia and are confident this investment will serve to benefit our shareholders over the long-term. Now moving on to EIS, our electrical distribution segment; sales for this group were up 5% in the first quarter and much improved from the flat sales results in the fourth quarter of 2016. Additionally, comparable sales at EIS grew 2.5%, our first quarter with positive comparable sales since the fourth quarter of 2014. We are encouraged that the positive momentum in the industrial business is beginning to carry over to the core of electrical business at EIS, which should positively impact sales in the periods ahead. In addition, last October's CPS acquisition continues to perform well and bolstered sales in the wire and cable segment in EIS. Effective April 1, we announced the acquisition of Empire Wire and Supply, which will also complement EIS' wiring cable business. Empire is a provider of custom cable assemblies and a distributor of network, electrical, automation and safety products with three locations in the U.S. and one location in Canada. This business which should add $65 million in annual revenues to our operations further strengthens our overall capabilities to serve the industrial robotic and automation markets. We look forward to growing this business further as part of the EIS team. And finally, a few comments on the Office Products business which is 13% of the company's first quarter revenues. The Office Products Group reported a 9% increase in sales, driven by an 11% sales contribution from acquisitions in the facilities, breakroom and safety supplies category. Excluding acquisitions, comparable sales were down 2% in the first quarter as the continued decline in demand for traditional office supplies continues to pressure sales through our independent retailer customer base. Sales to our national accounts, e-tailers and FBS distribution customers were up in the quarter, and all-in, the 2% comparable sales decrease is improved from the declines we experienced throughout 2016. In particular, we would point to our new FBS business with one of the national accounts as driving the majority of this improvement, and we look for further growth in this channel in the quarters ahead. On the product side, sales in the traditional office supplies, furniture and technology product categories each posted sales decreases while the FBS category posted solid sales growth. The ongoing expansion of our SBS products and services offering is a key element of our growth strategy at SPR, and for the first quarter, FBS sales were 32% of total sales for this segment which is up from 25% from a year ago. We have plans for the continued expansion of our FBS business including strategic acquisitions as we move ahead. Likewise, we also have key initiatives to grow our overall share of wallet and market share across our product categories and sales channels. So that recaps our consolidated and business segments sales results and the initiatives underway to generate sustainable sales growth in both the near and long term. We were pleased to produce a 5% sales increase in the first quarter of 2017 and build on the 3% sales increase for the fourth quarter of 2016. It is also encouraging that our overall growth was driven by sales increases across our four businesses with positive comparable sales across all but one segment. So with that, I'll hand it over to Carol who will provide a financial update and our updated outlook for the year. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul, and we'll begin with a review of our key financial information and then we'll provide our updated outlook for 2017. As Paul mentioned, total sales in the first quarter of $3.9 billion, up 5% included a 1% increase in comparable revenues. Our gross margin for the quarter was 29.6% compared to 29.7% in the first quarter last year with the slight decrease primarily related to lower supplier incentives. We expect these incentives to improve over the balance of the year, and combined with our ongoing initiatives to enhance gross margins, we expect better compares in the quarters ahead. The pricing environment across our businesses remains relatively unchanged from the prior quarter with slight deflation in Automotive segment which is offset by a slight inflation in Industrial, Office and Electrical businesses. Our supplier price changes in the first quarter of 2017 were down 0.2% in Automotive, up 0.3% in Industrial and up 0.4% in Office as well as Electrical. Turning to our SG&A; our total expenses for the first quarter were $912 million, up 6% from last year and 23.3% of sales. While we're not pleased with the 28 basis points increase year-over-year, this has improved from the fourth quarter of 2016 as a percent of sales and we're working hard to drive further cost savings. Primarily, our increase in SG&A relates to the deleveraging of expenses in our U.S. Automotive and Office businesses, as well as rising labor and delivery costs and ongoing spending for planned IT and digital investments. As expected, our costs related to our recent acquisitions were also up year-over-year but we're gradually eliminating these as we integrate these new businesses. Among our cost saving initiatives, we're also monitoring our costs and reducing any unnecessary expenses as we further rationalize our facilities to streamline our cost structure as appropriate. This process serves to reduce the overall distribution cost across all our businesses, and combined with our ongoing investments in technology, we would expect to make further progress towards lower cost and yet increase efficiency in our highly effective distribution infrastructure in the quarters and years ahead. Now moving to our results by segment; our Automotive revenue for the first quarter of $2 billion was up 3% from the prior year. Our operating profit of $152 million is down 1% with the operating margin of 7.6% compared to 8.0% in the first quarter last year, which is primarily due to the deleveraged expenses in our U.S. operations. Our Industrial sales were $1.2 billion in the quarter, a 7% increase from the prior year. Operating profit of $90 million is up a solid 10% and our operating margin improved to 7.3% compared to 7.1% last year. This segment benefited from stronger overall sales growth, favorable product mix shifts and a positive impact of their cost savings. Office Products revenues were $519 million, up 9% from last year. Their operating profit of $31 million was down 9% and operating margin is 6.0%. While this has improved from the fourth quarter, the margin for Office remains under pressure due to the decrease in organic sales as well as increased costs associated with growing -- with serving a growing number of sales channels including the e-tailers. To address these concerns, we've implemented several cost initiatives to drive significant savings in this business in the quarters ahead. The Electrical/Electronic Group sales were $184 million in the quarter, up 5% from 2016. Operating profit of $14 million is down 8%, so the margin for this group is 7.4% compared to 8.4% last year. So we're encouraged by the sales growth in the quarter but we were pressured by customer and product mix shifts which offset the positive impact of the cost-saving initiatives in this business. So our total operating profit in the first quarter increased by 1% and our operating profit margin was 7.3% compared to 7.7% last year. As we mentioned in our last call, we had anticipated a challenging first quarter from a margin perspective and we're very focused on driving cost savings to improve our margins across our businesses over the balance of the year. We had net interest expense of $6.2 million in the quarter, up $1.4 million from last year due to the increase in debt levels and certain variable interest rates. With these factors in mind, we're updating our net interest expense to be in the range of $23 million to $24 million for the full year. Our total amortization expense was $10.8 million for the first quarter, up from $8.8 million last year. And as a result of our recent acquisitions, we're updating our estimate for full year amortization to approximately $45 million. Depreciation expense was $27 million for the quarter, up slightly from last year. For the full year, we continue to expect total depreciation to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million. On a combined basis, we continue to expect depreciation and amortization of approximately $160 million to $170 million. The other line, which primarily reflects our corporate expense, was $26 million for the quarter, up from $24 million last year due mainly to higher costs for personnel and IT security. For 2017, we continue to expect corporate expense to be in the range of $100 million to $110 million which is in line with our previous guidance. Our tax rate for the first quarter was 34.3% compared to 35.9% last year. The reduction in the rate is due to a higher mix of foreign earnings which are taxed at lower rates. The recently adopted change in accounting for stock-based compensation which positively impacted the first quarter rate as well a more favorable nontaxable retirement plan valuation adjustment. For the full year, we're updating our expected income tax rate to a range of 35.5% to 36%. Our net income for the quarter of $160.2 million was up 1% from last year and our EPS of $1.08 was up 3%. So now we'll discuss our balance sheet which remains strong and in excellent condition. Our cash of $178 million at March 31 is down from $27 million from last year but our cash position continues to support our growth initiatives across each of our distribution businesses. Accounts receivable of $2.1 billion is up 5% from the prior year which is in line with our first quarter sales growth of 5%. Our inventory at quarter-end was $3.3 billion, up 7% from March of last year. Before acquisitions, our inventory is up 3% and we'll continue to maintain this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable at $3.2 billion at March 31 is up 9% from the prior year due to the increased level of purchases, the ongoing benefit of improved payment terms as well as acquisitions. At March 31, 2017, our AP inventory ratio was 98% which is up two points from 96% at March 31 a year ago, as well as December 31, 2016. Our working capital of $1.6 billion at March 31 is up slightly from last year. We continue to effectively manage our working capital which is a top priority for the company. Our total debt of $1 billion at March 31 compares to $700 million in debt March of last year, and our total debt to capitalization is approximately 24%. We're comfortable with our capital structure at this time and we continue to believe that our current structure provides the company with the flexibility and financial capacity necessary to take advantage of any growth opportunities that we may choose to pursue. So in summary, our balance sheet remains a key strength of the company. In the first quarter, we generated cash from operations of $102 million and we continue to expect strong cash flows for the full year. For our initial guidance, we are still forecasting cash from operations of approximately $950 million and free cash flow which excludes capital expenditures and the dividend to be approximately $400 million. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. These include strategic acquisitions, which Paul covered earlier, share repurchases, the reinvestment in our businesses and the dividend. We purchased 1 million shares of stock in the first quarter, and today, we have 3.2 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases but we expect to remain active in the program and the period ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and, combined with the dividend, provides the best returns to our shareholders. Our investment in capital expenditures was $25 million in the first quarter, an increase from the $12 million last year. For the year, we are now planning for capital expenditures in the range of $145 million to $160 million. Turning to our dividends; 2017 marks our 61st consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders. Our annual dividend of $2.70 represents a 3% increase from 2016 and is approximately 57% of our 2016 earnings. So that concludes our financial update for the first quarter of 2017. And in summary, while our top line growth is encouraging, there are still many opportunities to both enhance our gross margins and to better manage the expenses in our businesses. These areas have our full attention and we're very focused on driving improved gross margins, greater efficiencies and cost savings as we move through the year, and we look forward to reporting to you on that progress. Now turning to our guidance for 2017; based on our current performance, our growth plans and the market conditions that we see for the foreseeable future, we're updating our full year 2017 guidance as follows; we continue to expect total sales to be in the up 3% to up 4% range which is unchanged from our initial guidance. This outlook includes the benefit of our year-to-date acquisitions including the Merle's acquisitions that is effective May 1 but no other future acquisitions. We also expect a slight headwind from currency translation for the full year. Our comparable sales growth is still projected to be in the range of up 2% to up 3%. By business, we are maintaining our initial sales outlook at up 3% to up 4% for Automotive and Industrial; and up 2% to up 3% for office. In the Electrical segment, we're raising our sales outlook to up 7% to up 8% from our initial guidance of up 1% to up 2% to account for the addition of Empire which was effective April 1, 2017. On the earnings side, we're raising our full year outlook for earnings per share to $4.75 to $4.85, which is an increase from our initial guidance of $4.70 to $4.80 for 2017. Our updated EPS range accounts for the acquisitions we discussed today including the Inenco investment as well as our expectations for a lower tax rate. This represents a 3.5% to 6% increase in EPS for 2016 -- from 2016 while our earnings growth progressively improved over the balance of the year.  And with that, we would just close by saying thank you to all of our GPC Associates for their continued hard work and commitment to the future growth of the company, and I'll now turn it back over to Paul.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. So we are pleased to raise our 2017 earnings outlook and we move forward with the goal of building on our current sales momentum. We are focused on further strengthening the core sales across our businesses as well as maximizing the benefit of our recent acquisitions. We are also committed to executing on our plans to enhance our gross margins and secure cost savings leading to stronger earnings growth.  So in closing, I'd like to add my sincere thanks to our GPC Associates across the globe for a really solid start to 2017. And with that, we'll turn it back to Kayla, and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions. Kayla.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Chris Horvers from JP Morgan.
Jerry Sullivan: This is Jerry Sullivan on for Chris. Question around tax refunds. Were tax refunds a significant impact in, I guess, late January and February. And did you see, I guess, an uptick in sales in March as the refund flow started to come to consumers.
Paul Donahue: No. Jerry, so look, it may have had a small impact but it's really difficult to quantify. And if you look at our business with the majority of our business being driven by the commercial sector, I'm not sure that we would've been impacted like perhaps one of our peer groups is a bit more reliant on the DIY customers.
Jerry Sullivan: So I take it whether was a bigger impact in February and January and then kind of impacted March. Or how should we think about that.
Paul Donahue: No. You would be correct. January, we got off to a slow start in January, and February got a little better and March similar to February. And look, we hate to play the weather card, but the fact is weather had a significant impact. We had a very warm January, a warm February across the country with the exception of our business out West, which was basically cold and wet, and then winter returned in March in the North East. And for a lot of you folks who live in the Northeast, you know we had a foot of snow up there in some markets in Northeast had rolled in, and that cost us business. We had stores that were closed and we had DCs that were closed in the month of March. So look, it's a fact of life. We all deal with it, but it absolutely had an impact on our U.S Automotive business.
Jerry Sullivan: Got it, thank you.
Paul Donahue: You are welcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Two questions, Paul, I guess to follow up on that one. You hate to go to weather but you were already there. I guess given your history experience, when you do see a late winter come with that late kind of storm, understand that it can hurt sales at those actual days or weeks, are you seeing any signs that, that late part of the winter that came in has actually helped some of the spring demand. Or are we still at that trend that we've been sort of running through the first quarter.
Paul Donahue: The trend is similar, Greg. And look, so not that we're into April. Of course, we got the Easter holiday hitting us in the middle part of the month. So it's early yet to really make a call as to what the impact was. Look, if there's anything good, the snow and the cold that returned in March in the Northeast, it probably blew out some winter goods that we have stocked up on and had hoped to sell in both January and February. So if there was any benefit, we probably blew out some of those winter goods in late March.
Greg Melich: And on the comps, remind us are there any -- are the selling days the same in the first quarter this year as the year ago. I know we had a leap year last year and an Easter shift. Was it a true comparison this year.
Paul Donahue: It was, yes, absolutely. The number of days in the quarter were consistent, 2016 to 2017.
Greg Melich: Great, and then Carol, I just want to follow up on the guidance to make sure I got it right. The $0.05 change was basically driven by 2 things, the acquisitions you've done since the guidance in the early part of the year and then the lower tax rate. Was that -- those are the two things that changed that?
Carol Yancey : Well, yes, Greg, we considered all the factors. So the acquisitions, which would be the 35% investment in Inenco as well as Empire and Merle's. And then the lower tax rate. But we also consider, we had slight increases in our interest expense and our amortization expense as well. And then look, just the additional headwinds, if you will, in keeping our core sales consistent throughout the year with Automotive and Industrial, so we consider all those factors in $0.05.
Greg Melich: Okay, and you mentioned a lower tax rate. Is that the accounting change on some of the stock comp. Is that what drove that. And is that something we should model out in perpetuity. Is that just a this year issue?
Carol Yancey: So that is one of the reasons for the lower tax rate. We traditionally have a lower rate in the first quarter, but there were 3 things that drove the lower rate. One was the mix of foreign earnings because they were stronger Q1 because of the stronger sales results. Two was that the impact of the stock option change and then three was we had a favorable nontaxable retirement plan adjustment in Q1. So that was about a third, a third, a third, if you will. We have modeled our stock option change into our lower rate guidance for the rest of the year, and that faced that way. But I can tell you, that's an extremely hard to predict number because it depends what stock options are exercised in the future depending what your market price is. So we've modeled a similar number for the rest of the year as Q1 but that's in our guidance.
Greg Melich: Okay, that is great, thanks.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Next is Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot, good morning. I'll come back to the second question to give everyone a break from it, but I want to start off by asking a question that's relevant, primarily to the Industrial business though it can be -- should remain across the board. So we've heard from a couple of your industrial peers about pricing actions and, in essence, the impact of increased price transparency on their pricing models and in some instances on margin. Can you talk about your pricing approach. And are you seeing a dynamic -- a different dynamic in the market as it relates to pricing in the Industrial business, or do you feel that's more idiosyncratic to some of your peers and the world you see is as it's been.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Matt, I'll give it a shot, and Carol, you jump in here if you have a comment. But certainly, I'm assuming you're referencing a business that released yesterday, Matt. And the fact is that our business is different. And while we're watching what's going on in their world, it's really not impacting us. And if you look at our business and our model, it's certainly more of a contractual business and the business that you're referencing is a very small portion of our overall.
Carol Yancey: And Matt, I would just add that motion, and you can see it in our operating margin, both their gross margin, their core gross profit as well as their G&A were improved in the quarter. So we're not really seeing that impact and we're not really expecting that. I mean I think for Motion, it is unique to the company that was discussed.
Matthew Fassler: So back to Automotive for a moment. Obviously, the weather had an impact on the business in the quarter. If we think back to 2016 which was a sluggish year for the industry, one of the factors that was cited within that was the warm winter that we had last year. And I know that this year was not quite as unique, but by some measure, it was rather similar. How does the winter that we've had which is essentially over -- impact your thinking on the revenue line for Automotive in the rest of 2017.
Paul Donahue: Well we're for the U.S, Matt, and I'm assuming you're referencing in the U.S, we're staying with our guidelines. We expect to see improved sales, as I mentioned in my comments. Certainly, Q1 was our toughest comps that we had that we went up against -- that we'll go up against all year. So we're expecting many of the initiatives that we have in play to kick in. And once we get beyond some of these weather headwinds, we really expect to see improved business the balance of the year on our U.S Automotive business.
Matthew Fassler: And then finally, on Automotive. Sorry, Carol, go ahead.
Carol Yancey: Matt, I just want to reiterate on our core growth for Automotive, our guidance remains at plus 3% to plus 4%. So that's offset by acquisitions and FX. But implied in there is probably plus 2% to plus 3% for U.S and slightly stronger for international.
Matthew Fassler: For U.S.
Carol Yancey: Yes.
Matthew Fassler: I think in the recent quarters as you've given us quarter on the components of the business, you've broken out commercial and DIY in a little more detail. I might have missed that today, but is that color that you can give us on Q1.
Paul Donahue: Well, the DIY and commercial were both down slightly in the quarter, Matt.
Matthew Fassler: Got it, alright, thank you so much guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Thank you for taking my question. Quick question for you. How does the margin structure -- I know company-owned store I presume a higher margin, but how does the operating margin structure of Asia Pac compare to the U.S and I guess firstly for auto and then maybe just for Industrial.
Carol Yancey: Yes, and so our margin structure for both Australian businesses and Automotive and Industrial would be comparable. Asia Pac, when we bought them at very comparable margins, what we've seen there is really nice improvement in their top line growth. So then that kind of drives more of an upsized margin improvement but similar margins. And then the Inenco business would be similar margin to our Motion business as well.
Paul Donahue: What excites us, Chris, on our acquisition of Inenco is the synergies that we believe we can drive both with our Motion business, our Industrial business sharing many of the same key suppliers, global suppliers and some of the best practices potentially adding additional new product lines to our Inenco business but also taking advantage of the infrastructure and footprint that we have on the ground now in Australia and New Zealand to drive improved indirect cost as well. So look, it's early and we're still at just a 35% owner but we see a template very similar to the path we went down with the Revco business four years ago and that's certainly what we intend to replicate.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Got you. And just the indirect, I mean what are you sharing, is it a corporate office space? Is it oversight corporate? Like what are some of the indirect synergies between, I guess, Automotive Australia and Inenco.
Carol Yancey: So it can be anything from freight to ocean cargo to technology to digital. I mean there's just a vast array -- warehouse management systems. There's just a vast array of indirect programs, if you will, that we put in place immediately on all our acquisitions.
Paul Donahue: Chris, we will -- in terms of facilities, we don't intend to share facilities in Australia and New Zealand at this point, but we certainly will take advantage of our global sourcing offices that we have on the ground in China for both -- well, for all of our businesses but certainly for both of our businesses in Australia as well.
Christopher Bottiglieri: That's helpful. And then overall, your Automotive revenue is fairly strongly, a little bit weak in the U.S but margins kind of gave in a little bit. So I was just trying to figure out kind of what drove the margin weakness in Q1 in Automotive.
Carol Yancey: Yes, look, the comparable sales growth for U.S Automotive was down 1. So it's a loss of leverage on the U.S Automotive side that drove that margin. And so what we're expecting is that second half of the year is a bit better.
Christopher Bottiglieri: That makes a lot of sense. Paul, just one housekeeping. Could you just give us the compares for the U.S from last year. I think you gave us 0% in Q4 that might come to fill out '16 just to get a sense of the cadence.
Paul Donahue: Chris, I don't have that number in front of me right now. I would -- well, hold on. So as we went across 2016, our U.S comps -- the first quarter was our strongest. Our comps in the first quarter last year as I mentioned was the strongest, we're up 4%. We were then down 2-plus percent in Q2, down 2% in Q3 and basically flat in Q4.
Christopher Bottiglieri: That's helpful, thank you, thank you so much I will pass the line, thank you.
Operator: Next is Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Good morning. Historically, what impact, if any, has declining make up pricing had on your business. And do you think there's any credence to the idea that used vehicle values declined and scrap rate may actually go up since the value proposition of fixing up a car versus replacing it becomes a little less compelling.
Paul Donahue: Well, let me take a shot at that, Elizabeth. The scrap rate has -- and certainly, the scrap rate is a key metric that we look at to measure the overall Automotive business and the health of our Automotive business, that has remained fairly consistent. And I think I for one, and it would just be one man's opinion, but a drop in used car pricing, I just don't think it's going to have a huge impact. The size of the fleet that we're talking about here in the U.S is massive and it takes really a significant shift to really move the market, and so we don't anticipate any real shift.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay, that's helpful. And looking at DIY versus DIFM, what percentage of your auto business is currently DIY. And how has that trended over the last several years.
Paul Donahue: Yes, so it's remained fairly consistent, Elizabeth. It's been right around 75-25 mark, 75 being DIFM commercial and 25% being DIY. And it remains pretty consistent. We have -- as we mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have a number of initiatives in play right now to continue to drive additional retail business through our stores. We've got 1,000 company-owned stores, 5,000 independent stores. And one of the things that we have taken from our brethren in Australia is they've got a very strong retail business. So one of the initiatives for us is we've been upgrading our stores, extending our store hours and really just improving the overall retail shop-ability of our stores. And as mentioned, we're seeing a nice impact in those stores that we have to our new to that you look. But to size it up, Elizabeth, the industry is growing on the DIFM side and that's where we -- that's where our heritage is, that's where we intend to stay that's where we intend -- we certainly believe the continued growth will come from us on the DIFM side.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay, great. And just a quick one on acquisitions. Looks like in the last -- in just the last month, you've made a couple of smaller and then one larger acquisition in the Industrial and auto and Electrical segments. Is there any -- what are the multiples looking like for the various segments versus -- this year versus last year? And have there been any real shifts where you're starting to see some really compelling opportunities in one particular segment or a couple of segments versus the others?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, our stated objective in terms of our M&A, we -- if you go back to my growth pillars, Elizabeth, I talked about aggressive but disciplined acquisition strategy and we do stay disciplined in our approach. We shoot for between 6 to 8x multiples. But occasionally, for the right strategic acquisition, we may exceed the outer boundaries of that. But historically, and I can tell you that the majority of the times we do stay within our range and that would be our intention going forward as well.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Alright, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. The last few quarters, you guys have given us gap between the performance in your auto business in your southern and northern regions. Can you provide that for this quarter.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So Seth, it's narrowing significantly, and what I would tell you is that a number of our divisions, we've got eight divisions across the country that are all in various geographical regions. Most of them this quarter were pretty tightly bunched together. We had a couple of outliers. And in the outliers, one on the positive side, which posted some pretty good strong single-digit growth was up in the mountain part of the U.S I referenced in my comments that that's the one part of the country that saw a tough winter, a more normal winter.  And so if we ever really want to truly get a handle on does weather impact the business, we see it very clearly in the growth. And look, our teams did a good job up there as well, so it's not all weather. But we saw nice growth on the positive side of the mountain. On the flip side to that, we saw a decline, a greater decline than we saw in our normal -- our regular divisions down in the northeastern part of the country. And again, the Northeast in Q1 had the warmest winter, I think, in 25 years with the exception of that northeastern that blew in, in March. So those would be the two outliers, but the balance were pretty tightly bunched together.
Seth Basham: Got it. So the range you're talking about for most of 2016, the 400 to 500 basis points gap between the North and South is much more narrow than that, would you say, 100, 200 basis points in that type of range.
Paul Donahue: In the 200 basis point range.
Seth Basham: Got it, thanks for that. And then secondly, regarding the fleet business, you talked about some improvement in the oil economy and the benefits to the Industrial segment. But what about in the auto segment. Why aren't we seeing any improvement in the fleet business that is somewhat oil economy-centric?
Paul Donahue: Seth, it's a great question and one that we've discussed internally. We really think there's a bit of a lag effect in terms of the growth we're seeing because if you look at our business in the Southwest, whether it's our Industrial business or in our Automotive business, our Southwest business is bouncing back. And we just think there's a bit of a lag effect that is yet to kick in, but we do believe that's coming and one of the reasons why we feel pretty good about the balance of the year.
Seth Basham: Got it, okay. And last thing, in terms of the cadence really our business through the year. In the second quarter you talked about comparisons easing substantially but it also sounds like you're not planning for much of an improvement in comps here in the second quarter, so it's really back half that you're looking for. What is it about the second quarter besides Easter that gives you a bit of pause?
Paul Donahue: Well, it's still a bit early, Seth. And look, Easter absolutely has an impact and we've seen it in the month. So look, I think that as I mentioned to Chris earlier, the comps get a good bit easier here in Q2 and Q3. And our expectation, Carol walked you through what we still expect in our U.S. comps and that's where we expect to be.
Seth Basham: Alright, very good, thank you guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Good morning guys. On the Merle's deal, and I'm just sort of thinking about that consolidation of the auto distribution in the U.S. and they were I guess a parts plus member and back at the end of the year one of your alliance members. Do you see that is there more of a strategy of owning the retail distribution auto. And do you think this is a result of further consolidation of the buying group members.
Paul Donahue: Well, look, I would tell you this, Bret. We've known Steve and the team out there at Merle's for a number of years, and this happens to be -- Tucson is a market that Merle's dominated in, and we have a few stores but I would tell you they're the strongest player out there and it's a perfect fit for our Phoenix team in our Western Division and just fits very nicely. That's not always the case. When we look at some of these groups and these players that are out there, many times, we have a number of conflicts in those markets and it's difficult to go in and bolt one on just because of the number of conflicts that it would present to us. But I would tell you that we're really excited to have Steve and the Merle's team join NAPA, and we feel really good about the nice fit that that's going to have on our -- with our Phoenix group.
Bret Jordan: Did you talk about what you paid for on a multiple basis?
Paul Donahue: No, we did not.
Bret Jordan: Okay. Ballpark?
Carol Yancey: Ballpark and our ranges that we discussed.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And you talked about the margin and I think you talked about lower supplier incentives. Was that lower supplier incentive on the auto side just because the negative comp you weren't getting as much supplier participation. Or is that supplier incentives in other businesses as well.
Carol Yancey: So actually, it was Automotive, Industrial and office, a little bit more in Automotive and more driven by the lower comps.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you, it was great.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer: Hi everyone, good morning.
Carol Yancey: Hi, Brian.
Brian Sponheimer: Want to talk about Inenco. And can you just discuss the purchasing mechanics for the remainder of the business, and is there an agreed-upon price right now? Or is that something that is up for negotiation down the road.
Carol Yancey: So Brian, it's similar to what we did with Asia Pac is there is a future earnings target that's been set and there's a period of time that we expect that to happen, and again, it would operate -- that remains to be seen when the time period is. But as we saw with Asia Pac, we ended up doing a little bit quicker than what we thought. So it's structured very similar to our previous ones, so an earnings target in a period of time out. So whether it's two years, three years, it remains to be seen.
Paul Donahue: Brian, I would just add that our hope and what we anticipate is that it will be sooner rather than later much like we saw with our acquisition on the Revco business and it's a good business and one that -- again, we've known the family. It was a family-owned business. We've known them for a number of years. There was always a good relationship between the Inenco team and our Motion team. It's one that I -- honestly, we're pretty excited about.
Brian Sponheimer: It seems like a great opportunity. Just within Motion, so you talked a little bit about channel inventory and what you're seeing from your own customers and whether some of this is restocking ahead of optimism about the market or just simply meeting demand with purchases.
Carol Yancey: I think it's more of a meeting demand with purchases. I think and, look, that's why we were kind of we want to give a little bit more time to know that this growth is sustainable. So there's definitely signs there's new business, but I don't think it's as much as you described at the beginning. I think it's just more of the normal sales that's going on right now.
Brian Sponheimer: Alright, terrific, well, good luck.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: And we have time for one more question from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is Mike [ph] for Scott, thanks for taking my question. Maybe talk a little bit about efforts you're making to improve margins in the coming year. And was just wondering if you could provide some context on the cadence of when you expect those improvement to show through, particularly maybe with some more color around the recent pressure in Office Products and Electrical.
Carol Yancey: Okay, sure. So we're probably -- and our guidance kind of implies a plus 3.5% to plus 6% in earnings per share, and we would say that, that's probably more of a second half of the year and, specifically, how are we getting there, what are we doing. So we had said kind of originally kind of a flat margin for those -- for the business in the year, but we're getting some improvement obviously out of the tax line. But what we're doing specifically on the EIS side, they have done significant reductions in facilities as well as headcount and then also working on the gross margin side right now.  So this was a quarter we had a nice core growth of 2.5%. So it takes that to start flowing through later in the year with continued growth core growth. On the office side, they took some steps last year in Q4 and there were some additional steps taken in Q1 which pertain to headcount reductions, changes in freight, some of our pricing, looking at facilities. And so I would say it would be more in the SG&A line and more second half of the year. But in total, I think for those businesses, we're speaking towards -- when you put Automotive, Industrial with office and Electrical, that's where you may -- it's going to but beach other out depending where the growth is.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: I'd like to turn it back to our presenters for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: Well, we'd like to thank you for participating in today's call and we thank you for your support and interest in Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to talking to you in July with our second quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney G. Jones - Genuine Parts Co. Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co. Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.
Analysts: Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research LLC
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sidney G. Jones - Genuine Parts Co.: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter and full year 2016 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2017. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We'll begin today with comments from our President and CEO, Paul Donahue. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Sid, and let me add my welcome to all of you on the call this morning. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us. Earlier today, we released our fourth quarter and year end 2016 results. I'll make a few remarks on our overall performance, and then cover the highlights by business. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our guidance for 2017. After that, we'll open the call to your questions. For some perspective on our performance, total sales in the fourth quarter were up 2.7% to $3.78 billion, while net income was $152.5 million and earnings per share was $1.02 compared to $1.07 in the fourth quarter of 2015. For the year, total sales were $15.34 billion, which is up slightly, with net income at $687 million and earnings per share at $4.59 compared to $4.63 in 2015. These results represent the total sales and earnings across our Automotive, Industrial, Office and Electrical operations, which we'll discuss in more detail throughout this call. We executed on many of our initiatives in 2016, and we believe we entered the new year as a stronger, more diversified global distributor. And while there is no question the U.S. sales environment was challenging throughout the year, our international operations in Canada, Mexico and Australasia, outperformed the stronger, more positive results. In addition, we continue to build on the revenue and cost benefits derived from the growing scale associated with our portfolio of distribution operations, and we remain committed to further optimizing our enhanced buying power for indirect and direct spend. Together with the shared talent, best practices, transportation, technology, systems and common distribution processes, we expect to derive improved efficiencies, productivity and lower overall cost structure, which would ultimately drive profitability and add value to our end customers. During the past year, we utilized our strong balance sheet to further strengthen the company and generate cash flow. Although we cannot control the weather or the ongoing downturn in the energy sector, we remain focused on our long-term growth targets. This included ongoing investment in our core business and targeted complementary acquisitions that contributed to our performance in 2016 and will continue to enhance our results as we move forward. We have a proven track record as a disciplined and successful acquirer, and acquisitions remain an important element of our growth strategy. In 2016, we invested more than $400 million of capital for 19 new businesses, with estimated annual revenues of more than $600 million. Turning now to more details on our performance by six business segments. We'll begin with our Automotive operations, which were 53% of our total revenues in 2016. For the fourth quarter ending December 31, our global Automotive sales were up 2.4%, improved from the 1.5% increase in the third quarter and our strongest quarterly performance of the year. Comparable sales were up approximately 1%, which has improved from the prior two quarters. For the full year, global Automotive sales were up 1.2%. In the U.S., which represents over 70% of our total Automotive revenues, sales were up slightly in the fourth quarter and improved from the low single-digit declines we experienced in the second and third quarters. This includes essentially flat comparable sales, which we believe is the most meaningful metric in measuring our core U.S. Automotive sales performance. This metric covers 100% of our revenue stream, and over time it will replace any reference to just our U.S. company-owned stores, which represent only one-third of our total U.S. Automotive sales and just over one-quarter of global Automotive sales. With that said, as we make this transition, we also want to be consistent in our quarterly reporting for 2016. So for your reference, U.S. company-owned same-store sales increased 0.5%, and for the full year we're slightly positive. Now turning back to our total U.S. result, the slight increase in fourth quarter sales was driven by a stronger December, and equally positive contributions from our commercial and retail platforms. Our commercial growth in the fourth quarter was driven by sales to our NAPA AutoCare Center customers, which grew to 17,200 members in 2016, an increase of nearly 500 members from 2015. This growth area was offset by slight sales declines to our major accounts and fleet customers, which experienced weaker demand patterns throughout most of 2016. We believe our DIY or retail sales growth in the fourth quarter was at least partially due to December's turn in the weather, which drove increased demand for cold weather parts, like batteries, starters, and heating and cooling products. Our nationwide NAPA Rewards program has now grown to more than 3 million members, and we believe we are seeing the benefit of that as well. Lastly, as part of our retail impact initiative, we rolled out 166 updated retail concept stores in 2016, exceeding our goal of 150. As a reminder, this initiative includes things like installing all-new interior layouts and graphics, extending store hours, and increasing training for our store associates. Although small on the overall scheme of total sales today, these updated stores continue to produce low double-digit retail sales growth. This steady uptick in sales gives us confidence in the long-term positive benefits of this initiative and we are on plan to accelerate the project with an additional 300 stores in 2017. Now moving on to the trends we are seeing across the U.S. Automotive aftermarket. The fundamental drivers for our business remain sound. The size of the vehicle fleet continues to grow. The average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11.5 years. Lower fuel prices remained favorable for the consumer, and miles driven continues to post substantial gains. Miles driven increased 4.3% in November, the most recent data available, and is up 3% for the 11 months. November marked 33 consecutive months of increases in miles driven, with lower fuel prices continuing to drive this key metric. The national average price of gasoline was $2.34 in the fourth quarter and just $2.25 for the full year; positive indicators for further increases in miles driven, and ultimately driving additional parts purchases in 2017. So now let's turn to our international Automotive businesses in Australasia, Canada and Mexico. Combined, these operations account for nearly 30% of our global Automotive revenues and, as we mentioned earlier, these operations outperformed with an 8% local currency increase in the fourth quarter and for the year. In Australia and New Zealand, fourth quarter sales improved by low double digit, driven by solid comparable sales growth, as well as the benefit of acquisitions. In total, the Asia-Pac business expanded their footprint with 52 new stores in 2016, and we see opportunities for further expansion in the future. We are also encouraged by the generally favorable economic conditions in this region, as well as solid fundamentals, such as a growing car park driven by record car sales, relatively low gas prices, and upward trends in miles driven. At NAPA Canada, sales held steady with low single-digit sales growth in the fourth quarter. This team performed fairly well, given the tough conditions in 2016, and we anticipate a more favorable overall sales environment in 2017. Similar to the U.S. and Australasia, the total vehicle fleet is growing due to the record new vehicle sales and gas prices remaining at historically low levels. These fundamentals bode well for NAPA Canada's continued growth prospects in 2017. Finally, in Mexico, our sales grew low double digits as well, as we expanded our NAPA Mexico footprint to 33 total stores during 2016. We have plans to add additional stores in the periods ahead and are encouraged by the long-term growth prospects we see for NAPA in Mexico. We were pleased to close the year with improved Automotive sales results in the fourth quarter. While we made progress in the U.S., we intend to build on these results and we are encouraged as we move ahead in 2017. Furthermore, we expect continued strong results in our international Automotive operations, which have performed well for us. For 2017, we remain focused on expanding our business with our key commercial platforms, NAPA AutoCare and major accounts, executing on our retail strategy, and continuing to drive global expansion via new store openings, as well as targeted strategic acquisitions. So now let's turn to our Industrial business, Motion Industries, which represents 30% of our total revenues in 2016. Industrial was up 4% in the fourth quarter, which has significantly improved from the 1% decrease in the third quarter and also our strongest quarterly performance since the fourth quarter of 2014. In addition, comparable sales were up slightly, which has much improved from the decrease in comparable sales in each of the prior six quarters. For the full year, Motion sales are essentially unchanged from 2015. We are encouraged by the early signs of strengthening market conditions for our Industrial business, as evidenced by the year-end uptick in indices, such as the Industrial Production and the PMI numbers. In addition, the energy sector is making progress in its recovery, with the increase in rig counts translating into much improved sales to this sector. Lastly, the level of exported goods continued to improve from the 6% to 8% declines we experienced in 2015 and the first half of 2016, an especially positive sign for our equipment and machinery customers in the OE sector. Each of these trends bodes well for the overall industrial marketplace. Today the question is more of the sustainability, as these indicators have been quite choppy over the last several periods. That said, we entered 2017 encouraged by the prospects for stronger industrial sales. A review of our Motion business by industry segment, product category, and top customers further supports our fourth quarter improvement. We saw an increase in the number of sectors generating positive sales gains, with food processing, aggregate and cement, pulp and paper, and oil and gas, all out performing. It's worth pointing out that oil and gas improved from a double-digit decline in the third quarter to a double-digit increase in the sales in the fourth quarter, so solid improvement for this sector in just one quarter. And we had more of our product categories and top 20 customers generating sales increases in the fourth quarter, so positive trends across the business, which we expect to build upon in the quarters ahead, both organically and via strategic acquisitions. Moving on now to EIS, our electrical distribution segment. Sales for this group were basically flat in the fourth quarter and much improved relative to our results in the first three quarters of 2016. Total EIS sales were down 5% for the year and were 4% of the company's total revenue. The market served by EIS closely follow those at Motion, so our fourth quarter included a sequential improvement in comparable sales, as well as the accretive benefit of the CPS acquisition in October. Looking ahead, we remain focused on our initiatives to drive meaningful sales growth at EIS over the long-term. And finally, a few comments on the Office Products business, which represents 13% of the company's 2016 revenues. The Office group reported a 4% increase in sales for the fourth quarter, driven by a 12% sales contribution from acquisitions in the facilities, breakroom, and safety supply category. Total sales for the year were up 2%. Excluding acquisitions, comparable sales were down in the fourth quarter due to the decline in sales through our independent reseller and mega account customers. Sales to these customers were partially offset by the increase in sales to e-tailers, as well as our growing FBS distribution channel. On the product side, sales in the traditional office supplies, furniture and tech products, each posted sales decreases. Offsetting these declines was a substantial growth in our FBS category sales, which we have expanded to diversify our overall products and service offering. FBS sales were 31% of our total office sales in the fourth quarter of 2016 versus just 20% in 2015. As we move ahead to 2017, we remain focused on the continued expansion of our FBS business, including strategic acquisitions, as well as key initiatives to grow our overall share of wallet and market share across our product categories and sales channels. So that recaps our consolidated and business segment sales results. And in summary, we're pleased that the fourth quarter was our strongest quarterly sales performance of the year, with improved comparable sales trends in the Automotive, Industrial and Electrical businesses, relative to the second and third quarters of 2016. Generally, we believe that we operated in more favorable market conditions as the fourth quarter progressed and our teams were in position to capitalize and post improved results. In 2016, we executed on several of our initiatives to overcome the challenging sales environment and position the company for sustainable long-term growth. A few of the highlights include, strong growth in our international Automotive operations, 19 strategic acquisitions that enhanced our product and services offering, effective asset management that further strengthen our balance sheet, key capital expenditures and IT investments, including digital, to support future growth and distribution efficiencies, and finally, return of capital to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchases. So with that, I'll hand it over to Carol, who will provide a financial update and our outlook for 2017. Carol?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Paul. We'll begin with a financial review of our fourth quarter income statement and the segment information. And then we'll review a few key balance sheet and other financial items, and finally I'll provide our outlook for 2017. As Paul mentioned, total sales in the fourth quarter of $3.78 billion were up 2.7%, including a 1% decrease in comparable revenues. For the full year, total revenues of $15.34 billion were up slightly and also include a 1% decrease in comparable sales. Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 29.9%, up 17 basis points from the fourth quarter in 2015. For the year, gross margin is 30%, up 16 basis points from 2015. This improvement was primarily driven by the combination of product mix shifts to higher margin categories and also the benefit of our higher margin acquisitions, which is partially offset by lower supplier incentives. Overall, we were encouraged by our gross margin expansion in 2016 and, as we look ahead to 2017, we remain focused on further enhancing our gross margin for the long-term. The pricing environment across our businesses remains relatively unchanged from the prior quarter, with deflation in the Automotive and Electrical segments, and just slight inflation in Industrial and Office. Our supplier price changes in 2016 were negative 0.7% in Automotive, positive 0.4% in Industrial, positive 0.3% in Office, and negative 1.2% in Electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses for the fourth quarter were $895 million, up 7% from last year and 23.7% of sales. For the year, total expenses of $3.5 billion were up 3% from 2015 and 23% of sales. The increase in operating expenses as a percent of sales primarily relates to the deleveraging of expenses across our businesses for most of the year. We also increased our spending for planned IT investments and experienced cost increases in areas such as insurance, legal and professional. Lastly, we had increased cost in 2016 related to those 19 acquisitions, which we would expect to eliminate as we further integrate these businesses into our existing operations. As we mentioned earlier, several of these acquisitions also operate with higher gross margin and higher operating cost model, so this impacts our SG&A comparison as well. To offset these increases, we've implemented enhanced cost control measures and we're focused on assessing the optimal cost structure for our businesses. As we mentioned in our last call, our businesses are rationalizing their facilities to streamline their cost structure, where appropriate, which serves to reduce our distribution costs, as well as our head count and payroll related costs, which are significant expenses for us. In 2016, we consolidated or closed several DCs and branches, and we expect to see these savings in our future results. We also see more opportunities for further consolidation ahead. Our investments in technology, which we noted earlier were stepped up in 2016, are allowing us to do more and more of this type of rationalization, while also maintaining our excellent customer service standard. So you can look for us to continue making progress towards a lower cost and highly effective distribution infrastructure across our businesses in 2017 and beyond. And looking at our results by segment, our Automotive revenue for the fourth quarter was $2 billion, up 2% from the prior year. Our operating profit of $160 million is down 5%, with the operating margin for this group at 8% compared to 8.7% in the fourth quarter last year. And this is primarily due to the deleveraged expenses due to our U.S. sales results. Our Industrial sales were $1.2 billion in the quarter, a 4% increase from 2015. Operating profit of $81 million is up a strong 12%, and their operating margin has improved to 7.0% compared to 6.5% last year. This segment benefited from a favorable product mix shift, as well as progress with their ongoing cost reductions and facility rationalization. Our Office Products revenues were $476 million, up 4%, including the benefit of acquisitions, which contributed nearly 12% to sales. Operating profit of $20 million is down 40% and their operating margin is 4.2% due to a variety of factors, including the decrease in organic sales, as well as rising costs associated with serving a growing number of sales channels, including e-tailers. The Office team is working hard to drive significant cost savings in this business, which we realize needs to happen soon. The Electrical/Electronic group sales were $177 million in the quarter, which is flat from the prior year. Our operating profit of $15 million is down 4% and the margin for this group is a solid 8.7% compared to 9.1% last year. This team has also been working fast to reduce their facilities and related costs, and we believe these savings will begin to flow through their results in 2017, so we're encouraged by that. So our total operating profit for the fourth quarter was 7.3% compared to 7.9% last year, and for the full year is 8% compared to 8.4% in 2015. Not the margin expansion we look to achieve each year, but we recognize the need for improvement and we're focused on driving cost savings and improved margins across our businesses in the future. We had net interest expense of $4.8 million in the quarter and $19.5 million for the full year. We currently expect net interest expense to increase slightly in 2017 in the range of $21 million to $22 million. Our total amortization expense of $12.5 million for the fourth quarter was $41 million for the full year. We estimate total amortization expense of approximately $43 million in 2017. Our depreciation expense of $27 million for the quarter was $107 million for the full year. For 2017, we expect total depreciation to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million. So our total depreciation and amortization combined would be approximately $160 million to $170 million for 2017. The other line, which primarily reflects our corporate expense, was $23 million for the quarter and $95 million for the full year. In 2017, we expect corporate expense to increase slightly to the $100 million to $110 million range. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 35.5% compared to 38.4% last year. For the full year, our tax rate was 36% compared to 37.2% in 2015. The reduction in the rate for the quarter as well the year is due to a higher mix of foreign earnings, which are taxed at lower rates, and also more favorable non-taxable retirement plan valuation adjustment. In 2017, we expect our income tax rate to be in the range of 36.0% to 36.5%. Net income for the quarter of $152.5 million and EPS was $1.02 for the quarter, and for the full year our net income was $687 million and earnings per share of $4.59. Now I'll turn and discuss the balance sheet, which we further strengthened in the fourth quarter with effective working capital management and strong cash flows. Our cash at December 31 was $243 million, a $31 million increase from 2015, even as we increased our spending for capital expenditures and acquisitions. Our cash position remains strong and it continues to support our growth initiatives across each of our distribution businesses. Accounts receivable of $1.9 billion at December 31 is up 6% from the prior year, and this reflects our stronger sales in the month of December. Our inventory at the end of the quarter was $3.2 billion, which is up 7% from the prior year, primarily due to acquisitions. Our teams effectively managed our inventory levels, and we'll continue to maintain this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable at December 31 was $3.1 billion, up 9% from 2015, due to the ongoing benefit of improved payment terms and acquisitions, as well as other payables initiatives. At December 31 of 2016, our AP to inventory ratio was 96% compared to 94% at December 31 of 2015. Our working capital of $1.7 billion at December 31 was a slight increase from the $1.6 billion in the prior year. Effectively managing our working capital remains a high priority for the company and we expect to show continued improvement in the quarters ahead. Total debt of $875 million at December 31 compares to $625 million in total debt in 2015. The increase is primarily related to the 19 acquisitions we made during 2016. Our total debt to capitalization is approximately 21%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We continue to believe that our current structure provides the company with both the flexibility and the financial capacity necessary to take advantage of the growth opportunities that we may choose to pursue in the future. So in summary, our balance sheet is in excellent condition and remains a key strength of the company. We generated strong cash flows in 2016, with cash from operations at $946 million and free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends, at $399 million. In 2017, we're planning for another strong year of cash flow and we would expect cash from operations to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range, and our free cash flow would be approximately $400 million. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. These includes strategic acquisitions, which Paul covered earlier, share repurchases, the reinvestment in our businesses, as well as the dividend. We purchased 420,000 shares of stock in the fourth quarter and 2 million shares for the full year. We've also purchased another 60,000 shares thus far in 2017, and today we have 4.2 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead, as we believe our stock still represents an attractive investment and, combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. Capital expenditures were $74 million in the fourth quarter and $161 million for the full year. For 2017, we're planning for capital expenditures in the range of $145 million to $165 million. Turning to the dividend, yesterday our board of directors approved a $2.70 per share annual dividend for 2017, which marks our 61st consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders. This is a 3% increase from the $2.63 per share paid in 2016, and it's approximately 57% of our 2016 earnings. So this concludes our financial update for the fourth quarter and the full year, and in summary, we operated an overall challenging sales environment throughout most of the year. But our teams worked hard to overcome these challenges and we were in a position to take advantage of the improving marketing conditions in the fourth quarter. Moving forward, in 2017, we're focused on driving greater efficiencies and cost savings, and this is a critical objective for us across our businesses and we look forward to reporting to you on our progress. Now turning to our guidance for 2017. Based on our current performance and our growth plans for 2017, as well as the market conditions we see for the foreseeable future, we are establishing our full year 2017 guidance as follows. Total sales would be in the plus 3% to plus 4% range, including the carryover benefit of our 2016 acquisitions, but no future acquisitions, and net of a slight headwind from currency translation. Comparable sales growth is projected to be plus 2% to plus 3%. By business, we would expect Automotive and Industrial to be up 3% to up 4% in total sales growth, Office to be up 2% to up 3% sales growth, and Electrical to be up 1% to up 2% sales growth. On the earnings side, we would expect our earnings per share to be in the range of $4.70 to $4.80 for 2017, which represents a low to mid-single-digit increase from the prior year. We would also add that this full year earnings growth will likely be weighted towards the third and fourth quarters of 2017. So with that, we would just close by thanking all of our GPC associates for their continued hard work and commitment to the future growth of the company. And at this time, I'll turn it back over to Paul.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Carol. As we enter 2017, we remain committed to our global growth initiatives, which include the execution of fundamental initiatives to drive greater share of wallet with our existing customer base, an aggressive and disciplined acquisition strategy focused on both geographical as well as product line expansions, the building out of our digital capabilities across all four of our businesses, and the further expansion of our U.S. and international store footprint. We remain confident that our ongoing focus in these four key areas, along with our initiatives to drive significant cost savings, will positively impact our future results and produce the steady and consistent growth we look to achieve each year. So with that, we'll turn it back to Dana, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Good morning.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Hey. Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So why don't you – a couple of questions. So you mentioned the cadence of sales are weighted to the back half. Thinking about NAPA and Motion in particular, do you think they build up relatively evenly from the fourth quarter of this year into the back half or do you expect some bumps along the road and specifically around NAPA? I mean, obviously, you talked about a good December. Weather hasn't been as great here in the first quarter, and then you've got the tax refunds that others have talked about. So trying to get some understanding on how to think about those two divisions.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah, so two things, Chris. One is our comments about the back half of the year were more specific to the earnings. So we were more commenting on the plus 2% to plus 5% in earnings, we would expect to see more of that in the back half of the year. Then the second thing is, you spoke to (32:34) sales, Q1 last year was our strongest quarter. So as you think about that, I would just take that into account, but then knowing that quarters two, three, and four were more similar. And then you specifically called out Industrial, and I would just mention with the Industrial, again, we saw great improvement in their sales in the fourth quarter. So the guidance that we gave you for them, those sales increases would be pretty even across the quarters in 2017, unless we see something outside of our control in the economy that we're not anticipating.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: And, Chris, just staying on Industrial for a minute. If you look at all the macro numbers, as we look at them, whether it be the ISM number, rig counts, we're seeing significant improvement. We've been through these cycles in the downturns in Industrial before. And it does feel – and we see it in both Motion and our Electrical business, that these two businesses are now poised for much better growth in 2017.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. And just to clarify that, that 1Q strongest quarter, that was a reference to NAPA, correct?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yes.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So a segue to Motion. So as you've consolidated facilities, you've invested in technology, how should we think about the long-term margin potential of the business? After the crisis, you got back to an 8.1% operating margin. Before the crisis, the prior peak, I believe, was 8.4%. So how do you think about what's the potential earnings power sort of in a peak state, and then the time to get back to that?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah. So a couple of things there is, you're right, they've closed over 50 branches and a couple of distribution centers. They've done a terrific job on the cost side. And as we have mentioned before, they had an impact of lower volume incentives as it related to this business. So as this business picks up, you do see the margins coming back and we've seen some nice improvement in their core gross profit, and then they've got some acquisitions coming in. So I would just mention, we always have a stated goal of improvement each year in operating margins. As far as the bounce back and the range, I mean, for all of our businesses, we still target the 8.5% to 9% for operating margin. I wouldn't necessarily expect that within 12 months, but I think you're going to see a nice bounce from them.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I guess asked another way, between the acquisitions and the costs that you've taken out of the business, did you create a structural potential that's higher than you've seen in prior peaks?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: I wouldn't say higher than what we've seen in prior peaks. I mean, remember, they're just at 7.3% right now. So, I mean, we've got a ways to go. But 8.5% would be a really nice margin for them.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, very nice. Understood. Thanks very much.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Thanks, Chris.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I'd like to get a little more. I know you've probably covered this in kind of a fragmented way as to why you'd expect the earnings to be second half weighted more so than the sales, if sales are fairly even. Just talk about what it is moving the margins around that will work more to your benefit in the second half of the year?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Well, really, if you look at from the cost structure, I mean, we've said it takes a bit of time for us to get those costs out, and look, we're not happy with where we ended up the year in fourth quarter. We've got more work to do in SG&A. I mean, when we look at what we've done in terms of facility rationalization, when we look at our head count, when we look at our cost structure, freight, legal and professional, insurance, I mean, there is wage pressures. So we've just got to work hard at continuing to get those costs out, and that's not a quick thing that happens in just a quarter. So that's why we're giving a little bit of the earnings to say it will probably be more back half loaded.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then the second question, obviously, tuck-in acquisitions and some bigger ones have been a pretty consistent part of the story over the past several years. Can you just clarify, other than the dividend, what kind of free cash flow deployment you have baked into the guide?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: So, our – what we have assumed in our cash flow guidance that we gave was very similar to what we had this year. So we would have an amount set aside, if you will, for of course the dividend, the CapEx number we gave you, share repurchases of a similar amount, and then for acquisition. So you can count on the 1% to 2%-ish on acquisitions in terms of revenue, so that's modeled into our cash flow guidance.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Matt, we were very active in 2016 with 19 acquisitions and $600 million in annualized revenue, quite a bit more active than we were in prior years. It's difficult to say, this is generally a long process, when we look at businesses and partnering with businesses. So you just – it's hard to gauge, because you just never know when they're going to come along, when the right one is going to come along. But I will tell you that we will remain active, not only across all four of our businesses, but across all of our geographical regions as well.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just to be clear, does that $4.70 to $4.80 include any buyback or any acquisition that is new buyback or new acquisition in 2017?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: No, it would just be the normal ranges that we've discussed. So we have not – the acquisitions that have already taken place in our numbers in 2016, and then roll into 2017 is what's contemplated in our guidance. But in the earnings guidance, it would just be a normal buyback. So that's usually around 1%, 1.5% of our shares.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you so much, guys.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Matt.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Thanks. I – two questions. First, I'd start with the business and particularly the inflation/deflation trends and, Carol, you give us a nice update for last year on each of the businesses. What are you thinking – or seeing this year when you plan your guidance for inflation or deflation by business?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Well, so we just finished our fifth year of deflation on the automotive business. And I can't say we're planning for anything much different than that. In the other businesses, this was definitely much lighter than normal year. So we're not really planning for much. But, look, there are so many unknowns out there in the economy right now and certainly with new legislation, some of the trade and tax issues that are being thrown about, we don't know what will come. But right now we're contemplating a similar number in 2017 for inflation, which would not be much.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Okay, great. And then second one is a little more big picture. If you just take your guidance this year, that sort of low to mid-single-digit EPS growth, I think now it's a couple of years where you've been at slower growth than the normal objective, which is high single digits. And I guess the question is, has something changed in the business or what – do you think this is cyclical or secular or how should we think about that?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Well, I think in the – one of the things that we've assumed for this year is core growth of 2% to 3%. So, as you know, in distribution business, core growth of 2% to 3% makes it very difficult for us to leverage or to have margin improvement. So that's why we're giving kind of an earnings number of plus 2% to plus 5%. But certainly know that we're not happy there and we've got a lot of work we're doing. So I don't think it's anything more than just probably a lower level of sales growth, but we would still expect – and again, our long-term objectives are still to have a much higher core growth, and more like a 4% to 6% going forward.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Got it. So if the top-line was mid-single-digit, you'd still see the earnings at the high single-digit?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yes.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Right.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yes, we would.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah, we haven't – Greg, we haven't come off our long-term objectives on the number side. But based on what we see today, we believe that the guidance that we provided is achievable, but I can also tell you that our team is focused on not only reaching that guidance, but absolutely exceeding it this year.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Great. Good luck. Thanks.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Greg.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: We'll go next to Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Hey, Bret.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Good morning.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: A question on the fourth quarter. I guess, if we look regionally, I mean, obviously, some of those northern markets that were soft got better. But could you talk maybe sort of southern, western and northern markets and maybe what the dispersion of results was, like what the spread between the strongest and the weakest markets were? And then maybe a little bit on product category strength, anything that was a particular outlier.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah. Let me – I'll take the regional question first, Bret. First and foremost, I'm very pleased to tell you that every one of our regions we saw improved sales results in the fourth quarter and we also saw that gap narrow from what we had seen in Q3, and even a little bit into Q2 we saw that gap narrow by about 100 basis points. So we're still – our strong regions are still in the South, but I can tell you we see improved results in the Midwest and we saw improved results in the Central part of the country as well. So that December blast of cold definitely helped. This January warm temps are not helping us a whole lot, but that is what it is. Your second question, Bret, regarding product performance, our best performing categories, and probably not surprising, in Q4 were anything related to engine and electrical systems, so battery, starters, alternators, all performed well in Q4, filtration performed well. Some of the – where we saw a little bit of downturn within some of our T&E, tool and equipment, especially on some of the large equipment and some of our paint categories were off just a bit.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Anything – I mean, I guess, as you think about the larger tool category, is that sort of a real shift in the consumer side there or any thoughts about that?
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: No, I don't think so. Bret, I think it's timing. We have a robust tool and equipment business, and I think it's more one of timing. I don't think there is anything that changed dramatically in Q4 that would have impacted those sales. I think we'll see that rebound in Q1 going forward.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then one question on your 2017 outlook for Auto growth of 3% to 4%, how does that stack up U.S. versus international?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: We would be stronger on the international side than the U.S. That assumes core growth of 3% to 4% as well. We've got a little bit of a currency headwind built-in and a little bit of acquisitions. But I think you're going to see similar, with a little stronger growth internationally, similar to what we had this year, little stronger internationally than the U.S. side.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah, I would just reinforce Carol's comments, Bret. We continue to be very bullish on our international operations, and that's really all of them, Australia, New Zealand. We think we have expansion potential in those markets. Mexico, we will continue to expand our footprint there. In Canada, despite a challenging environment out West, our team up there had a good year. Where we need to turn it up is here in the U.S. and absolutely our team is focused on getting that done this year.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. And then one last question. On Motion, you called out oil and gas as having double-digit improvement in the fourth quarter. Are we seeing some structural change you think in that space or just the bar got low enough that we had a good quarter? Are we calling a turn in oil and gas?
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: I'm sorry?
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Are we calling a turn in the oil and gas?
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Well, I'm not sure I'm ready to go there. All I know is, where we were a year ago in the depth, Bret, where – we're double the price of a barrel of oil today than we were a year ago. Rigs are coming back online and we're seeing a lift in that Southwest – we do a big business down in the Southwest and we're seeing a nice lift across that part of the country really in all of our businesses.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: All right. Thank you, Bret.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just one – first clerical one and a clarification. Do you have any currency movements and M&A activity for the non-Office segments? I don't think you gave it out this quarter. And then two, just wanted to confirm what your definition of a comp is for your non-Automotive. Are you measuring it by branch, like maybe just talk high level what your comp number means for your business?
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Well, I'll take comp first, and then let Carol address your first question. So as we're identifying and defining comps, Chris, we're excluding new stores, new branches, or new stores, branches closed over the past 12 months, and we're also excluding acquisitions.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: And you specifically asked about FX in the quarter for the non-Automotive?
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Well, I mean, like I say, if you have – I think in the past you've given out the FX impacts and you've given out...
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah, there...
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: ...the M&A impacts for each segment.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah, there was virtually no FX impact in the quarter. It was just negligible. And the acquisition impact in the quarter, it was around 2% for Automotive, and it was around 4% for Industrial, and it was around 11% for Office, and then Electrical was 1%, so in total we were about 4%.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, very helpful. And then just quick high-level question. Given the improving – I mean, you were extremely acquisitive in 2016, which was nice to see. How do you think about the backlog right now that industrial sentiment's improving and probably just global sentiment around the markets right now, are you having a harder time kind of building the acquisition pipeline? Have you seen any changes in your conversations, anything to think that your pace of M&A might slow near term? Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Yeah. It's a great question, Chris. I will tell you that we have a robust acquisition pipeline in really across all four of our businesses and, as I think I've mentioned earlier, in all of our geographical regions. I think what we're seeing is that in some parts of our business, when we do an acquisition, and I'd point out one that we did in Industrial with the acquisition of Braas in Q3 of last year, what that brings us is additional players in that space. When they see that GPC is, one, that we're acquisitive, and two, that we're a good partner, we have more and more some of these folks coming to us as opposed to us tracking them down. So we feel good about our prospects for 2017. I mentioned earlier, we did 19 acquisitions last year. I don't know that we'll be at that level of activity, but we certainly expect to be active again in 2017.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Thanks for your time.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: You're welcome. Thank you.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research LLC: Hi, everyone. Thanks for fitting me in here.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: You bet, Brian.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research LLC: Just a question on NAPA. You're not the only one today who reported some margin degradation there and you're not getting the comp leverage, but I'm just curious about the pricing environment relative from a competitive standpoint and then also any pressure or pushback from the manufacturers themselves.
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: No, what we're seeing has been fairly typical of recent years, Brian. The pricing across the marketplace is rational and we're not seeing – and our supplier partners are partnering with us as they always have. We're not seeing any significant shifts there either.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research LLC: Okay. All right. Terrific. Just conversations with suppliers, if we were to have a situation where there is some sort of border adjustment tax that was really draconian for the industry by nature, any talks with them about potential onshoring or areas that you could speak to?
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Well, I would say it's probably premature. We have – it's early to have discussions with suppliers about what changes they are going to be making, what changes we're going to making. I think we're all taking a bit of wait and see to see what ultimately happens. I think, as we think about this, what amount is going to be borne by the supplier, what amount is borne by us, what amount passes onto the customer, I think in theory, a lot of this is probably going to end up being passed onto the consumer and in terms of inflation and what we see in the cost of products. But we have not started. Again, it's early to be having discussion with what changes may happen in the supply chain. But know that we will work with our suppliers and hopefully come up with the best solution that we can.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research LLC: All right, terrific. Much appreciate it and good luck in 2017
Paul D. Donahue - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Brian.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: Thank you, Brian. I appreciate it.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference back over for any additional or closing remarks.
Carol B. Yancey - Genuine Parts Co.: We want to thank you for your participation in the call today. As always, we thank you for your support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting to you in Q1. Thank you.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney Jones - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul Donahue - President and Chief Executive Officer Carol Yancey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Elizabeth Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sidney Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2016 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full-year. Before we begin this morning please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company’s latest SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We’ll begin this morning with comments from our President and CEO, Paul Donahue. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and let me add my welcome to all of you on the call this morning. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us. Before we begin our commentary on the quarter, we want to update you on Hurricane Matthew, a powerful and deadly storm which recently hit the coast of Florida, Georgia, the Carolinas as well as the Caribbean. This storm inflicted damages in excess of $5 billion and impacted the lives and businesses of countless GPC personnel and our good customer partners. There are many GPC associates, too many to call out today, who were mobilized around the clock before, during and after the storm, providing aid and assistance for those affected. We want to take this opportunity to publicly thank them for their selfless efforts. From an operations perspective, we’ve had a number of facilities and stores closed and/or without power for long periods of time. While most operations are now back up and running, we still have stores in the Carolinas struggling with power outages and floodwaters. So now the real work begins, and our team will continue to support the cleanup efforts and provide assistance wherever and whenever needed. Now earlier this morning, we released our third quarter 2016 results. I’ll make a few remarks on our overall results and then cover our performance by business. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our guidance for the full-year. After that, we will open up the call to your questions. So a quick recap of our third quarter results shows; sales for the quarter were $3.94 billion, which was up 0.5%. Net income was $185.3 million compared to $188 million last year, and earnings per share were $1.24 which is unchanged from last year’s third quarter. Our third quarter performance fell short of our expectations. Despite the challenging sales environment, we had planned for improved results for the second half of the year, and we came up short in the third quarter. As we will discuss throughout this call, we are intensely focused on our action plans to drive sales and reduce costs in the quarters ahead. Total sales in the quarter included a 3.5% benefit from acquisitions spread across our Automotive, Industrial and Office businesses, and you will hear more on our successful acquisition strategy as we review our business results. Currency exchange was neutral to our overall results for the first time in a number of quarters with the slightly favorable Canadian and Australian currencies offsetting the ongoing weakness in the Mexican peso. Turning to our Automotive operations. For the quarter ending September 30, our global Automotive sales were up 1.5%, which has improved from the 0.7% decrease in the second quarter. This quarter’s increase includes an approximate 2.5% benefit from acquisitions and a currency tailwind of 0.5%. Our total U.S. results were off 1% in the quarter and this follows a 2% decrease in the second quarter. This sequential improvement follows a fairly steep deceleration from a solid start to the year when U.S. sales were up 4%. And we would add that September was the strongest month in an otherwise challenging quarter. With that said, we continue to operate in a generally sluggish sales environment, which we believe relates to the ongoing softness in demand associated with the mild winter and early spring seasons. As we noted on our last call, we had a similar weather pattern back in 2012 and experienced the same type of sluggish demand we are seeing today. What is different is that we had a hot summer across much of the U.S. this year, and we could see that having a positive impact on demand in the quarters ahead. And one final comment here would be that our Eastern, Central and Midwest regions, which benefit the most from the normal winter weather patterns, represent more than 40% of our U.S. revenues and continue to significantly underperform the balance of the country. We continue to analyze multitudes of data and scenarios including the impact of online competition, general competitive and pricing dynamics, trends and transportation, the number of vehicles entering our sweet spot and OE dealer warranties and services, among others. We do not believe that any one of these factors is having a material impact on our business. We have concluded that while it is important to consider each of these factors as we plan for the future. The challenges we are facing today are in fact, transitory. As we anniversary last winter’s mild weather and execute on our growth initiatives in the quarters ahead, we expect to further improve our sales results and ultimately return to our historical mid single-digit growth rates. Turning now to a look at our U.S. company-owned store group. Same-store sales were down 2% in the third quarter, which is in line with our total U.S. sales before the positive impact of acquisitions. This follows flat year-over-year comps in the second quarter and plus 3% to begin the year. DIY and retail sales at our company stores were down mid-single digits, driven by a decrease in transaction counts, while the average basket size was flat for the quarter. While disappointing overall, sales at the stores updated for our retail impact initiative are bucking this trend with double-digit retail sales increases. And while not in enough stores yet to make a mark on our total retail comps, we are confident in the long-term positive benefits of these initiatives. We are on plan to rollout this new retail concept in 150 company-owned stores this year and will accelerate the project to add an additional 300 stores in 2017. The commercial wholesale business at our company stores was down low single digits in the third quarter, driven by low to mid single-digit declines at our Major Accounts and fleet business. Sales to our AutoCare Centers were down slightly, although on a more positive note, we added nearly 500 new AutoCare memberships thus far in 2016 and stand at over 16,000 members today. This is a testament to the overall value of this program to our independent installer base, and we look to this program to be a significant growth driver for us in the periods ahead. Our average wholesale transaction counts as well as ticket value were both down for the quarter. Moving on to the trends we are seeing across the U.S. automotive aftermarket. The fundamental drivers for all our business remain sound. The size of the vehicle fleet continues to grow. The average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11.5 years, lower fuel prices remain favorable for the consumer and miles driven continues to post substantial gains. Miles driven increased 3.4% in August, the most recent data available and is up 3.1% year-to-date. August now marks 30 consecutive months of increases in miles driven with lower fuel prices continuing to drive this key metric. The national average price of gasoline was $2.32 in the third quarter, well below last year and a positive indicator for further increases in miles driven and ultimately driving additional parts purchases. We want to also update you on our international businesses which include Canada, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand. In New Zealand and Australia, our core Automotive business is performing well with sales consistently up mid to high single digits. In addition, we continue to see solid contributions from our recent acquisitions and we have made significant progress with the integration of the Covs and AMX businesses acquired earlier this year. Likewise, we are pleased to report that on September 1, we closed on the acquisition of ASL, a New Zealand-based automotive aftermarket distributor to the commercial side of the industry. ASL operates 15 branches with approximate annual revenues of US$15 million. With these acquisitions, our footprint in Australia and New Zealand has grown now to 546 locations. This represents an increase of more than 100 net new stores over the past three years. Our leadership team in Asia Pacific continues to operate at a high level, and we see continued expansion opportunities in the quarters ahead. At NAPA Canada, we continue to produce low single-digit sales growth despite the ongoing economic challenges associated with the oil and gas slowdown impacting Western Canada. The July 1 acquisition of Auto-Camping, a leading distributor of OEM parts in Canada with annual revenues of approximately US$50 million, has been a great addition to our Canadian business. Finally, in Mexico, our sales continue to gain momentum as we expand our NAPA footprint. We now have 28 stores in Mexico today, up from 21 on June 30, and we have plans for additional store growth in the periods ahead. We continue to be encouraged by the long-term growth prospects for NAPA in Mexico. We have built a solid foundation of international operations, which currently account for approximately 30% of our total Automotive revenues. As we look to the future, we are well positioned for future growth opportunities across these markets. In summary, we faced a challenging sales environment in the U.S. during the third quarter, with these headwinds somewhat offset by the ongoing strength of our international operations as well as the positive impact of acquisitions and new distribution expansion. We look to improve on this quarter’s performance in the periods ahead by expanding our business with our key commercial platforms, NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts, executing our retail strategy and driving global expansion via new-store openings as well as targeted strategic acquisitions. Turning now to our Industrial business, Motion Industries ended the quarter down 0.7%, which has slightly improved from the 2% decrease we experienced in the second quarter. After adjusting for acquisitions, core Industrial sales were down an approximate 2.5% and again, a slight improvement on a sequential basis. As a reminder, this quarter’s results include the August 1 acquisition of OBBCO, a regional industrial safety products distributor with estimated revenues of approximately $20 million. As we have said in recent quarters, our Industrial business has seemed to stabilize, although any signs of a meaningful recovery will most likely occur in 2017. The industrial indices we track, such as industrial production, capacity utilization and the PMI, simply remain too choppy to indicate otherwise. What we do know, however, is that we have seen these cycles before, and we are confident in our sales strategies and ability to generate strong growth in this business when the market begins to strengthen. The question right now is one of timing. A review of our business by industry segment, top customers and top product categories further supports the choppy markets. Among our top 12 Industry segments, our results were consistent with the second quarter, with three sectors up, seven down and two unchanged from last year. And among our top 12 product categories, six were up and six were down, also consistent with last quarter. And finally, among our top 20 customers, 13 were up and seven were down, which compares to 15 up and five down in the second quarter. So the takeaway again this quarter is that our results were relatively consistent with the most recent quarters and remain mixed among our customers and products. With that said, we would add that September was our strongest daily sales month of the year and we are seeing growth across all regions of the U.S. other than in the oil and gas region of the Southwest. The encouraging news out of the Southwest is, while still running negative numbers, they are closing the gap. Additional positive news for the Southwest is the move of oil prices back to the $50 range. We are also encouraged to see the level of exported goods improving from the 6% to 7% declines we experienced in the first half of the year. These trends bode well for the industrial markets. Likewise, we recently announced the October 3 acquisition of Braas Company, a multiregional distributor of products and distribution services for industrial automation and control with estimated annual revenues of $90 million. The growth prospects for this segment of the industry including robotics, motion control and industrial networking are compelling, and the addition of such a well-positioned business will substantially enhance our automation capabilities. So despite our cautionary stance on a near-term recovery, we continue to position this business for strong sales and earnings growth upon a recovery. You can also look for us to execute on our initiatives to grow market share and further expand our distribution footprint to generate sales growth in the fourth quarter. Moving on to EIS, our Electrical distribution segment. Sales for this group were down 9% due to several factors, some of which are also impacting our Industrial business. A few of the more impactful challenges this quarter include further weakness in our electrical markets, driven primarily by our business with the energy sector including oil, gas as well as coal. We’re also seeing lower copper pricing and the overall effects on demand. It appears these headwinds will persist into the fourth quarter. So as we work through this cycle, we’ll be intensely focused on making the proper cost reductions and improving our efficiencies while also executing on our initiatives to drive meaningful sales growth over the long-term. To that end, on the 1st of this month, we acquired Communications Products and Services, a leading distributor of plant product solutions for both aerial and underground broadband cable and wireless network infrastructure. CPS further strengthens our cable operations in the Western U.S. and should generate approximately $12 million in annual revenues. And finally, a few comments on the Office Products business, which reported a 5% increase in sales for the third quarter. This is improved from a 1% increase in the second quarter, driven by an 11% contribution from recent acquisitions. Our acquisitions including Safety Zone are performing well and contributing nicely to our growth strategy for the facilities and breakroom supplies category. Core sales for the Office business were down 6% in the third quarter, a decrease from the 4% core sales decrease in the second quarter. Primarily, this was driven by weaker sales through the mega channel, which was down low single-digits following mid single-digit growth through the first half of the year. Sales through the independent reseller channel were down mid-single digits, consistent with the declines we have seen all year. From the product side, the facilities and breakroom supplies category, or FBS, posted strong growth in the quarter, while traditional office supplies, furniture and technology products each posted sales declines. This quarter was difficult for us and as you can see in the numbers, but we are confident in our abilities to show more progress in the quarters ahead. Moving forward, we are focused on the overall diversification of this business with a heavy emphasis on the growing FBS category. Our growth strategy involves strategic bolt-on acquisitions to further enhance our capabilities in this category as well as the execution of our ongoing share-of-wallet and market share initiatives to grow this business despite the challenging end market conditions that persist in this industry. So that is an overview of our performance by business. We continue to operate in a tough sales environment, but our teams are working hard in all aspects of our business to overcome these challenges and generate growth in the quarters ahead. Now I’ll hand it over to Carol, who will provide a financial update and full-year guidance. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We’ll begin with our financial review with a look at our third quarter income statement and the segment information and then we’ll review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. As Paul mentioned, total revenues of $3.94 billion for the third quarter was an increase of 0.5%. Gross profit for the third quarter was 30.4% of sales, which is an increase from the 29.8% in the prior year quarter. This improvement was primarily driven by a favorable supplier incentive, product mix shift into higher-margin categories and the benefit of our more recent higher margin acquisitions. Looking forward, we remain focused on the effective execution of our gross margin initiatives and we remain committed to an enhanced gross margin for the long-term. The pricing environment across our businesses remains relatively unchanged from where we’ve been for some time with very little supplier inflation, if any. Our cumulative supplier price changes through nine months in 2016 were down 0.7% in Automotive, up 0.4% in Industrial, up 0.2% in Office and down 1.3% in Electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses for the third quarter were $907 million, up 4% from last year and 23% of sales. Our increase in expenses as a percentage of sales is primarily due to the weak sales environment across all of our businesses. In addition, as we initially integrate our acquisitions into our existing operations, we can experience an uptick in costs. Ultimately, we’re able to eliminate these excess costs and actually reduce our overall cost as we build on the synergies that we create with the combined businesses. We would also add that, with certain acquisitions, their models show higher gross margins, as mentioned earlier, but also a higher operating cost as well, so that’s a factor in the current quarter. In the current sales environment, it’s imperative that we review in detail any expense that we have to ensure we are operating with the lowest possible cost structure. Managing our expenses with tight cost control measures is ongoing at GPC but especially critical today, and we recognize that there’s always need for improvement. Probably the most impactful initiative for us over the long-term is that our businesses are rationalizing their facilities to streamline their cost structure wherever appropriate. This serves to reduce our distribution cost as well as our headcount and payroll-related costs, which are significant expenses for us. Thus far, in 2016, we have closed or consolidated a number of distribution centers and branches, and we reduced our headcount by approximately 1%. Although these steps are meaningful, not all of the savings are in our numbers yet, and importantly, you’ll see many more opportunities for further consolidations. Our ongoing investments in technology, which we’ve talked about for a long time now, are allowing us to do more and more of this type of rationalization while also maintaining our excellent customer service standards. So going forward, you can look for us to continue building a lower cost but highly effective distribution infrastructure across our businesses. Now we’ll discuss the results by segment. Automotive revenue for the third quarter was $2.1 billion, up 1.5% from the prior year and 53% of total sales. Operating profit of $198 million is down 2%, with the operating margin for this group at 9.4% compared to 9.8% in the third quarter last year. This primarily reflects the pressure on our operating expenses due to the decline in our core Automotive sales. Industrial sales of $1.2 billion in the quarter, 0.7% decrease from the prior year and 29% of our total revenue. Operating profit of $86 million is down 5%, and our operating margin is 7.4% compared to the 7.7% last year. Similar to our Automotive margins, the pressure on the margin for this business relates to the lack of sales growth and its impact on our operating expenses despite good progress with our ongoing cost reductions and facility rationalizations. Office Products revenues were $535 million and 14% of our total sales, up 5% overall but down 6% excluding acquisitions. Our operating profit of $30 million is down 17%, and our operating margin is 5.7%. This group experienced significant pressure on their operating expenses this quarter due to three primary factors, the decrease in their organic sales; the rising cost associated with serving a growing number of sales channels; and incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions. The Office team is taking immediate measures to address these areas and drive cost savings in the quarters ahead. The Electrical Group sales were $178 million in the quarter, down 9% from 2015 and 4% of our total revenue. Operating profit of $14 million is down 29%, and the operating margin for this group is 8.0% compared to a 10.2% margin last year. The decline in revenues was difficult to overcome this quarter, but this team is also working fast to reduce their cost and to show improvement in the quarters ahead. So our total operating profit margin for the third quarter was 8.3% compared to 8.9% last year, disappointing but essentially a function of the weak sales environment, which we have discussed, and we’re intensely focused on reducing our cost to drive margin expansion. We had net interest expense of $5.2 million in the quarter, and for the full year, we currently expect net interest expense of approximately $20 million. Our total amortization expense was $10.3 million for the third quarter, and we would estimate total amortization expense of approximately $39 million for the full year. Our depreciation expense is $27.3 million for the quarter and we would expect the full-year to be in the range of $110 million to $120 million. So the combined depreciation and amortization number would be approximately $145 million to $160 million for the full-year. The other line, which primarily reflects our corporate expense, was $21.1 million in the quarter compared to $34.3 million last year. The decrease in corporate expense primarily reflects the benefit of gains on the sale of certain real estate as well as the favorable retirement plan valuation adjustments. For the full-year, we currently expect corporate expense to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million. Our tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 36.4% compared to 37.4% last year. The reduction in the rate is due to a higher mix of foreign earnings, which are taxed at lower rates, and the favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment we just discussed, which is nontaxable. For the full year, we expect our income tax rate to be in the range of 36.2% to 36.5%. Net income for the quarter of $185.3 million and EPS of $1.24, which was equal to the third quarter last year. Now we’ll turn to a discussion of the balance sheet, which we further strengthened in the third quarter with effective working capital management and strong cash flows. Our cash at September 30 was $225 million, a $26 million increase from last year, even as we’ve increased our spending for acquisitions. So our cash position continues to support the growth initiatives across each of our distribution businesses. Accounts receivable of $2 billion at September 30, is up 3.5% from the prior year, and adjusted for the impact of currency translation is up 2%. We continue to closely manage our receivables, and we remain satisfied with our quality at this time. Our inventory at quarter end was $3.1 billion, which is up 6% from the prior year, although it’s actually down slightly when you exclude the impact of our acquisitions as well as currency. Our teams are doing a very good job of effectively managing our inventory levels, and we’ll continue to maintain this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Accounts payable at September 30 was $3.1 billion, up 9% from last year, including a slight benefit of currency. Our ongoing progress in growing our accounts payable reflects improved payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors. This has had a positive impact on our working capital and days in payables, and we would add that our AP-to-inventory ratio stands at 98.5% at September 30. Our working capital of $1.5 billion at September 30 is down from last year and showing steady improvement over multiple periods. Effectively managing our working capital remains a high priority for the Company and we continue to expect further improvement in the quarters ahead. Our total debt of $775 million is unchanged from June 30 and it compares to a $625 million in total debt last year. Our debt includes two $250 million term notes and a new five-year 2.39% $50 million term note that closed in July. We have another $225 million in borrowings under our multicurrency revolving line of credit. One of our two $250 million term notes is due this November and we’ve recently entered into an agreement for a new 10-year note with a favorable interest rate of 2.99%, down from the current rate of 3.35%. Our total debt capitalization is approximately 19% and we are comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We continue to believe that our current structure provides the Company with both the flexibility and the financial capacity necessary to take advantage of the growth opportunities that we may have. In summary, our balance sheet is in excellent condition and remains a key strength of the company. We have consistently generated strong cash flows, and following a record year in 2015, we are well positioned for another solid year in 2016. We continue to expect our cash from operations to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range for the full-year and free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends, to be in the $400 million to $450 million range. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our priorities for cash include strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, reinvestment in our businesses and the dividend. Strategic acquisitions remain an ongoing and important use of cash for us and are integral to the growth plans for our Company. Thus far in 2016, we have added a number of new businesses across each of the four business segments. These are excellent strategic fits for us and collectively, we expect them to generate over $600 million in annual revenues going forward. As we move forward, we’ll continue to look for additional acquisition opportunities across our distribution businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. We’ll continue to target those bolt-on types of companies with annual revenues in the $25 million to $150 million range, but we are open-minded to new complementary distribution businesses of all sizes, large or small, assuming the appropriate returns on investment. Turning to share repurchases. We’ve purchased 249,000 shares in the third quarter and 1.6 million shares for the nine months. Today, we have 4.7 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. Our investment in capital expenditures was $37 million for the third quarter and $87 million through September. For the year, we are continuing to plan for capital expenditures in the range of $120 million to $140 million for the full-year. Turning to our dividend. The 2016 dividend is $2.63 a share, which is a 7% increase from the $2.46 per share paid in 2015. 2016 also marked our 60th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. Now this concludes our financial update for the third quarter of 2016. In summary, our businesses are operating in a difficult sales environment, but our teams are hard at work to overcome these challenges and to generate growth. From top to bottom, we are evaluating the cost structures to drive greater efficiencies and cost savings. We believe these efforts will position the company well for future sales and earnings growth. Now we’ll turn to our guidance for the full-year. Based on our current performance and the outlook for the balance of the year, we’re updating our full-year guidance for total sales to flat to up 1% from the previous up 1% to up 2%. Among our business segments, we’re lowering Automotive sales guidance to up 1% to up 2% from the previous up 2% to up 3%. We’re reducing our Industrial sales guidance to flat to down 1% from a previous flat to up 1%. We’re reducing our Electrical sales to down 5% to down 6% from a previous down 2% to down 3%. We are maintaining our Office sales guidance at plus 2% to plus 3%. This sales outlook includes those acquisitions included in our nine-month results as well as the Braas and CPS acquisitions that closed this month. On the earnings side, we’re lowering our earnings per share guidance to $4.55 to $4.60 from the previous $4.70 to $4.75 for the full-year. So this completes our prepared remarks, and I’ll turn it back over to Paul at this time.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Before we go to questions, I just wanted to add a few additional remarks we feel are important. First, we want to remind you of the action steps we outlined in our last call which are the four building blocks of our growth strategy. These are: one, executing our key initiatives to capture greater share of wallet with our existing customer base; two, an aggressive and disciplined acquisition strategy focused on both geographical as well as product line expansions; three, building out our digital capabilities across all four of our businesses; and four, further expanding our U.S. and international store footprint. We are confident that over time, our intense focus in these four key areas will positively impact our sales performance and drive the ongoing steady and consistent growth we look to achieve and our stakeholders expect. Second, we want to assure you that our current performance was not up to our expectations. As we speak, we continue to evaluate our cost structure in all areas of the business to drive immediate savings and longer-term efficiencies. Our goal is to show improved results in the quarters ahead and better position the company for sustainable growth well into the future. As Carol shared earlier, we have a strong balance sheet and excellent cash flows to support our efforts. So in closing as we look ahead, we’re excited with the many opportunities we have at GPC and can point to many positive factors fueling our optimism. We operate in four large and fragmented industries with less than 10% market share in each. The outlook for the automotive aftermarket continues to be positive. The industrial sector is showing early signs of a recovery. Our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong, supporting effective capital allocation strategy, our steady track record of increased dividends for 60 consecutive years and, last, but certainly not least, our team of 40,000 dedicated GPC Associates around the globe committed to delivering exceptional customer service. So despite our current challenges, we feel very good about the long-term prospects for growth at GPC. We’ve been operating now for 88-plus years and we’ve been through challenging times before. And as we move forward, we’ll make the necessary adjustments and we will emerge as a stronger company. We look forward to reporting to you on our progress. So with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll now take our first question from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Horvers: So wanted to follow-up, start with the September commentary around the U.S. NAPA business and also on the Motion Industries side. Can you put some brackets around that? Is it back to flat? Is it - turn positive? Or was it just simply less negative?
Paul Donahue: The Automotive, well, I’ll give you, Chris, the kind of the cadence for the quarter, as I’m sure that will come up. What we saw in our overall Automotive business was predominantly flat in July and August, and then we saw a low to mid single - low single-digit increase in the month of September. So we did see some improvement in September. And while it’s early yet in October, that’s holding a bit. So it gives us a bit of renewed optimism as we head into the all-important fourth quarter. And hopefully, if we get a little winter weather headed our way in November, December that can only further help things. And in Industrial, we’re seeing some green shoots as well. If you look at the indices that we follow, the ISM September numbers were positive, which rebounded from a negative number in August. So we’re starting to see a bit of an uptick in our Industrial business as well.
Christopher Horvers: So just to clarify that, that flat in July and August and up low single digits in the month of September, that’s the U.S. business or I thought the U.S. is actually down during the quarter.
Paul Donahue: That’s our global Automotive business, Chris.
Christopher Horvers: Okay, any particulars around the U.S. business? Did it follow that similar trend?
Paul Donahue: Our overall trend in Automotive was if you go - because you had a lot of calendar movement in the quarter with a couple less days in July, a couple of extra days in August. So it was kind of all over the board, but the positive is we did see a more positive trend in September than what we saw in July and August in our U.S. business, so similar trend to our global business.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. And then as you think about NAPA, I think I was curious at the product category level, was the improvement sort of a lag hot weather repair and maintenance on hot weather-sensitive products? Or did you see more broad-based improvement in some of the more core less weather-sensitive categories?
Paul Donahue: No. You hit it right on the head, Chris. The growth that we saw in the quarter was temp-related products. So our Electrical business obviously led by batteries was up mid-single digits. We saw a nice increase in our AC type products. We also saw decent business in our tool and equipment side. Where we’re still seeing a bit of a struggle is some of our under car lines, some of our ride control, heavy duty. And we don’t often talk about it on this call, but our capital equipment business, so things like tire changers, wheel balancers, lifts, that business has been off as well. So to your point, we did see some of the benefits of the hot temps coming out of the summer, and it drove business in our Electrical and AC business.
Christopher Horvers: And then last question, as you think about just - as you look into the fourth quarter, do you have concern that the business could actually ebb from here given the improvement? It sounds like it was the hot weather side. Or is it just simply in the comparisons dropped off so much in the fourth quarter that would neutralize that? Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Well, you heard the guidance, Chris, and we did take the guidance down a little bit in Q4. We’re comfortable in the range that we told you folks, which is Automotive being up one to up two. Certainly, we’re taking a cautious outlook, and we would hope to outperform. But again, a bit of that is out of our control, so we’ll hope for a little bit of a stronger core business.
Christopher Horvers: Understood. Thanks very much. Good luck.
Paul Donahue: You are welcome. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And we’ll now go to Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Hi. Good morning and thank you for taking my question.
Paul Donahue: Hey. Good morning, Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Seth Basham: My first question is just making sure I understand some of the trends in the auto business in the U.S. for the quarter. As I heard you correctly, I think you spoke to 0% comps for company-owned stores, but the total U.S. business that was in the second quarter a negative 2% in 3Q, and total U.S. business was down 2% in the second quarter and up 1% in the third quarter, is that correct?
Paul Donahue: Let me see if I’m correct with you, Seth. The 2% same-store sales decline in Q3 in U.S. was accurate. Our overall - let me just pull the numbers, our overall business in the U.S., was down 1% and plus - and then, when you add in acquisitions, acquisitions actually added in a point for us.
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. So if you look at the U.S. business, then you saw company-owned stores doing all that work in the independently owned stores on a sort of daily sales basis.
Paul Donahue: No. I think the actual - our store sales in our company-owned stores and our independent owners were actually right on cue with one another. On the same-store sales were both down about 2%, and then you add back in the strength of acquisitions, gets us to your down 1.
Seth Basham: Okay, that’s helpful. And then secondly, if you think about the dynamic between ticket and traffic, particularly on the DIFM side of the business, it’s the second quarter in a row that we’re seeing a decline in ticket on the DIFM side. Is that simply due to deflation? Or is there something else going on from a mix standpoint that’s driving that?
Paul Donahue: No. I think that - I mean it could be a bit, Seth, but we’re not seeing anything dramatic. Look, we’re in constant touch with our key customers, whether they be the Major Accounts of which we have a real focus on our top five Major Accounts. We’re very close to our - obviously to our NAPA AutoCare centers. Their business is soft, and I think our business is trending with theirs, and the bay counts, as we do our survey throughout the marketplace, bay counts are down a bit on both sides, Major Accounts and AutoCare. So it’s just kind of a soft environment out there right now.
Seth Basham: Okay. Now last question for me is just on gross margins. If you could tease out the drivers of benefit a little bit more, which were the biggest drivers of improvement between supplier incentives and the product mix shifts and the acquisitions that would be helpful. We’re just trying to understand the sustainability of that improvement.
Paul Donahue: Yes, okay. I’ll let Carol take that.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I would point you more, if you think about where we are through the nine months, so we’re up 17 basis points through the nine months. And that’s probably a more normalized where we would expect to be. But in the quarter, what we had is a combination of the factors mentioned. So there was some - definitely, the customer and product mix would be probably a part of it and that’s coming from areas, if you think about what Paul mentioned on the product side and Automotive on the product side, some of the application parts and you’ve got higher margins there, even when you move over to the Office side and the categories you talked about, you have a definite product mix shift there that was positive. And then on the acquisitions, we mentioned that they come with a higher gross margin but they also have higher SG&A and then the increased rebates. I think if you look at the quarter, you would probably say that they’re pretty evenly safe of how they contributed, but I would also point you to more than nine months number to say that, that’s you know hopefully, where we can continue to hold.
Seth Basham: Very good. Thanks a lot and good luck.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll now go to Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys.
Paul Donahue: Hey, good morning, Scot.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi, just one more sales cadence question and I’m sure the horse is grow at this point, but in the U.S., same-store sales, was September positive?
Carol Yancey: Yes, it was.
Scot Ciccarelli: Gotcha. Okay. That’s helpful. And another housekeeping item. How big were the real estate gain that you booked in the quarter?
Carol Yancey: So the fluctuation between the corporate experience - or the other expense, half of the increases related to the real estate gains on several pieces of property and half was related to the retirement plan valuation adjustment.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it, so 50/50. Okay, and then the third question, I guess this is really an opinion at this point, but Paul, you’ve been involved with the NAPA for many years at this point, would you expect better performance from NAPA just given how warm this year’s summer weather was?
Paul Donahue: As I said in my prepared comments, Scot, we’re not pleased with where we find ourselves. If there was anything that was a bit of a surprise for me personally this quarter was our core business and you could almost go to all of our business. But certainly, Automotive and Office, the softness that we saw in our core business certainly is concerning and we always expect more out of our teams. So yes, I think that’s a safe comment. We did expect better.
Scot Ciccarelli: So do you think there’s any kind of share shift occurring?
Paul Donahue: I expected that question, Scot, and I have to tell you that again, as we talk to our key customers, as I was mentioned in an earlier question, we see what their business and how their business is trending, whether it would be with a big national account or with our almost 17,000 AutoCares, and the business climate and the bay count is soft. If we were looking out and seeing a robust business environment with those key customers and key AutoCare centers, I would be more concerned than I am. I do believe what we’re seeing right now in Automotive is transitory. I think we saw it a bit when we came out of 2012 in similar weather patterns. So our expectation, Scot, is that when we get back to - if we get back to a normal winter weather patterns that we will see the rebound in our Automotive business. But no, I don’t believe we’re losing share.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. All right. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
Paul Donahue: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll now go to Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning, guys.
Paul Donahue: Hi, good morning, Bret.
Carol Yancey: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Hi, can we talk a little bit more about the U.S. trends in the quarter? Really sort of regional dispersion and maybe how we started that out the quarter I guess northern performance versus South and West. And I think you commented that the North was still the weakest, but did the back half close as the quarter progressed?
Paul Donahue: It did close, Bret, but I would tell you the trend that we saw in Q3 was much the same as we saw in Q2, which is those big northern divisions which, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, is a large portion of our overall business, so the Northeast, the Central, and I compare those two divisions that are performing well and I have to separate out the West. The West for us is an outlier and it’s an outlier in a good way. Our Western Division business is performing quite well and outperforming all of our other divisions. But if I take the Florida, Southern Atlantic, there’s still - we’re still seeing that 400 basis point to 500 basis point gap between the guys up north and the guys in the warmer climates and - but we did see that begin to close a bit in September, which is encouraging.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great. And then one question on the DIY comp. I think you said it was down mid single-digits, and you said you were sort of examining some - the emerging online competition. Obviously, it’s pretty early for Amazon to be having any real impact given their recent entry in the space. But are you analyzing anything like conversion rates? Or is there any feeling that there’s a competitive shift going on in the DIY market that’s explaining mid single-digit decline?
Paul Donahue: Again, Bret, we’re looking at everything, as we always do, in our business, whether it’d be ticket counts and basket size, and we are not pleased with where we find our core retail business. I would tell you that I don’t believe we’re losing share to the online players. That is - I mean clearly, they’re growing their business, and I don’t think it’s at the expense of our retail business. But I would mention that where we’re encouraged is where we see growth with our impact stores, the stores that we have relayed and retrofitted to the new look. We’ll have a 150 of those by year-end. We’re seeing double-digit growth there. So it tells me that the retail business is there to be had. We’ve got another 300 stores queued up for 2017 to go to that new look. So we’ll have, hopefully, north of 450 stores in the new format of our - which would be almost half of our company-owned stores by the end of 2017. And our plan then would be we will be able to move the overall needle. Right now with just 150 stores with the new format, it’s tough for us to move the overall retail needle. And I would also mention, Bret, I think that - look, I think the consumer is under a little bit of stress which could be impacting retail across the board.
Bret Jordan: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Paul Donahue: You are welcome Bret.
Operator: We’ll now take our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thanks for taking my question. Quick follow-up. Why was California so good? Is that your retail initiative? Or is there something else driving that?
Paul Donahue: Our California business I should…
Chris Bottiglieri: West Coast.
Paul Donahue: Yes. West Coast, it’s really West Coast. Obviously California is a big, big part of our West Coast business. We’ve been aggressive. Our team has been aggressive out there in conversions, bringing some competitive stores over to the NAPA banner. We’ve done a few bolt-on - small bolt-on acquisitions, but our core business is healthier out there as well, which goes back to - and kind of reinforces the comments that you have to be led to believe that the impact that we’re seeing on the Automotive business is being largely driven by weather patterns because in those warm climates, certainly out west is reflective - the business is okay.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. And then unrelated follow-up. Let me get a sense for as much as you can give us, you kind of answered this on gross margins, what is the inverse of that on the SG&A rate. Can you maybe bifurcate a little bit, tell us how much is kind of integration, one-time costs, that you kind of lap, what are some of the other drivers? I imagine its mix shifting again? And then if you could give us any direction overall, like how much of your - by segment, what your fixed cost structure looks like, trying to get a sense of incremental margins as your sales kind of fluctuates?
Carol Yancey: Yes, so I would tell you, the gross margin improvement that we had were across our Automotive, Industrial and Office businesses. And then at the same time, the SG&A deterioration was in all four of our segments. And when you look at the core sales, the majority of what you’re seeing there is related to the core sales. And where we modeled, where we thought we would be second half of the year, we weren’t quite there. We thought we would be. So we’ve got just - it takes us longer to get those cost out and we’re really adjusting to a lower level of core sales growth. And then I think the other big part of this is the acquisitions that certainly - I mean we’ve made 16 or so acquisitions this year, and all those acquisitions come in, many of them come in with a different cost structure, but certainly accretive on the margin side, but they’re coming in with higher SG&A. And in some, you have some incremental costs when you first have these acquisitions, and it takes up a couple of quarters to get those costs out. So I think all-in-all, the weak sales factor is the biggest thing that’s impacting the SG&A, but I can tell you, our teams are working very, very hard right now to address all of our costs and we’ve done a lot of work on our headcount. We’ve done a lot of work on our facilities. And then you will see the improvements we’ve done, it just hasn’t been enough to offset the decline in the core sales.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. Then I promise one small last one, I hope it’s a small one. The other revenue count seemed to kind of get a little worse this quarter. What’s driving that? Looks like the implication I think to the story.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So the other revenue line, that is where we have the impact of our additional sales discounts and incentives. And so when we have the acquisitions that have flowed into the segment sales, with those acquisitions come their additional sales, customer discounts, and so a lot of that increase is related to the acquisitions coming in. So it’s really the growth number is up above in the segments and that’s the net adjustment. Yes, we’ll have a more normalized. If you use the Q3 number, that’s probably going to be our more normal go-forward amount.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. Great. Thanks again for all the questions.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I had a couple of questions. Paul, I’d like to start on some of the breakdowns of what’s been strong or weak. I think you mentioned that fleet in Major Accounts were negative. Were they more negative than the Company? And just remind us what percentage of your sales are in that bucket.
Paul Donahue: Well, yes. Thanks, Greg. Those were two challenged businesses for us this past quarter, both down low single-digits. Our Major Accounts business is approaching $2 billion in sales, so it’s a significant part of our overall wholesale business. Our AutoCare center business, which was down slightly year-over-year and I mean very slightly, represents well over $1 billion as well. And fleet, a comment on the fleet. It was down more than the overall business. And again, not surprised, not a total surprise because we have a significant business in the heavy-duty class 6, 7, 8 truck business and we’re seeing softness across that element of our business as well.
Greg Melich: Could you speak on that in particular because I think you mentioned ride control and heavy-duty. Are there any shared shifts going on there that could explain that? Or do you think this is just overall demand and I have another question.
Paul Donahue: No. I honestly don’t think so. We just spent a day with our heavy-duty team earlier this week, Greg, and we did an acquisition in that space earlier this year. So we’re getting more and more broader in our scope and in our footprint, in our heavy-duty business. And honestly, we think that business is under pressure across the entire heavy-duty industry.
Greg Melich: Okay, great. And Carol, I think in your prepared comments, I heard in SG&A there was a real estate sale and a pension valuation adjustment. Could you quantify those?
Carol Yancey: Yes, I did earlier. That’s in the other line of corporate expense line. So the delta between last year Q3 and this year Q3, the delta is half related to real estate gains and half related to the pension retirement valuation adjustment, and that is not in the segment margin. That’s in other.
Greg Melich: Got it. And the real estate is any of that - is that all just one-off? Or is there any of that, that might occur on, say the pension side if it’s an accrual?
Carol Yancey: It’s largely one-off. I mean we have transactions all the time, but there are some more significant ones this quarter, so that’s largely one-off. Therefore, when we gave our guidance for corporate expense for the full-year, you’re going to be back to a more normal run rate.
Greg Melich: Got it. And then I guess this is sort of one last question whoever wants to take it. If you think about the change in your guidance for the year, what was the main driver of that? Was it just the business being weaker than expected in the third quarter or what you’re expecting for the fourth quarter?
Carol Yancey: Yes. So Greg, it’s a combination of what you said, but the Q3, the weaker sales is the primary driver, which we had that in Q3 and we’re expecting that in Q4, but we certainly factored in what occurred in Q3, but the primary driver is the weak sales, but we took into account the incremental one-time things that we had in Q3 as well.
Greg Melich: So you factored in also something lower in the fourth quarter, obviously, but the bulk of it is in the third quarter miss basically.
Carol Yancey: Correct.
Greg Melich: Got it. Okay. Thanks good luck.
Paul Donahue: Thanks Greg.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll now go to Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and good afternoon.
Paul Donahue: Hi, good afternoon, Matt.
Matthew Fassler: Hi, how are you? I want to slice and dice the Automotive discussion, I guess, one other way. We’ve talked about competition, we’ve talked about weather, we’ve talked about regions. If we think about the Northeast and that part of the country that we thought about as being particularly weather-sensitive, it seems to have been challenged for almost everyone who plays in that part of the country for more than the past year. So for a longer period of time, do you think there’s anything from a demand perspective transpiring in that part of the country that’s impacting the aftermarket relative to the rest of the U.S?
Paul Donahue: From a demand perspective, Matt, certainly, it’s interesting to listen to our peer groups and the other players in our industry. And if there is one consistent theme, it is that softness up in that part of the country. I would also - in addition to potentially softer overall demand, I would tell you that in terms of the competitive nature of that part of the country, it’s as tough as any market that we compete in. There’s a lot of players. There’s a lot of strong players, a lot of strong regional players. It’s a competitive market and again we don’t believe we’re losing market share, but it is a challenging market no doubt.
Matthew Fassler: If I can ask a second question. If you could recap your disclosure of the pieces of your same-store sales numbers, I want to make sure I heard some of the numbers right. Because I think you talked about a negative two decline overall for company-owned stores in the U.S. and I just want to make sure I understand the components of that to reconcile those to the total.
Paul Donahue: Well, Matt, I’m not sure we’re going to want to get into all of that detail, but I would suffice to say that our overall same-store sales, as mentioned, was down two. We had a point that - a positive point through acquisitions which led to our overall U.S. business decline of 1%.
Matthew Fassler: I guess I was thinking about the comments you made on DIY and commercial. I think you said commercial down low singles and DIY down a bit more. And I was trying to solve that with a minus two that you discussed. And those might not be apples-to-apples numbers. That’s what I’m trying to get my arms around.
Paul Donahue: No, the - and obviously, you know our DIFM business is our bread and butter, and our DIFM business is really what drives our overall same-store sales number. Retail is still an overall smaller percentage, but our DIFM business was down in that very low single-digit number.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. And then one final question, very brief one, Carol, you spoke about the international mix of business and the impact on the of tax rate. It sounds like that was only one part of what drove the tax rate lower this quarter. But as we think out to subsequent years given the deals that you’ve done outside the U.S., should that tax rate now be below 37% on a secular basis? Do you see that in your future?
Carol Yancey: We probably - to your point, we probably are more in a steady state of probably assuming that there is nothing beyond this point and no tax law changes, we probably are in a 36% to 36.5% rate and that would just assume the same mix that we have today, but it would be dependent on future acquisitions or any tax law changes, but I think you’re right.
Matthew Fassler: Great. Thank you so much guys.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Matt.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer: Good afternoon.
Paul Donahue: Hey, good afternoon, Brian.
Brian Sponheimer: Just one question and may lead to a follow-up about the balance sheet. You had almost a $200 million increase in inventories on a year-over-year basis and $80 million quarter-to-quarter. Some of that’s obviously coming from your acquisitions, but is any - just a lag from a sluggish sales environment? And how do you see that trending throughout the balance of the year?
Carol Yancey: Yes. Actually our inventories are flat when you take out the acquisitions and currency. So we don’t think - I mean the acquisition was a pretty significant number in inventory, so we don’t think there is anything there. But having said that, and certainly if you say we’re pleased with flat, but we also know we have further opportunities with some of this facility rationalizations and some of our productivity improvements to further tighten down the inventory. So that maybe a further source of working capital for us going forward.
Brian Sponheimer: Okay. So if I’m just thinking about this, if your total sales were flat and acquisitions contributed 350 basis points there, in an ideal world, your flat year-over-year for inventory, is that 3% number a potential working capital source target as we kind of move forward? Or are these inventory initiatives going to require at least some safety stock as you’d handle them?
Carol Yancey: I don’t think they will. And I think, like I said, there’s a lot of initiatives going across all of our businesses, but I don’t think we really have that going forward.
Brian Sponheimer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: Thanks, Brian.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: And we’ll take our last question from Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Hey, guys.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Hi. I just wanted to start with one question about acquisition opportunities, and you mentioned that you’re open to some larger acquisitions in that typical $25 million to $150 million annualized revenue target. How many such larger businesses are there out there that might actually make sense to incorporate into your business? In other words, how fragmented is this industry?
Paul Donahue: Well, if you think about our global footprint now, Elizabeth, and you think about four different industries that we conduct business in, there are multiple acquisition opportunities. So when you take into account Asia Pacific, you take into account Canada, Mexico, U.S., and then our Office business, our Industrial business, our Automotive, we look at - as well as Electrical, we look at all of our businesses. And we’ve actually now - we’ve completed 16, 17 acquisitions already this year, and they’ve impacted all four businesses and have been in most every geographical region that we conduct business in. So there is no shortage of opportunities out there.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great, that’s really helpful. And sort of on the reverse side, have you entertained at all the idea of divesting any of the four business segments? Or do you view them all as core and yielding synergies for the total business?
Paul Donahue: Yes. So we get asked that question often, Elizabeth. As of today, we’re quite pleased to be in the four businesses that we’re in. We’ve got strategies in the works in all four. We do believe the four; you mentioned the synergies that they bring to Genuine Parts Company. So as of today, we are committed to all four. That’s not to say at any point in time in the future, if we get to a point where we don’t believe either we’re the best owner of the business or that we can grow a business, we would consider divesting that business. We’ve done it in the past. But at this point, we have no plans to do that.
Elizabeth Suzuki: All right. Thanks very much.
Paul Donahue: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. At this time, I’ll turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your support and your interest in Genuine Parts Company. Thank you for your participation today, and we look forward to reporting back out with our year-end earnings in February. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney G. Jones - Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Brian C. Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sidney G. Jones - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company second quarter 2016 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We'll begin this morning with comments from our Chairman, Tom Gallagher. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman: Thank you, Sid, and let me add my welcome to all of you on the call this morning. We appreciate you taking the time to be with us. I would start by saying that I've anticipated this call with somewhat mixed emotions. On the one hand, I've been on every one of our calls since we started doing them in February of 2001, so today is my 63rd call, but it's also my last. As you know, Paul Donahue, he was named Chief Executive Officer on May 1, and Paul is only the fifth Chief Executive in our 88-year history, certainly indicative of the management's stability within our organization. I will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board, and as such, I will remain active around GPC. But going forward, Paul and Carol will be doing all of the work on these quarterly calls. And I just couldn't feel any better or more positive about the future of our company with Paul as our President, Chief Executive Officer; and Carol as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer leading the way. These are two very talented and capable executives, and they are highly regarded both inside our organization and externally as well. And they will do a fine job in leading our company and creating shareholder value in the years ahead. With that said, I want to thank each of you on the call for your past and ongoing support of Genuine Parts Company, and I'll turn the call over to Paul.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Tom. I appreciate the kind remarks and the ongoing support. I'm both honored and humbled to follow you as CEO of this great company. You've had an admirable 46-year career at GPC, and the performance of the Company under your leadership for the last 12 years has been impressive. That said, working closely with you for the last nine years has been invaluable. And I feel well prepared for this new role, and importantly, the compensation of our management team remains in place to build upon our performance. So thank you, and I look forward to working with you in your role as the Chairman. GPC has a long and rich 88-year history of steady, consistent growth and sound financial, and has been an effective steward of capital. Under my leadership, we intend to build on these achievements over the many years to come. In my first 75 days as CEO, I've taken considerable time to visit with our operations, both around the globe and across our business segment. And I'm more encouraged than ever about the good work being done and the growth opportunities available in each of our businesses. As this quarter would indicate, we have our share of challenges to overcome, but I also believe we can reinvigorate our sales growth in the coming quarters. This is our most critical near-term objective, and I'm committed to making this happen. We will provide more details later on the call to this point. Now, turning to our second quarter, I'll make a few remarks on our overall result, and then cover our performance by business. Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide an update on our financial results and our guidance for the full year. After that, we'll open the call to your questions. A quick recap of our second quarter results shows, sales for the quarter were $3.9 billion, which was down 1%. Net income was $191.4 million, down 2%. And earnings per share were $1.28 in line with the second quarter of last year. Total sales in the quarter included a 2% benefit from acquisitions spread across our Automotive, Industrial and Office businesses, and you'll hear more on our acquisition activity as we review our business results. Currency exchange was still a headwind to our overall results with the strength of the U.S. dollar versus the Canadian, Australian, New Zealand, and Mexican currencies impacting our results by approximately 1% on the revenue line and $0.01 per share in EPS. Turning to our Automotive operations, for the quarter ended June 30, our global Automotive sales were down 0.7%, and included approximate 2% benefit from acquisitions, offset by currency headwind of approximately 1.5%. Our U.S. results were down 2% in the quarter which compares to a 4% increase in the first quarter, and primarily due to the softness in demand associated with the mild winter and early spring. While we are not pleased with this deceleration, we would point out that our second quarter sales in 2012, the last year we had similar mild winter patterns, we were also down 600 basis points from the first quarter. So we have seen this pattern before and would expect to see a more normalized growth within the next few quarters as the impact of weather plays out and we execute on our growth initiatives. Our U.S. results varies widely by geographical region with our better performing markets in the Western, Southern and mountain regions of the country. The Central, Eastern, and Southwest regions of the country all underperformed. Again, we would attribute the soft results in the Central and Eastern regions till the mild winter temperatures, and this is evident in the failed transfer of weather-related goods such as batteries, heating and cooling, and ride control products, which were weak through most of the second quarter. We are pleased to report however that our batteries and air conditioning sales recovered significantly with the hot June temperatures, with both up double-digits. In the Southwest, we remain challenged by the ongoing negative impact of the oil and gas sector on fleet and general installer (06:38) business. Same-store sales for our U.S. company-owned store group were flat in the second quarter, and this compares to a 3.6% increase in the first quarter. The cadence of the quarter saw our team post a low single-digit increase in April, likely bolstered by the shift in the timing of Easter, followed by a low to mid single-digit decline in May, and flat results in June. So a mixed cadence with the month of May being our most challenging month. Taking a deeper look into our same-store sales for the quarter, our commercial wholesale side of the business slightly outperformed the retail, DIY business, driving the overall flat same-store sales results. Despite the ongoing DIY initiatives across our company-owned store group, fairly weak market conditions resulted in a slight sales decrease for our company-owned retail sales. We believe however that the current market conditions will prove to be short-lived, and we remain confident in the long-term positive benefits of our retail initiatives. As a reminder, these broad initiatives include installing new interior layouts and graphics, extended store hours, increased training for our store associates, and the nationwide launch of our NAPA Rewards program to name just a few. Furthermore, we continue to expand on our retail impact initiative, which was initially piloted at 20 stores in 2015, with plans to implement this concept in 150 company-owned stores in 2016. We are encouraged by the positive impact of these initiatives at our updated stores, with early results exceeding our expectations on both the retail and commercial sides of the business. For the second quarter, our retail transaction counts were down low single-digit, while our average basket size was up low single-digit. Moving along to our core commercial wholesale business, this segment of our Automotive business was basically flat in the second quarter, which compares to a 4% increase in the first quarter. The core drivers for our commercial wholesale business continue to center (8:47) around our major accounts business, and our NAPA AutoCare Centers, and the results for these key customer groups are good measures for the weak market conditions we encountered this quarter. On the major accounts front, sales were down low single-digits, which we believe reflects the challenging sales environment these customers are seeing. Sales to our AutoCare Centers were up low-single digits, driven by the ongoing increase in memberships, now totaling over 16,400 members strong. As an additional point of reference, our fleet business was off slightly for the quarter. Our average wholesale ticket value was down slightly with no benefit from inflation, and we are flat in the average number of tickets. Turning now to our import parts business in the U.S., we continue to be encouraged by the strong underlying growth for this business. And with the added benefit of Olympus Import Parts, a $25 million business acquired this past February. We have positive momentum in this category as we enter in the second half of the year. We continue to make solid progress with the integration of the Olympus business and we are excited about the growth prospects for our import parts business overall. Given the positive attributes of this product offering, we closed on another import parts acquisition in Canada on July 1, which we'll cover a little bit later in the call. Also on the acquisition front, we are pleased to report that we closed on an Atlanta-based heavy-duty truck parts business on May 1. Global Parts operates six branches in three states, and with the expected annual revenues of approximately $20 million, it serves as a nice complement to our growing business in the heavy-duty segment of the U.S. automotive aftermarket. Moving on to the trends we are seeing across the U.S. automotive aftermarket, the fundamental drivers of our business continue to be positive. The average age of fleet remains in excess of 11 years. The size of the fleet continues to grow. Lower fuel prices remain favorable for the consumer and miles driven continues to post substantial gain. After strong growth of 3.5% in 2015, miles driven increased 2.6% in April, the most recent data available, and is up 3.7% year-to-date. April marks 26th consecutive month of increases in miles driven with lower fuel prices continuing to drive this key metric. The national average price of gasoline was $2.35 in the second quarter, well below last year, and a positive indicator for further increases in miles driven and ultimately driving additional parts purchases. Before closing out our Automotive review, we want to update you on our international businesses which includes Canada, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand. In Australia and New Zealand, our core Automotive business is performing well, and we have made significant progress with the integration of the Covs acquisition and its 21 branches in Western Australia. Likewise, we are excited by the June 1 acquisition of AMX, a Melbourne-based retailer of aftermarket, motorcycle accessories and parts, with four stores and approximate annual revenues of $12 million. Our team in Australia has a multi-year growth plan for this business, which further expands our growing product offering in the motorcycle category. With these acquisitions, our footprint in Australia and New Zealand has now grown to 527 locations, resulting in net new store growth of nearly 100 locations over the past three years. At NAPA Canada, we continue to produce low to mid single-digit sales growth despite the ongoing economic challenges associated with the oil and gas slowdown impacting Western Canada, and of course the devastating wildfires in Fort McMurray, Alberta back in May. On July 1, we closed on the acquisition of Auto-Camping, a leading distributor of original equipment import parts in Canada. Auto-Camping, with 20 locations across Canada, specializes in original equipment automotive parts for the European vehicles, and they sell to foreign repair specialists as well as original equipment dealers. This business should generate approximately $50 million in annual revenues, and much like the Olympus acquisition in the U.S., complements our existing product offering and distribution capabilities for import parts in Canada. Finally, in Mexico, our sales growth continued to gain momentum as we expand our NAPA footprint. We have 21 NAPA stores in Mexico today, and have plans for additional store growth in the future. We are encouraged by the long-term growth prospects we see for NAPA in Mexico. So in summary, the second quarter proved challenging for our U.S. Automotive business, although this was partially offset by the ongoing strength of our international operation. We believe the weakness in our U.S. sales relates to the impact of mild winter and early spring, and we expect to improve on this quarter's performance as we move ahead. Our plans call for expanding our business with our key commercial platforms, NAPA AutoCare and major accounts, executing our retail strategy, and driving global expansion via new store openings, as well as targeted strategic acquisitions. Let's turn now to our Industrial business. Motion Industries ended the quarter, down approximately 2% which compares to a 2.5% increase in the first quarter. After adjusting for acquisitions and currency, core Industrial sales were down an approximate 3%, basically unchanged from their adjusted sales decrease in the first quarter. So for the second quarter overall, our Industrial business seems to have stabilized, which is consistent with the industrial indicators we tend to follow such as the industrial production and capacity utilization. With that said, a quick review of our business by industry segment, by top customers, and by top product category shows that the markets remain uneven and choppy. Among our top 12 industry segments, three generated sales increases, seven were down, and two were essentially flat. Looking at our top 20 customers, 15 of them increased sales, while five were down consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. And among our top 12 product categories, we saw six that increased and six that were down, also consistent with the first quarter. So the takeaway here is that our results were quite mixed among our customers and product lines, with solid results in a number of areas, being offset by weaker results and others. We have been operating in this type of difficult and choppy environment since the first quarter of 2015, and as mentioned before, believe we are seeing at least some early signs of a stabilized and industrial economy. This would certainly bode well for a stronger cycle ahead. Shifting to the third quarter and the balance of the year, we will be executing on our initiatives to grow market share and further expand our distribution footprint to generate sales growth. We remain active with strategic bolt-on acquisitions for this business, and expect to close on a few of these over the balance of the year. We can tell you that effective August 1, we will close on ATCO (16:18), a regional industrial safety product distributor, with estimated revenues of approximately $20 million. Moving on now to our Electrical business, EIS, Sales for this group were down 5%, and remaining challenged by many of the same factors that impacted our Industrial business. Things such as the ongoing challenges for customers in the oil and gas segment, lower defense spending, lower copper pricing again in the quarter which cost us 1% of sales growth, the impact of the stronger dollar on our export-oriented customers, and just the overall sluggish economic climate. We're expecting to see these factors carry over to some degree for the balance of the year, but it's interesting to look at the individual performance of the three segments that comprised EIS. The Electrical segment is our largest, representing 40% of this group's revenues and sales were down low double-digits. Fabrication was down low single-digits and our wiring and cable business was up low single-digits with each representing another 30% of the EIS business. But certainly, there is room for improvement across the EIS segment and our greatest sales challenges are primarily concentrated in the electrical portion of the business. Looking ahead, our team is executing on its initiative to drive meaningful sales growth over the long-term. And finally, a few comments on the Office Products business which reported a 1% increase in sales for the second quarter, which was driven by a 5% contribution from acquisitions. Sales for the Safety Zone acquired on June 1 represents the majority of our acquisition revenues for the Office business, and we are pleased to report that the integration of this business is progressing very well. By customer group, our mid single-digit growth in the mega channel was partially offset by a mid single-digit decline with our independent resellers. On the Products side, the facilities and breakroom supplies category, or FBS, performed very well in the quarter, while the Office Products segment category was down low single-digits. Furniture was down mid single-digits and technology products were down low double-digits. We continue to make solid progress on our acquisition strategy and the overall diversification of this business with a heavy emphasis on the growing FBS category. As previously announced, we acquired certain janitorial and sanitation business from Rochester Midland Corporation effective July 1. We expect this business to further enhance our FBS product offering and contribute approximately $20 million in annual revenues. Our Office team will continue to look for these types of strategic bolt-on acquisitions, as well as execute on our ongoing share of wallet and market share initiatives to grow this business despite the challenging end market conditions that persist in this industry. We are confident in our growth strategy and look forward to showing more progress over the balance of the year. So that is an overview of our performance by business, and we want to thank our teams across all of our businesses for their efforts day-in and day-out. We appreciate all that they do to make GPC the great company that it is. So at this point, I'd also want to come back to my earlier comment that reinvigorating our sales growth is our number one priority. During this call, we talked a great deal about our sales environment and the execution of our initiatives to drive sales growth. And I thought it might be helpful to pull it all together and outline a few of the key action steps we are taking to achieve this goal. The four building blocks of our growth strategy are comprised of the following: the execution of fundamental initiatives to drive a greater share of wallet with our existing customer base; an aggressive and disciplined acquisition strategy focused both on geographical as well as product line expansion; the building out of our digital capabilities across all four of our businesses; and the further expansion of our U.S. and international store footprint. We are confident that our intense focus in these four key areas will positively impact our sales and support the steady and consistent growth we strive to achieve at Genuine Parts Company. Now, I'll hand it over to Carol who will provide a financial update and a full year guidance. Carol?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Paul, and congratulations on your promotion to CEO. It is certainly well deserved and we look forward to the execution of your key sales strategies. And, Tom, I would also like to thank you for your tremendous leadership of the company and, on a more personal level, your guidance and counsel over the years. We will begin this morning with a review of our financials and look at the second quarter income statement and segment information, and then, we'll finish up with a review of a few key balance sheet items. Our total revenues of $3.9 billion for the second quarter were down 1%. Our gross profit for the second quarter was 29.9%, which was equal to the prior year. Our management teams are focused on the effective execution of our gross margin initiatives, and we remain committed to an enhanced gross margin for the long term. The pricing environment across our businesses remains relatively steady, with very little supplier inflation, if any. Our cumulative supplier price changes through six months in 2016 were Automotive down 0.7%, Industrial up 0.2%, Office up 0.2% and Electrical down 1.3%. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses for the second quarter were $865 million or 22.2% of sales, which is up slightly from last year, primarily due to this lower sales levels for the quarter. This was partially offset by our tight cost control measures which continue to positively impact our results and drive our progress towards greater operational efficiencies. Now, if we look at the results by segment, our Automotive revenue for the second quarter of $2.1 billion was down 1% from the prior year and 53% of total sales. Our operating profit of $204 million is down 2% and the operating margin for this group is 9.7% compared to 9.9% in the second quarter last year. Our Industrial sales of $1.2 billion in the quarter were a decrease of 1.7% and 30% of our total revenues. Our operating profit of $88 million is down 0.7% and our operating margin is up 10 basis points to 7.6% which is driven by a nice gross margin improvement (23:07). Office Products revenues were $482 million in the second quarter, up 1% and 12% of our total revenues. Our operating profit of $33 million is down 5% and our operating margin is 6.8% compared to 7.2% last year. For the Electrical Group, our sales were $185 million in the quarter, down 5% in the prior year and also 5% of our total revenue. Operating profit of $16 million is down 14% and the margin for this group is 8.7% compared to 9.5% last year or down 80 basis points. So for the second quarter, our total operating profit margin was 8.7% compared to 8.9% in the second quarter last year. This basically reflects the lack of leverage as mentioned earlier. With that said, we are intensely focused on showing progress in this area in the periods ahead. We had net interest expense of $4.7 million in the quarter, and for the full year, we currently expect net interest of $20 million to $21 million. Our total amortization expense of $9.2 million for the second quarter, and we would expect our total amortization expense for the full year to be $36 million to $38 million. Our depreciation expense was $26.7 million for the quarter and for the full year, we project total depreciation to approximate $110 million to $120 million. So our combined depreciation and amortization was $36 million for the second quarter, and we would expect the combined number to be in the range of $145 million to $160 million for the full year. The other line which primarily reflects our corporate expense was $26.5 million for the quarter compared to $24.8 million last year. For the full year, we still expect corporate expense to be in the $110 million to $120 million range. Our tax rate for the second quarter was approximately 36.2% compared to 37% in the second quarter last year. The reduction in the rate is due to a higher mix of foreign earnings as well as a favorable non-taxable retirement plan valuation adjustment compared to last year. We expect this rate to show a slight increase in the last half of the year, but we are projecting our full year rate to be 36.3% to 36.8%. Our net income for the quarter, as Paul mentioned, was $191.4 million compared to $195.4 million last year, and our EPS of $1.28 was equal to last year. Now, turning to the balance sheet, we continue to further strengthen our balance sheet with effective working capital management and strong cash flows. Our cash at June 30 was $234 million, up slightly from June of last year. Our cash position continues to support the growth initiatives across all of our businesses. Accounts receivable of $2 billion at June 30 was up 1% from the prior year, and we continue to closely manage our receivables and remain satisfied with our quality at this time. Our inventory at the end of the quarter was $3.1 billion, which is actually down 3% when you exclude the impact of our acquisitions in the last 12 months. Our team continues to effectively manage our inventory levels and will continue to maintain this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward. Our accounts payable at June 30 was $3.1 billion, up 12% from last year, due to improved payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors. We're encouraged by the positive impact of accounts payable on our working capital and also our days in payables, and we would add that our AP to inventory ratio at June 30 reached 100% for the first time. Our working capital of $1.5 billion at June 30 continues to show steady improvement from quarter to quarter and is down nicely from the prior year. Effectively managing our working capital and, in particular, key items such as accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable remain a high priority for our company. Our total debt is $775 million at June 30 compares to $850 million in total debt last year, and this includes two $250 million term notes, as well as another $275 million in borrowings, under our revolving line of credit. We would also add that one of our term notes is due November 30 of this year, and we currently intend to renew it upon the due date. Our total debt to capitalization is approximately 19%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We believe that it provides the company with both the flexibility and financial capacity necessary to take advantage of the growth opportunities that we may want to pursue. So in summary, our balance sheet is in excellent condition and remains a key strength of our company. We continue to generate strong cash flows, and following a record year in 2015, we remain well-positioned for another solid year in 2016. We continue to expect cash from operations to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range for the full year, and our free cash flow which deducts capital expenditures and dividends to be in the $400 million to $450 million range. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our priorities for cash includes strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, reinvestment in our businesses, and the dividend. Our strategic acquisitions remained an ongoing and important use of cash for us, and they're integral to our growth plans. Through July 1 of this year, we've added a number of new businesses across our Automotive, Industrial, and Office operations. These are excellent strategic fit for us and collectively, we expect these acquisitions to generate approximately $450 million in annual revenues. Looking forward, we will continue to seek additional acquisition opportunities across all of our distribution businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. We'll continue to target those bolt-on acquisitions of companies with annual revenues in the $25 million to $150 million range. But we're also open-minded to new complementary distribution businesses of all sizes, large or small, assuming the appropriate returns on investments. Turning to share repurchases, we purchased 765,000 shares in the second quarter and 1.3 million shares for the six months. To-date, we have 4.9 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we expect to remain active in the program and the periods ahead and we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and, combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. Our investment in capital expenditures was $38 million in the second quarter and is $50 million through June. For the year, we're currently planning for capital expenditures to be in the range of $120 million to $140 million, so we expect CapEx to increase slightly over the balance of the year due to the timing of several large projects. Turning to our dividend, our 2016 dividend is $2.63 per share or a 7% increase in the prior year dividend of $2.46. 2016 also marked our 60th consecutive annual increase in the dividend. So that concludes our financial update for the second quarter 2016 and, in summary, our non-Automotive businesses continue to operate in a challenging sales environment. And in the second quarter, our U.S. Automotive sales were impacted by rather weak conditions. Fortunately, we see these as transitory issues and we look forward to improving conditions as we move ahead. Additionally, we continue to benefit from strong performances in our international automotive operations. For the quarter, we offset some of the market headwinds with key sales initiatives, steady gross margins, and tight expense cost controls. In addition, we further improved the strength of our balance sheet and cash flows with effective working capital management. As we execute on our growth plans, progress in these fundamental areas supports our ongoing investment in opportunities such as acquisitions as well as the return of capital to our shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. Now, turning to our guidance for the full year. On the revenue side, we are maintaining our guidance for total sales to be at plus 1% to plus 2% for the full year. Among our business segments, we are maintaining our Automotive sales guidance at plus 2% to plus 3% for the full year, and we're increasing our Office guidance for sales to be plus 2% to plus 3% from the original amount of down 1% to up 1%. We are lowering our Industrial sales to flat to up 1% from the previous plus 1% to plus 2%, and we're reducing the Electrical sales outlook to down 2% to down 3% from the previous up 1% to up 2%. This sales outlook includes all acquisitions that have closed through July 1 as well as the ATCO (32:39) Industrial acquisition that Paul mentioned earlier. On the earnings side, we are updating our earnings guidance to be $4.70 to $4.75 from the previous range of $4.70 to $4.80 for the full year. So this completes our prepared remarks, and we would just close by saying thank you to all of our GPC associates for their continued hard work and commitment to the success of GPC. Paul, I'll turn it back over to you.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Carol. A good update on the quarter. So without a doubt, we are experiencing a challenging quarter, and frankly, it has been a challenging six months. But as you can tell from our guidance, we are planning for an improved second half to the year, and our teams are energized to execute on the action steps we outlined earlier. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the quarters ahead. So now, we'll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks a lot. Good morning.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And Tom, all the best to you as you continue to move forward. I have two sets of questions. The first relates to the Automotive business. It was interesting that you talked about June being flat compared to April up slightly even as some of the weather-sensitive businesses really popped with some of the heat that we saw in parts of the country. So can you talk about what's transpiring with other categories and how weather-related softness away from the areas like batteries might be, just sort of how we got to flat rather than an increase with some of the weather businesses surging late in the quarter?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: And are you referencing specifically the month of June, Matt?
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I believe so. I'm talking about the cadence that you...
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: ...spelled out where I think April was up low singles, May down low to mid singles, and June flat. I believe that related to your same-store sales number, though I'm not sure.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. So product-related movement we're seeing is, certainly, batteries were soft in the quarter. Ride control was soft in the quarter. However, we saw a slowing in our brakes business in the quarter, which we attribute some of that, we believe, to some of our brakes business probably moved into the first quarter given the warmer temps. On the plus side, we're continuing to see nice growth out of our import lines. We're seeing nice growth out of our tool and equipment categories, but unfortunately, they weren't enough to offset some of the softness we saw in the other categories.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And as we're 20 or so days into a new quarter, any sense of how the current run rate compares to what you saw in June?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. I would have to tell you July – Matt, even though we're only a couple of weeks in and it's looking a lot like June. It's choppy is the best way I think I could describe it. The hot weather has to be a benefit to us and we believe with the continuing warm temps we're seeing across the country will be a benefit to us. And related to that, we are seeing those products that are related to the hot temps, products like batteries, products like rotating electrical, and our AC is picking up. So that's why we're cautiously optimistic about the second half of the year.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then, my second question relates to Industrial, and specifically to the margin trends within that business. Historically, the gross was within Industrial, I believe were largely volume-driven and tied closely to volume rebates. You had a quarter where I think the volumes were not quite up to your expectations. The margins was quite good. And, Carol, on the call, you cited gross margins within that business. So any sense of the margin dynamics beneath the surface in Industrial, please.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I guess, and you're exactly right, we certainly have headwinds on the volume incentives in that business. What we've been pleased to see is for the first six months of the year, Industrial's core gross margin has improved, and that's due to a lot of things that they put in place over the last 18 months or so, and it's both on the buy side and the sell side. And those things have been put in place, and it helped (37:19) their gross profit. We had, for the six months, a slight decrease in their volume incentives, but they were flat in the quarter. And additionally, on the SG&A side, they've adjusted their cost structure to be more in line with the revenues. So it's the combination of those things. So I would say that we're really pleased to see what they did in Q2. And we are expecting a slightly better second half for the Industrial business on the top-line. So hopefully, we can maintain that slight margin improvement as we finish out the year.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it and understood. Thank you so much, guys.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks a lot and good morning and best of luck, Tom.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Seth.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman: Thank you, Seth.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: First question is just on the difference regionally between – well, within the Auto Parts business. If you could provide some color as to how the regions performed through the quarters, the delta between the Central and Eastern, as well as the rest of the business, say from April, May relative to June.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. It's a bit like we saw in the previous quarter, Seth, the cold weather in the Northern division. So I called out specifically the Central and the Northeast. The delta between those businesses and some of our Southern businesses, our Southeastern, even down into Florida Atlantic, even out West, was a significant gap, we're talking close to 400 basis points, 500 basis points gap between those that are performing well and those that are continuing to be challenged.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. So that's 400-basis-point to 500-basis-point gap. Was that for the full quarter? Or do you see that gap narrow as you moved into June with the weather improvement?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: No. That was full quarter.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. And did the gap narrow in June?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Not – it's not much. We're pretty consistent throughout the quarter in both the Northern divisions as well as those warmer weather divisions.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, second question is just on major accounts, a slowdown there in major accounts. Can you provide any color on that maybe like you have done for the Industrial large customers, how many up or down or what's driving the slowdown in major accounts, do you lose customers? Just any other color will be helpful there.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. We stay close to our major customers, as you would imagine, Seth, and have a lot of conversations. Not all of them are down, but I would tell you that we have seen a drop in their business. We discussed with them often how their business is trending. Their tire sales have been challenged and those big tire guys that we do business with. So again, I don't think boy, I can tell you we haven't lost any of our big major customers, and I don't believe we're losing share in any of our major customers. I would tell you that I think our business is the reflection of their business. And I would also share, Seth, that as we look at the Automotive aftermarket, in general, we have had many top-to-top meetings with many of our big suppliers here in recent weeks and months. We do have constant dialogue with our major accounts at our NAPA AutoCare Centers. And again, that sluggishness that we experienced in our numbers, what we hear is all of those parties that we're discussing with it are seeing similar results.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Understood. Best of luck for improvement in the second half.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks, Seth.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Hey. Thanks. I want to follow up a little bit on the Industrial business and then SG&A. Paul, you mentioned some signs of stability in the Industrial business, although if you think about the number of categories that were up or down being the same as last quarter and Industrial production seems to be a little bit better than your actual sales growth or organic. What are those specific signs of stability that you're pointing to? Then I wanted to follow up with Carol.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. So if I look at the numbers, Greg, that we've seen quarter-to-quarter since back in early 2015 where our sales were declining dramatically from one quarter to the next, culminating in an 8% drop in Q4, we rebounded, if you want to call it that, to a low single-digit increase in Q1 and we've seen that again in Q2. So when I say stabilizing, it has stabilized from really the drop that we were seeing – significant drops that we were seeing in 2015. In talking to our team, our Motion business in Canada has seemed to stabilize and even is showing some slight improvement. We watch very closely our project work. And our project work – well, the projects are smaller than we would like. They're steady. And the number of projects that we see out there are steady. So we're hopeful and we're starting to see it play out in the numbers a bit at our Industrial business, which also impacts our Electrical that has bottomed out. And hopefully, we'll see a better second half.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Great. And Carol, what was the thing helping you to actually take down SG&A dollars? I mean you did it in the first quarter and in the second quarter. Can we assume that SG&A dollars are down in the back half as well?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I guess there's a lot of activities going on across all of our businesses. We said that each business, a lot of our investments are in technology and productivity. So as we can put in some of these efficiencies, we would be improving our volume per employee, so certainly, looking at efficiencies in distribution centers. Also, you're just adjusting your cost structure to a different level of revenue. So on the Industrial side, and looking at some of their facilities, and looking at their operations, and making adjustments to, say, where we're not going to have business in certain areas and possibly we need to go from three branches to two branches. And so, I think it's a number of projects going on. Our Automotive folks have done a very good job on SG&A, and even with a little softer Q2, they still have some SG&A improvement. So we would expect it to continue. We need to have a little bit better second half, which we're forecasting on the revenue and we would expect these things to stay in place, yes.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: That's great. Good luck.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Greg. Operator. Thank you. We'll take our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I had a couple of questions on Industrial. A few of your competitors seem to have referenced furloughs and plant shutdown. Have you seen anything similar or any reason why your customer mix might not be feeling the same headwinds?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: We have, Chris. We're seeing certainly some of the same things I think our competitors and other folks in the industrial world are seeing. If we look at specifically some of the big oil and gas producers which has a big impact on not just our Industrial business, but our Automotive as well. The thought is that and it appears that some of the large oil producers are set to weather their storm. But many of the small oil producers are going under, and I don't know that that's going to change much going forward.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. And then, taking all the context, I mean a 3% organic decline really isn't that bad. Do you think relative to your performance to peers, like what do you think is driving that right now? Is it your maintenance mix versus new equipment? Are there any current growth drivers that you've added that are allowing to take share right now? Like, what are you seeing in that business?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, certainly, Chris, some of the new focus product category that we have gotten into in recent years, products like industrial supply, safety supply, material handling equipment, those products and product lines are performing well, and actually, are generating increases year-over-year. Where we're seeing some of the pressure is on the traditional industrial products, hydraulics, bearings, power transmission. But I think that much like our strategy in our Office Products business, as we segue into new categories, growth categories, that's certainly helping our numbers.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Then, actually, one last follow-up related to that. In terms of Office, I mean obviously, you've done a nice job of diversifying into jan/san and some other growth categories. But what are your core, like, technology office products? How are those performing right now? And is there a point in time where you see that business becomes less of a headwind to your consolidated Office number?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. Our tech products – our tech categories were down in the quarter, Chris. And our team is, certainly, focused on getting that back in the plus column, but for now, that is a – our tech business is a bit of a headwind. Our strategy is I think we've articulated in the past is continuing to drive our overall Office Products business more into the facility, breakroom safety product categories. You're seeing that with most of the acquisitions that we've completed of late, certainly, the most recent being the Safety Zone and the division of Rochester Midland. So we believe that that tech headwind will become less and less of a factor as we move forward.
Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Got you. Okay, cool. Thank you for the help (48:01).
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: You're welcome. Thank you.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Elizabeth Suzuki from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. If we look at organic revenue growth backing out the FX impact and positive contribution from acquisitions, every business segment was down year-over-year and for Auto, it sounds like you attributed that to weather specifically. Is there anyway to quantify what that growth would have been if weather had been consistent year-over-year and is mid-single-digit growth for the second half of the year achievable for that business?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: I'm sorry, Elizabeth. Are you referring specifically to Automotive or across all four?
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: To Auto specifically.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Okay. So Auto, in the first half of the year, our core Automotive business was actually up 1% and our expectation is that in the second half of the year that we are going to generate low to mid-single-digit growth in our core Automotive business and that does not include the potential assistance we'll get from acquisitions.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: And Elizabeth, if you were to ask me as a follow-up, so how do you intend to do that, I would tell you that we're still very focused on our core initiatives in Automotive. While the quarter was certainly not up to our expectations, by no means are we in a panic mode and going to shift our focus, we have terrific opportunities to continue to grow our retail sales. We are rolling out our top store initiative which will, as mentioned in my comments, will total 150 stores in 2016. We'll reinvigorate our business in our NAPA AutoCare Center, and then, new distribution will be a factor as well. So we're confident we'll drive the kind of numbers that we talked about in the second half.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And do you think without the weather impact, the second quarter might have seen that kind of low single-digit growth in core for Auto?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: One can only assume, Elizabeth. If you look at our first quarter, certainly, we were there. If you look at our previous number of quarters, certainly, we were there. So Q2, we believe, is an outlier, and again, I think that the key initiatives that our team is focused on will get our business back on track in the second half of the year.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks very much.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move on to Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning and congrats, Tom, on all your success as a CEO over the year and Paul, congrats to you and good fortune to you as you move forward as CEO as well.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Chris.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: A couple of follow-up questions at this point. So you talked about June flat, July choppy, like June flattish. What's still soft, if you're seeing some of the weather-sensitive business pop, what categories continue to be a drag in performance?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. As we saw in the second quarter, Chris, it's still some of those same core lines. It's ride control. It's brake business. Our brake business, we have been on a tremendous run over the last six quarters to eight quarters in our brake business, and we're seeing that tail off just a bit. Again, there is nothing that we have fundamentally changed. We haven't raised prices. We haven't changed product categories. So those big categories, ride control, brakes, that's where we're seeing some of the softness which we're certainly trying to outrun with the growth that we're seeing in tool and equipment, imports, and in our temp related businesses.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And so as you – I guess, do we have to wait around for – because it sounds like some of that's like, it's corrosion from the winter that didn't happen, it's potholes that didn't happen. And so do we have to wait around for the winter to see improvements like – forget your initiatives, but maybe just the industry growth rates, do you have to wait around for the winter to see improvements in those categories or is it – does 2012 suggest that, well, the further you get away, that drag mitigates and you can start to see growth, and maybe later in the third quarter in those businesses?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: I think you're spot on, Chris, with that comment. I referenced in my prepared remarks, what we saw back in 2012, and I do believe that will be the case. But I can assure you our team is not sitting on the sideline, they have a tremendous sense of urgency. No panic, but a tremendous sense of urgency working with our good customers out in the field, certainly working closely with our AutoCare Centers to understanding where they need our support, how we can help them grow their business. So we are intensely focused on getting our growth curve back going in the right direction in Q3, Q4. And as we have projected on our numbers, we do believe that that will be the case.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just to clarify, you mean, as the further you get away from the winter, you can start to see growth as you proceed through the year. You don't have to wait for winter weather to reinvigorate those businesses.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: That's correct. That's correct.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on July, someone asked about the regional differences in June, is the July acceleration in some of those weather-sensitive categories more focused in the Northern tier of the country?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: I think it's maybe just a bit early to go there, Chris. You had the July 4 holiday where we lost essentially a week. I think it might be a bit early to go there, but I will tell you that the hot temps that we're seeing, heck, I heard St. Louis is supposed to be 100 degrees-plus. That goes across the Northeast. That's going to drive business, and it's going to drive certainly those temp-related products. There's just no two ways about it. We've seen it in the past, and I don't think 2016 will be any different.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then one last clarifying question to your response. When you say, sort of July looks like June, there's no negative calendar impact in there. You're sourcing on the days adjusted business, (54:55) business looks similar, right?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Correct. Yes, sir.
Christopher Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: All right. Thanks, Chris.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our next question from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Congrats, Tom and Paul. Welcome and look forward to working with you as we move forward.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Tony.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to talk a little bit more about the initiatives you have in place to sort of drive the sales growth, and you laid out some of those related to auto. But if you look across your four segments, and then identify the four sort of buckets that you attempt, whether it's (54:35) or acquisition, or digital, or expansion of footprint, can you sort of maybe give some more color of how you would align each one, and where the most opportunity along those four buckets would be for each one?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, certainly, we're looking at strategic acquisitions, Tony, in every single one of our businesses, and I think that in 2016 we've had impactful acquisitions in three of our four businesses. We have activity going in, in all four, but we have closed on deals in Industrial, Office, and of course Automotive. As it relates to specifically expanding footprint, both domestically and internationally, that's really targeted at our Automotive businesses. And as you know, we have new distribution initiatives in place both in the U.S., Mexico, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. I mentioned earlier we've had terrific success in our GPC Asia-Pac business, and that's a business we'll continue to grow. As we look at our digital capability, that goes across all four businesses, and we're driving e-commerce initiatives across every one of our businesses. And then, of course, a greater share of wallet which really, that underpins all of our efforts. Again, that growth goes across all four businesses (57:13), and really is that what we need to drive our core growth.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And then, especially on the distribution side, are you – as you continue to cross-sell and leverage across each of the segments, some of the SG&A savings, is that perhaps coming from your ability to be more effective across your distribution at all your locations?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: We believe so, Tony. Certainly, as we look at some of the recent acquisitions, the bolt-on acquisitions that we've done, The Safety Zone would fit that category, Rochester Midland, that Jan/San acquisition, we believe we have opportunities to cross-sell and take full advantage of the structure or the infrastructure we have in place. And I would say the same as it relates to acquisitions that we've done in the automotive space, whether it'd be on our import business or our heavy-duty business. We're leveraging that structure that we've had in place for many, many years across all of our businesses.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And I think one thing I may add – Tony, one thing I may add and you said on just SG&A, we also see opportunities that come on the cost of goods sold side as well. So on these acquisitions – and we look at the product categories, we're able to take that and leverage across the organization, our total spend. So we'll see that coming from the gross margin side and the SG&A side.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: So it's just a 2016 (58:47) this continue for a period of time beyond as a result of integration and efficiency gain?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Correct.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then last one question. I just want to clarify, what was your revised guidance on the Industrial? Did you say down to flat, is that correct (59:06)?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Our Industrial is going to be flat to up 1% for our new guidance.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Flat to up. Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Flat to up 1%.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: All right. Thanks, Tony.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. How are you?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Hey, Scot.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Specifically asking about auto at this point, any change in the competitive environment worth noting? There's obviously been a lot of changes in the industry over the last, let's call it, 12 months or so. I think we also kind of generally get the weather impact given the industry's experience in 2012. But there was also a period in 2008 and 2009 where your Auto business started to significantly lag the performance of a bunch of your peers. And if I remember right, it was a function of uncompetitive pricing in a couple of categories. In fact, it may have even been ride control, now that I think about it. So any change overall in the competitive environment? And then also specifically on your pricing relative to the market. Thanks.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. So I would say this, Scot, on the first question as it relates to our competition, we have not seen any major shift in the competitive landscape. I think pricing remains sane across all of our competitors. Look, everybody is scratching and clawing for market share in a challenging environment, but we've not seen any major shift across our key competitors. As it relates to our pricing by product or pricing by product category, I recall quite well your reference to 2008 and 2009, and that did occur and we did adjust, and I think we certainly benefited from it. We don't see anywhere, at this point, where we're an outlier in a particular product category. Our guys do price jobs on a very regular basis. We get input from the field on a daily and weekly basis, both from our stores as well as our independent owners. And there is always the occasional tweak we make here and there based on the competitive landscape, but now I would say, generally we are not seeing any significant change in the competitive landscape.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And Paul, can you remind us how you did wind up in the pricing quandary that you did back in 2008, 2009 because I thought you guys were doing kind of a price scans and competitive pricing general check, if you will, back then as well. I'm just wondering how it wound up gaining (01:01:56) so skewed relative to the market.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yeah. So I joined the Automotive Parts Group, Scot, in 2009. And if I recall, the shift that occurred, and maybe we were a bit slow on the trigger, was our competitors dropped the prices, and certainly, our retail competitors dropped their prices specifically. We ultimately regrouped, reacted and the business bounced right back, but when I joined in 2009, we were on our way out of that.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. Okay. Very helpful, guys. Thanks a lot.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: All right. Thank you.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bret Jordan with Jefferies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Hey, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Congratulations to Tom and Paul also.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: You called out the energy market as another region that had some softness, and is that specifically Texas and Oklahoma? Does it spread any further around that range? And then maybe could you compare, you said maybe 400 basis points or 500 basis points spread between the north and the central in the Northeastern markets, versus a strong market comp, could you tell us maybe how the energy market comp compared to the average also?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. So when we look at our energy-related market, Bret, certainly, the first place everybody goes is Texas, Oklahoma and I get that. And certainly, that has been impacted, no doubt, and continues to be. And that's not just in Automotive, we see that in Industrial as well. But we also see it in the fracking regions. So we see it in portions of the Mountain Division. We see it in Montana, Dakotas a bit. We see it in Pennsylvania where fracking was blowing and going here a couple of years ago. And in addition, we also see it up in the oil sands in Canada, certainly Alberta has been a headwind for both our Automotive business in Canada as well as our Industrial business. So yes, not just Oklahoma and Texas, I wish it was. And then – I'm sorry, Bret, your second question related to the Northern division gap between their numbers and our warmer weather?
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: I was just going to ask you to compare your energy weakness to the rest of the market. You said that the Northern and Northeastern was 400 basis points or 500 basis points spread. I was wondering, if you could sort of give us a feeling for how bad the energy market was relative to average also.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's actually – if we focus in on your opening comments there, Texas, Oklahoma are very similar. It's that 400-basis point or 500-basis point gap. I mentioned Mountain as one of our better performing divisions. So we're able to overcome some of the shortfall in the Dakotas with some strong performance in the Denver area, for instance, that have made up for that.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then a final question, you talked a couple of times about air conditioning or temperature-related products being up double-digits. Are in-stock levels fine there, is demand exceeding supply, or is everything okay in the inventory?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. I will tell you, Bret, on the inventory comment, we are looking at our inventories across our entire business. We have a new predictive modeling engine that we've put into place, and we're looking at our inventories, and especially in some of the categories where we're challenged, and we are pumping up our inventories in some of those categories. Our AC products, we have not had an issue at least that I'm aware of at this point. I think we're well-positioned as we race head long into the back half of the summer.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: All right. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take our final question from Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian C. Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Hi, Tom. Hi, Paul. Congratulations to you both.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman: Thank you, Brian.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Brian.
Brian C. Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Two real quick ones. Carol, another great job on working capital. Was any portion of that attributable to changes in currency?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No. Well, there was – our currency-neutral numbers were smaller this quarter than they have been in the past. But the bulk of that working capital improvement is just coming from accounts payable, and it's broadly all of the segments quite honestly. And then, really, where we saw a nice improvement this quarter was inventory. We had about $85 million source of cash from our inventories this quarter, and that was – a lot of that came from Automotive. So we were pleased to see additional improvement coming out of inventory, and we feel like we'll have some more in the back half.
Brian C. Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. That's great and encouraging. And then just on getting my numbers right for the NAPA comps, company-owned stores were down 2% in the U.S. Were they down international?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: They were actually up international.
Brian C. Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We had said they were up. So I think Canada was low single-digits, and Australia, New Zealand was mid single-digits.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: And Brian just to clarify one point, you mentioned our company-owned stores, our company-owned stores same-store sales were flat in the quarter. Overall, our Automotive was down 2%, U.S. automotive.
Brian C. Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: That's why I asked. Okay. Great. Well, thank you very much and good luck in the coming months.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks very much, Brian.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: And we'll now take our follow-up question from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Sorry to prolong the call, but I just had felt the need to follow up on Brian's last question. If we think about that delta between the flat comp in the U.S. and the total down 2%, is that lower sell in to the franchise stores or to the network, or some other factor driving that decline?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: No, you've got it. That's exactly it, Matt.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Any sense of their sell-through relative to that decline, or was it that tough to depot back an inventory because that's a bit of a different pace of business from what you're seeing at the company-owned stores?
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: It is. Our independent owners are competing just fine in the marketplace. I don't think there's anything specific to our big independent owners. They did do a little bit of an inventory build towards the end of Q1, which may have had an impact. But no, we don't see, we certainly don't see anything different happening on the independent side from our company-owned stores.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. Thank you so much.
Paul D. Donahue - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for additional and closing remarks.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we would like to thank everyone for participating in today's call, and we look forward to reporting out with our third quarter results. And once again, we like to thank Tom Gallagher for all of his leadership over the last 46 years, and wish Paul all the best. So thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - Vice President Investor Relations Tom Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Donahue - President Carol Yancey - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Mark Becks - JP Morgan Elizabeth Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Bret Jordan - Jefferies Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company first quarter 2016 conference call to discuss our earnings results and he outlook for the full year. Before we begin, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Sid, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer are both on the call as well. And each of has a few prepared comments and once completed, we'll look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our first quarter 2016 results, and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3.718 billion, which was down one half of 1%. Net income was $158 million, which was down 1.9% and earnings per share were $1.05 this year, which was even with the $1.05 reported in the first quarter of last year. Once again this quarter, currency exchange was a headwind to all of our results. The impact of the strength of the US dollar versus the Canadian, Australian, New Zealand and Mexican currencies was 1.6% on the revenue line and $0.01 per share in earnings per share. Stated another way in constant currency sales were up 1.1% and EPS was up 1%. While a bit better than the reported results, we still find ourselves revenue challenged primarily in our non-Automotive businesses and this is clearly pointed out if we look at the results by segment without currency impact. In constant currency our Automotive business was up 4.4%, industrial was down 1.7%, Office Products was down 2.5% and Electrical was down 3.4%. So the difference between our Automotive operations and our remaining three segments is quite pronounced and Paul will cover the Automotive segment in a few minutes. At first I’ll make a few comments on the non-Automotive businesses starting with industrial. Motion industries ended the quarter down 2.5% on a reported basis and down 1.7% in constant currency. And although we continued to run decreases in this segment, we are just a bit encouraged by these results for two reasons. First, the first quarter of 2015 was our strongest quarter of the year at plus 3% and secondly, our Q1 2016 decrease was a smallest decrease that we’ve seen in several quarters. Additionally our mid mine [ph] paper results are modestly positive and hopefully this is something that we can maintain as we move forward in the month and in the quarters ahead. However, it is important to point out that if you look at our performance by industry segment, by tough customers and by tough product categories, it shows just how uneven and choppy our business continues to be. If we look at our top 12 industry segments, first we have six that are up and six that are down. On the positive side in no order our lumber and wood products, boot products, cement, chemicals and automotive. On the down side we have, oil and gas, equipment and machinery, iron and steel and equipment rental and leasing. Our top 20 customers are actually up low single digit, with 15 of these customers running positive results thus far, but five are down. In our top 12 product categories, six are up and six are down. So as you can see, it’s a real mixture with solid results in a number of areas being offset by weaker results in other areas. And all of this in our opinion is reflected of the tepid state of the economy both domestically and globally. But this is the environment that we’ll face for a bit longer and we’ll try to offset this with a combination of specific market share initiatives and acquisitions. Moving on to EIS, our Electrical distribution segment, this group ended the quarter down 3% and some of the same factors that impacted our industrial business were headwinds for the Electrical segment as well. Things like the ongoing challenges for customers in the oil and gas segment, lower defense spending, lower corporate pricing again in the quarter which caused just over 1% in sales growth. The impact of the stronger dollar on our export oriented customers and the overall sluggish economic climate. And these factors we think will persist for a bit longer, but it’s interesting to look at the individual performances of the three segments that comprise EIS. You may recall that the Electrical segment is our largest representing about 40% of the total company revenue, fabrication and wire and cable each represent about 30% and in general fabrication and wire and cable both had positive results in the quarter, but Electrical was down mid-teens. So our challenges are primarily concentrated in the Electrical portion of the business and our folks are working hard to turn this segment around, while at the same time working to maintain the positive results in the fabrication and wire and cable segments. And finally a few comments on Office Products. As reported earlier this segment was down 3% in the quarter with mid single digit growth in the mega channel being offset by high single digit decline with our independent resellers. On the product side, the facility breakroom supply category turned in the strongest results ending the quarter with a high single digit increase and we continue to be pleased with our growth in this segment. The furniture category was even followed by a slight decline in Office Products and a low double digit decrease in technology products. Putting it all together, we’re making good progress in areas like facility and breakroom, overall end market conditions remain challenging for our Office Products team and they’re working hard on share of wallet and market share initiatives across their product categories and their customer base. Additionally, they’re continuing to work on diversifying their business through new product additions and the opening of new sales channels. And we hope to report in the next call that we were able to close on a strategic acquisition later this quarter that will further bolster their diversification efforts. So that’s a quick overview of our non-Automotive businesses and at this moment we’ll ask Paul to cover the Automotive operations. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Tom. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter conference call. I'm pleased to be with you today and to have the opportunity to provide you an update on the first quarter performance of our Automotive business. For the quarter ending March 31, our global Automotive sales were up 2% year-over-year. This performance consists of approximately 4.5% in total Automotive growth which includes an approximately 1% benefit from acquisitions. However, this was offset by a currency headwind of approximately 2.5% in the first quarter. Our U.S. team posted a 4% sales increase in the first quarter, an improved performance from the 2% growth we reported in the fourth quarter and the 3% growth we experienced for the full year of 2015. Turning to our international business, which include Canada, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand, this group once again reported another quarter of mid single digit growth in their local currency. Despite challenging local economies, especially in Australia and Canada, we remain encouraged by the consistent mid single digit growth we are experiencing across all of these international markets. In the U.S., our results varied widely by geographical region and product category. Geographically our business in the Florida, Atlantic and Western regions of the country all out performed in the quarter. On the other hand the Central, the Eastern, Midwestern regions of the country all under performed. We would attribute the warmer than average temperatures experienced across the Northern states in February and March is having a negative impact on our business in that region of the country. And as we look at our winter related goods, we saw a similar trend in sales. After experiencing double digit growth in January, our battery business was flat in both February and March. Again we believe warmer than normal weather patterns impacted this segment of our business. So now let's turn to our same-store sales for the first. Our U.S. company-owned store grew same-store sales in the first quarter by 3.6% The cadence of the quarter saw our team post solid results in January with sales moderating somewhat in February and March. is compares to the 3% comp store increase we reported through nine months. Again we would attribute a good bit of this slowdown to the weather as well as the impact from Easter week moving from April in ‘15 to March in 2016. This quarter's 3.6% same-store sales increase compared to a plus 2% in the fourth quarter and was driven by a combination of increases on both our commercial wholesale side of the business as well as by our retail business. So let's start with our retail results. As mentioned in previous calls, we continue to expand or revamp DIY initiatives across our company-owned store group. As a reminder these initiatives include installing new interior layouts and graphics, extending our store hours, increased training for our store associates, and the nationwide launch of our NAPA Rewards Program to name just a few. We are still early in the process, but we can report the results we’ve seen thus far outpacing our expectations. As previously announced, we’re expanding our initial 20-store pilot which we tested in 2015 to include an additional 150 company-owned stores in 2016. These initiatives are having a positive impact on our results. And for the first quarter, we can report a total increase of 3% in our retail business. And we couple this 3% increase with the 6% increase we posted in the first quarter of 2015, it gets us to two-year stack of plus 9%. Our retail initiatives are driving increased transaction accounts and in quarter one, we again saw a significant jump in the number of retail tickets. We can also report a low single digit increase in our average basket size for the quarter. Moving along to our core commercial wholesale business, this segment of our Automotive business posted a 4% increase in the first quarter, an improvement over the 2% increase we generated in the fourth quarter of 2015. The core drivers for our commercial wholesale business continued to center around our Major Account business as well as our NAPA AutoCare centers. We had a strong quarter with our 16,000 plus AutoCare customers as this business trended up mid to high single digit. On the Major Account front, our team drove sales increases in line with our overall Automotive growth for the quarter. We were also encouraged by the slight improvement in our fleet business, which was up 2% for the quarter and an improvement over the 1% increase we posted in Q4 of 2015. And voluntarily we are working really hard to gain some positive momentum with this important customer group. Our average wholesale ticket value was up low single digit with no benefits from inflation. We were flat in the average number of tickets, although our first quarter performance was improved over a downward trend we’ve seen in recent quarters. So, earlier in my comments, I mentioned our battery business, so now let’s take a look at a few of other product categories and review the trends we experienced in the first quarter. Our brakes business was a highlight again in the first quarter. This category grew low double digits in the quarter and we can also report solid growth in both our tool and equipment business, as well as our filtration business. We are especially pleased to see the growth in our big filter [ph] business. This key product category came under pressure last year as our industrial, energy and our fleet business softened. We hope to continue this trend as the year progresses. We continue to be encouraged with the strong growth we are experiencing from our NAPA Import Parts business. Our underlying Import Parts business was up high single digits in the quarter before the added benefit of Olympus Import Parts, a $25 million business we acquired just past February. We can report good progress with the integration of the Olympus business and we will continue to search for additional acquisitions in this growing segment of the aftermarket. We would also like to update you on the closing of our Covs Parts acquisition on March 1st. As you may recall, we announced in February that we received approval to acquire 21 of their 25 branches. This allows our Asia-Pac business to further expand its market presence and scale in Western Australia. This is an important strategic acquisition for the Asia-Pac team and we expect Covs to generate additional annual revenues of approximately 70 million in US dollars. On the acquisition front, we are encouraged by the ever increasing level of activity in all geographical regions and in all segments of our Automotive business. We are pleased to report today, we will be closing on May 1st on Atlanta, Georgia based heavy duty truck parts business. We would like to welcome the team from Global Parts Incorporated. Global operates six branches in three states and generates sales of approximately 20 million plus on an annualized basis. This business will serve as a nice complement to our growing business in this segment of the Automotive aftermarket. And as we look ahead, strategic acquisitions will continue to be a growth lever for Automotive businesses both in the U.S. and abroad. Now, turning to the trends we’re seeing across the U.S. Automotive aftermarket. The fundamental drivers of our business continued to be positive. The average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11 years. The size of the fleet continues to grow. Lower fuel prices remain favorable for the consumer and miles driven continues to post substantial gain, Miles driven increased 2% January following a strong 3.5% increase in 2015. January marks 23 consecutive months of increases in miles driven with lower fuel prices continuing to drive this key metric. The national average price of gas was $2 in the first quarter, which is down from 240 per gallon in 2015, the second cheapest annual average in the past 10 years. And although gas prices appear to be moving upward in the recent weeks in most parts of the U.S., the current cost of gasoline remains well below last year and these low gas prices should bode well for future increases in miles driven and ultimately driving additional parts purchase. In closing, we were pleased to show positive sales growth in the first quarter and look forward to building on our growth plans over the balance of the year. Our plans call for expanding our business with our key commercial platforms, NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts, executing on our retail strategy and driving global expansion via new store openings, as well as targeted strategic acquisitions. We want to thank our teams both in North America, as well as Australasia for their efforts and appreciate all they do for the GPC Automotive business. So, that completes our overview of the GPC Automotive business. And at this time, I will hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. We appreciate you being on the call with us this morning and we will get started with looking at our first quarter income statement and segment information and then we will review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Our total revenues of $3.7 billion for the first quarter were down a 0.5% or up 1% excluding the impact of FX. Our gross profit for the first quarter was 29.7%, compared to 29.8% last year. The slight change in gross profit margin primarily reflects the continued pressure of lower supplier incentives earned in our Industrial business. Excluding this factor, we’re pleased with the positive impact of our gross margin initiatives across all of our businesses. On SG&A, the impact of SG&A in the quarter was flat and we had some impact from our cost saving initiatives and just the loss of leverage. So, our efforts to enhance gross margin are especially important in our low inflationary environment. I want to mention what our cumulative supplier price changes are for 2015. We’re down six-tenths of 1% in Automotive. We’re up two-tenths of 1% in Industrial. We’re up one-tenth of 1% in Office and we’re down 1.25% in Electrical. The talking about SG&A, again, I’m sorry about that, our SG&A was $850 million or 23.07% of sales, which is in line with first quarter of last year. So, our cost control measures continued to positively impact our results and they are driving our progress towards greater operational efficiencies. For the first quarter, however, the benefits of our overall cost savings were somewhat offset by the deleveraging of our expenses in our non-Automotive businesses. As we look ahead, our teams remain committed to controlling our expenses and enhancing our productivity and streamlining our operations. We expect to show continued progress on these initiatives as we may have had. Now, let’s discuss our results by segment. Our Automotive revenue for the first quarter was $1.9 billion or up 2% from the prior year and 52% of our total sales. Our operating profit of 154 million is up 2% and their margin improved 10 basis points to 8.0. Our Industrial sales were $1.2 billion in the quarter, a 2.5% decrease from the prior year and 31% of our total revenues. Our operating profit of $82 million is down 6.8% and our operating margin was down 30 basis points to 7.1%, primarily driven by lower supplier incentives, as well as expense deleverage. Our Office Product revenues were 477 million in the first quarter, down 2.8% and representing 13% of our total revenues. Our operating profit of 34 million is down 6.4% and our operating margin of 7.2% is down 20 basis points. The Electrical and Electronic Group had sales in the quarter of 176 million, down 3.4% and that’s 4% of our total revenues. Their operating profit of 15 million is down 4% and the margin for this group was down 10 basis points to 8.4. For the first quarter, our total operating profit margin was 7.7% compared to 7.8% in the first quarter of last year. This follows a 10 basis point margin improvement in the fourth quarter and for the full-year of 2015 and basically reflects the lack of leverage associated with the sales environment in our non-Automotive businesses. We are intensely focused on continued progress in this area with further margin expansion being a key goal for the company. We had net interest expense of 4.8 million in the quarter and for the full-year, we continue to look for net interest expense to be $21 million to $22 million. Our amortization expense was 8.8 million for the first quarter and we continue to expect total amortization expense to be $36 million to $38 million for the full-year. Our depreciation expense of 26 million for the quarter, we are now projecting for depreciation to remain at 120 million to 130 million for the full year. So, combined depreciation and amortization of 34.7 million for the first quarter and we would expect this to be in the range of 155 million to 170 million for the full year. The other line which primarily reflects our corporate expense was 24.4 million for the quarter compared to 25.1 million last year. For the full-year we still expect corporate expense to be in the $110 million to $120 million range. Our tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 36% which is in line with the first quarter of last year. We expect this rate to increase over the balance of the year and continue to project at 37% tax rate for the full-year. Our net income for the quarter of 158 million compared to 161 million for the last year and our EPS was $1.05 which is flat with last year. Now let’s turn to the discussion of the balance sheet which we continue to further strengthen with effective working capital management and strong cash flows. Our cash at March 31 was 205 million which is in line with our cash position at year-end and up a bit from 166 million at March 31 last year. Our cash position continues to support the growth initiatives across all of our distribution businesses. Accounts receivable of 2 billion at March 31 is flat with the prior year and relatively in line with our sales. We continue to closely manage our receivables and remain satisfied with their quality at this time. The inventory at the end of the quarter was 3.1 billion, a 2% overall increase although this is flat excluding the impact of acquisitions in the last 12 months. Our team continues to effectively manage our inventory levels and will continue to maintain this key investment at the appropriate level as we move forward. Accounts Payable at March 31 was 3 billion up approximately 14% from last year due to improved payment terms and other payable initiatives established with our vendors. We are encouraged by the positive impact of accounts payable on our working capital and days in payable. Our working capital of 1.6 billion at March 31 is improved from the prior year and down 67 million on a comparable basis which excludes the reclassification of the 250 million in term debt from long-term to current. Effectively managing our working capital and in particular key items such as account receivable, inventory and accounts payable remains a high priority for our company. Our total debt of 700 million at March 31 is 194 million less than the 894 in March of last year. Our debt includes two 250 million term notes as well as another 200 million in borrowings under our multicurrency credit facility. We would also add that one of the term notes is due this November 30 and we currently intend to renew it upon the due date. Our total debt-to-capitalization is approximately 18% and we are comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We believe it provides the company both the flexibility and the financial capacity necessary to take advantage of the growth opportunities we may want to pursue. In summary, our balance sheet is in excellent condition and remains a key strength of the company. We continue to generate strong cash flows and following a record year in 2015, we appear well-positioned for another solid year in 2016. We continue to expect cash from operations to be in the 900 million to 1 billion range for the full-year and free cash flow which deducts capital expenditures and dividends to be in the $400 million to $450 million range. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our priorities for cash includes strategic acquisition, share repurchases, the reinvestment in our businesses and the dividends which we paid every year since going public in 1948 and have increased for 60 consecutive years. Strategic acquisitions remain an ongoing and important use of cash for us and they’re integral to our growth plans. Thus far in 2016, we have added the Olympus automotive import parts business as well as three additional acquisitions which closed on March 1. As previously covered by Tom and Paul, our Asia-Pac business also acquired Covs Parts with expected annual revenues of US$70 million and Motion added Epperson and Company and Missouri Power Transmission with combined annual revenue of $50 million. For the balance of 2016, we’ll continue to seek acquisition opportunities across our distribution businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. Although, many of these opportunities will continue to be bolt-on types companies with annual revenues in the $25 million to $150 million range, we are open minded to new complementary distribution businesses of all sizes, large or small assuming the appropriate returns on the investment. Turning to share repurchases, we have purchased 576,000 shares thus far in 2016 and we have 5.7 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead and we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best returns to our shareholders. Our investment in capital expenditure was 12 million in the first quarter which is down slightly from last year. For the year however, we continue to plan for capital expenditures to be in the range of 140 million to 160 million, so you will see CapEx picking up over the balance of the year due primarily to the timing of several large projects. Turning to our dividend, our 2016 dividend of $2.63 per share approved by the board in February was a 7% increase from the prior year and is approximately 57% of our 2015 earnings. Was slightly above our stated goal of 50% to 55% payout ratio, we are very comfortable going beyond the stage from time to time due to our strong cash flows. Now that concludes our financial update for the first quarter of 2016. And in summary we operated relatively in line with our expectations, let’s assume fairly steady underlying growth for the Automotive business but in another quarter of challenging economic conditions across our nonautomotive businesses. We manage to offset some of the challenges with key sales initiatives and cost controls and also further improve the strength of our balance sheet and cash flows with effective working capital management. As we execute on our growth plans, progress in these fundamental areas supports ongoing investments and opportunities such as acquisitions as well as return of capital to our shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. We look forward to updating you on our future progress in the period ahead. At this point I will turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you Carol and thanks to you and Paul for your comprehensive updates. So that’s an overview of the financial and operating performance for the first quarter. And in looking back, our feeling is that our teams did a reasonably good job of operating with the Automotive group turning in the best performance. A lack of revenue growth in the non-automotive businesses did not enable us to gain any operating average unfortunately. Turning to the balance sheet we feel that folks did a pretty good job overall and we look for another strong year in cash generation and asset management. The one area that we continue to be challenged in is sales growth and across all of our businesses, organic growth initiatives and strategic bolt on type acquisitions are getting a lot of attention. And on the acquisition front based upon what we see right now, we think that we’ll have a bit more to talk about in the second and third quarters. Now as far as the reminder of the year is concerned, we feel that previously provided guidance remains appropriate at this time. You may recall that we guided for Automotive revenues to be up 2% to 3% for the full-year against the current 1.8% increase. We said Industrial would be up 1% to 2% compared to 2.5% decrease for the first quarter. Office Products down 1 to up 2 compared to 2.8% decrease in the quarter and Electrical will be up 1 to 2 compared to the 3.4% decrease in Q1. So for the total company we feel that 1% to 2% increase is appropriate compared to the half of 1% decrease through the first quarter. And then on the earnings side, we feel that an expectation of $4.70 to $4.80 per share remains appropriate and this should be up 2% to 4% over the prior year. At this point we would like to address your questions and we will turn the call back to Catherine.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Seth Basham: My first question is just on the guidance Tom, could you tell us what your expectations are for FX impact this year and any additional revenue you’re assuming in your guidance from acquisitions?
Tom Gallagher: Well, the FX is pretty difficult quite honestly, Seth as you know, we think back to January of this year currency exchange was an even heavier factor, we were down mid to upper double digits in the exchange rates between the Canadian, Mexican and Australian rates. We did see some moderation, some strengthening of the dollar in February and March, but at this point for the quarter it was still double-digit impact and we really don’t have a clear look at what we think is going to happen as we go forward. I think perhaps this thing to say would be that, for the whole company we’ve guided to being up 1 to 2 and perhaps for the whole company FX is going to be a headwind of 1.5% to 2% at this point. As far as the acquisitions, the only ones that we have included in our guidance are the ones that have been completed. So, Paul covered a couple of them. Carol covered a few more. They are the only ones we have included and our practice is not to include anything until we actually close on it. And at that point, we’ll incorporate it into our future guidance if that answers your question.
Seth Basham: That’s helpful. Just to confirm relative to your guidance you provided initially for 2016 in February, you assumed at that point in time 3% or 4% sales growth for entire company ex FX and now you are now looking for 1% to 2%?
Tom Gallagher: Well, no, we’re looking at 1% to 2% including FX and then 1.5% to 2% headwind from FX, so on a constant currency basis, you would have to add that 1.5% to 2% back in.
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. Helpful. All right, and then my other questions on the auto business, looking at U.S. comps, it seems like they slowed down to your stack basis. Also it seems like your Major Accounts business growth slowed a little bit. I understand I think weather is a drag. Any other factors you can point to that might be impacting your business relative to the industry?
Paul Donahue: Seth, this is Paul. No, it just - I touched on many of the factors. Seth, we hate to play the weather card, because at the end of the day we still need to execute on our initiatives. Look, I think our team is doing a pretty good job. But when you look at the delta between our big divisions up in the northern states versus some of our business in the southern states, it certainly had an impact. Our NAPA AutoCare business continues to be solid, very solid. Our Major Account business is good. It’s not growing at the double digit rate perhaps that we saw a couple of years ago, but it’s still growing at a good pace overall. So now, I think, Seth, there is just a bit of sluggishness out there right now, but we’ve got some great initiatives. We just need to continue to execute and I have no doubt that business will bounce back quickly.
Seth Basham: Got it.
Tom Gallagher: Seth, I’d add to that. If you look at across the spectrum of our larger accounts, the major accounts and the AutoCare customers, those in the northern tier, as Paul pointed out, are having a more difficult time than those in the southern tier. But also those that are more heavily oriented toward tires, are a bit more challenged than those that are more heavily oriented towards the service side. So we will see all that reverse at some point, but we just don’t know when.
Seth Basham: Got it. Since you brought up weather as an important point here, if you think about warmer winter weather and the impact on parts stress, would you expect heading into the summer season there to be fewer part failures and more limited parts sales as a result of that?
Tom Gallagher: It depends upon how warm and how hot it gets in the summer. That’s going to put the second round of stress and that’s a key determinant. So if we have a hot summer, I think we will see some of the summer related products, heating and cooling as an example, I think we’ll see some pick up there, if we have a modest summer, we won’t get that increased demand.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thanks a lot and good luck.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thank you for taking my call. My first question is, can you talk about your plan for enhanced store openings and you’re trying to pick it up for the company-owned store group. This is primarily in the U.S. So, is it going to be focused abroad and then ultimately how many stores do you think you could have in the US?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, Chris, this is Paul. So, our store expansion program includes all of our markets, so Australia, New Zealand, where we will continue to grow via acquisition as well as organic growth and we believe we have opportunities to continue to grow in both Australia and New Zealand markets. In Canada same thing as well as Mexico, in Mexico, as you may recall, we’ve rolled out our NAPA Mexico initiative, which we have 20 plus stores in Mexico today branded under the NAPA brand both company-owned and independently-owned. We believe and we’re not going to put a targeted number out there, Chris, but we believe we’ve got significant opportunities to continue to grow our store footprint in Mexico. And then in the US, again, same type of initiatives both acquisition, bolt-on type acquisitions as we announced already do this year, but in addition, organic new distribution as well across the U.S. and we think again there is many open markets across the U.S., so we can continue to expand the NAPA brand.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you, then I have one quick follow-up. As I understand it historically more [Indiscernible] facilitator of independents when I look to exit the business, you sell from one independent to the other. Is there any change in philosophy if the company acquires some of these independents or how do you see that playing out?
Tom Gallagher: Chris, this is Tom. Our attitude is exactly what it has been and that is if it’s an independently-owned store in an outline market, if there is another independent owner that’s ready to step in and make that acquisition, we’ll help them do that. If there isn’t someone ready to step in, but the current owner has a desire to get out and we’ll buy the store and we’ll run it for a period of time until we find a good independent owner. If it’s in a metro market, we’ll buy the store and we’ll operate it for the long term as a company-owned store. So the attitude is essentially the same.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. Really helpful. Thank you for the comments.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now go to Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Chandni Luthra: Hi. This is Chandni Luthra on behalf of Matt Fassler. Tom, I have a quick question on your Industrials business. So, I just want to understand about the performance in the Industrial segment. It appears that you guys outperformed versus how we saw your peers report in the last week or so. Could you perhaps throw some light in terms of what drove that performance and what was the cadence, because a lot of your peers talked about a very sharp decline in the second half of March. I just want to understand if you guys also saw a dip in March and you know how the quarter trended? Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I’ll take the latter part of the question first. We did see March being the weaker of the three months in the quarter, but still better than what we had been running. In terms of what’s happening within our Industrial business, I think our teams have been working hard on some of their share of wallet and market share initiatives, as well as on the acquisitions we did and had the benefit of the two acquisitions that closed late in the quarter that Carol mentioned. But additionally our folks are finding additional opportunities with existing customers and they are also opening up some new customers. So as I mentioned earlier in my comments, we can look at about half of the business and see that it’s performing pretty well and then we look at roughly the other half and we see that we’re still challenged. So hopefully we’re starting to see a little bit of a turn and maybe the quarters ahead will be a little bit more reflective of what we’ve seen in Q1 and then also early in the month of April.
Chandni Luthra: Got it. Thanks for the color. And quickly on the Office segment, so you guys had your business decline by about 3%. I just want to understand how should we think about go forward given that you’ve maintained your guidance and in terms of what gives you confidence to kind of catch up with that guide given that cycling of the ODP, OMX [ph] businesses having some impact to you?
Tom Gallagher: Well, in terms of maintaining the guidance, we did say that. We guided to down one to up one for the full year, having finished the first quarter down 3%, we would say may be closer to the mid to lower end of the range for the full year. I did comment in my prepared remarks that we think we have an opportunity to close on a pretty good size acquisition for the Office Products group yet in Q2. It will be late in Q2. That’s not in our guidance at this point. But assuming that we are able to complete that, we’ll give you an update on that as we make our comments at the end of the second quarter.
Chandni Luthra: Great. Thank you so much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will continue on to Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello: Thank you. Good morning
Tom Gallagher: Good morning.
Tony Cristello: My first question, I wanted to just touch on the import parts side of the business and better understand where you are in terms of parts coverage there. It’s obviously growing at - I think you said, Paul, high single digit rate and I wanted to understand is that growth just because you are offering more and more parts. Are you seeing more and more demand from existing or you growing both with the new customer as well.
Paul Donahue: Yeah so Tony, great question on our import parts business. So we - look, we have been in the import parts business for some time and we go to market under the Altrom brand we sell here in the U.S. direct through our NAPA network. And where we see continued growth is both existing customer expansion, but also capturing new customers. So our NAPA Auto Care centers are major accounts are servicing more and more import part vehicles therefore they need access to those parts and fortunately they are coming through us. When we look at the continued expansion of that segment we are excited of our core business, the Altrom business going through our NAPA network, but also with our recent acquisition of Olympus and what that group brings us and I think I talked about a bit in our last call is, we got a great team at Olympus they bring us years and years of import experience that is the value to us and this is the category that we think we can certainly continue to grow at the a greater rate than our overall business.
Tony Cristello: And do you see the same lift of benefits as your companies stores as you all do or see at your independence when you put in new initiatives or focus on being able to sell through on imports or something, I’m just trying to piece together sort of the success across your whole business versus company-owned versus independent.
Paul Donahue: Yeah so Tony, we’ve made a commitment in our company owned stores that we are going to be stocking in import parts and it is a classic parts business in general. If you have the part, you have good people and you’re priced competitively, generally you are going to get the business and what we are finding as we upgrade our inventories across our NAPA company-owned store network business is growing as we upgrade those inventories. On the independent side Tony, it’s been an initiative that we worked on for a number of years as our independent owners. Some have gotten into the business, do a terrific job, others have been a little slower to adapt to stocking in import parts. They may - certainly some of our independent owners are out in more rural markets were they may not be quite at much demand for import parts, but our initiative in growing that businesses both via our company-owned stores and via our independent owners as well.
Tom Gallagher: Tony I might just add on, you may recall that our general approach to any new initiative is that we will test it, pilot it in the company store group will approve the concept and then at that point we will go to be independent owners. We want to make sure that what we are recommending to them work so after we approving the concept we will tell them what we did, how we did it, what it cost, what is the returns are and then our good progressive owners will step up and they will embrace the initiative and we go on from there.
Tony Cristello: That’s great color. I appreciate that and if I can ask just one more question, I think you mentioned CapEx acceleration and several projects that may be hitting in the second half of the year. Can you provide any were information, is that an IT type spend or there any strong store refreshers or something that we should consider?
Carol Yancey: Yeah, it’s both facility refreshes and also an IT project. So mentioning on facilities we have got in each of our segments and both here in the U.S., Canada and Mexico and Australia folks have DC refreshers. So a lot of it is in the area of productivity improvement and so it could be not necessarily a full relocation, but a refresh within the facility. So those are multi-months projects that we know we have started and there’ll be slated for third quarter and fourth quarter and then IT as well we got again, most of our IT projects are going to be in productivity areas were health management, inventory optimization and we have several sights planned for the second half of the year. So those are all in the work, so we expect that to pick up over the balance of the year.
Tony Cristello: Okay, thank you very much for your time.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And Mark Becks with JP Morgan have our next question.
Mark Becks: Hi thanks for sharing the monthly detail in Auto. Understanding that there is a slowdown as far as the end of the quarter I just wanted to clarify what was the impact from the Easter shift and the labor - leap day shift and then does that help or hurt back half of the quarter.
Paul Donahue: Well, Mark this is Paul, we think certainly it was not a help, we estimate and it is hard to put an exact number to it, but we estimates Easter holiday moving from April end of month of March cost us minimum half a point on our top line.
Mark Becks: And then any impact from the leap day?
Paul Donahue: For sure, the extra day, again estimating between a point of quarter to point half.
Tom Gallagher: Ranging between 0.5% and 1% for the quarter at net.
Mark Becks: Understood and then Paul you elevated to widening performance gap in the northern stores versus southern stores. Historically some of your peers is focusing gaps anywhere in the range of 500 to call it a 1000 basis points, is there any way you can kind of frame up the difference between say the north-east market which is more the kind of weather sensitive market versus like the South or the West.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I will put it this way Mark, when we look at across northern states and not just the north east because we really felt the impact in the Midwest, when we talk about the Central, Mark, that’s Ohio, Pennsylvania but all the way into the north-east as well. That group and those are some of our larger operations that group grew low single digit, when we compare those to some of our southern division, so I mentioned Florida, I would throw the Southern group in there as well, the Atlantic which should be the Carolina South and then even West that group grew mid to high single digits across, so it was more of a significant delta that helps seen in some time.
Mark Becks: Okay, that’s very helpful and then last question for me Tom and Carol you mentioned you’re open to more larger transformational type of acquisitions and historically [indiscernible] you’ve opted for more than smaller bolt-on type acquisition. So just trying to get an idea of historically why that has been the route you have gone by that it is just there is more opportunities of that nature in the marketplace or culture or anything else there.
Tom Gallagher: Mark, I will take a stab at that. You have hit on one key point and that is generally speaking there are many more opportunities in that $25 million to $250 million range. Secondly, our philosophy has been that any acquisition we do needs to be accretive and hit the minimum threshold within three years and it seems that we can get to some of the back office synergies more quickly and more easily in the 25 to 150 range than something well above that. And then the third thing is that, we got a general approach that we want to make multiple acquisitions across each of our businesses and spread the investments spread, the risk so to speak, but also to leverage the strong management teams that we have across our businesses. Now with all of that said if we were to find - I think you used the word transformational, if we would find something larger, we would be more than happy to look at it, but it has to meet the same general level of expectation within three years and we look for 15% ROIC no later than the third year, but if we found something large that met that threshold then we would absolutely have interest in doing it. The good point is that we have the balance sheet that will enable us to do whatever and it was set that kind of logic that led us to GPC Asia Pacific, the largest acquisition we have done and one that has turned out to be pretty darn good thanks for the shareholders at Genuine Parts.
Mark Becks: Okay. So if you have more to talk about in 2Q and 3Q just it seems like it safe to assume that these will be more of those kind of bolt-on that you are talking about.
Tom Gallagher: We just have to wait and see.
Mark Becks: Okay, thanks.
Tom Gallagher: All right thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go on to Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Hey guys just a quick question for Paul, looking at the auto business in Texas and other oil related markets you guys mentioned that the broader region underperformed, but do you have data on those markets specifically in terms of their performance year over year in the quarter.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so Elizabeth if I look at our businesses down in the Southwest part of the country and that group was under some stress all last year and if I look at Q1 that group was up low single digits, so certainly on the lower end of our performance amongst our many divisions.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay, great thank you.
Paul Donahue: Welcome.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys.
Carol Yancey: Hi Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: I apologize in advance for kind of stick on this weather things here, but couple of questions. What other categories outside of batteries would you attribute kind of whether gyration is the first question? And then second relate to that I guess winter of 2011 - 2012 is probably the closest comparable that we have to this year’s warm winter weather. So I’m not sure if you have that data in handy or not, but can you remind us of your sales cadence in these types of categories in 2012, how they kind of trended from February to March and into the spring - later spring and summer months.
Paul Donahue: So, Scot I will take the first part first and then I’ll let Carol handle the historical data, if she has it. But yes outside of batteries and certainly the entire electrical category Scott, when we look at starters, alternators and including batteries that entire category, which is the big category for us only, grew low single digits in the quarter. Heating and cooling, certainly heating is another area that was impacted, we saw slower than kind of our fleet average growth. And then all of our chemicals in commodities type products were another area that we saw slower than our typical growth or in our overall growth for the first quarter, so all of those categories really can be impacted one way or the other by the weather.
Tom Gallagher: It goes even further Scot, if you think about up in your neck of the woods when you got that extreme cold weather, it tends to cause additional puddles up North and through the Central and Midwest parts of the country as well, which in fact potentially can impact some of your chassis product in the ensuing quarter or two so. It is pretty pervasive in terms of what it can do and I should say that we are pretty pleased with our chassis business right now, our chaste team is doing a really good job for us and we are getting some pretty good growth currently from that organization.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got you.
Carol Yancey: And Scot as far as the weather patterns back in 2011 and 2012 I mean I will have you afterwards, but we are not going to comment or do we have that product line specific cadence in those winter months on how that reacted, but we’re happy to discuss that further.
Scot Ciccarelli: I guess the question is just in general, so obviously you’re not going to break all that out by category, but you kind of went from February to March, you already talked about some sluggishness in some of these categories and Paul just referenced them, did they continue to worsen as you go to the latest spring in summer months or did it kind of will get to a level and just kind of stay there and I just trying to figure out.
Tom Gallagher: I would take a stab at that first, Scot. This is Tom and I would say that we’ve somewhat stabilized in those categories at this point, but we wish we were stabilized at a slightly higher rate.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay thanks a lot guys.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thanks Scot.
Operator: Thank you. And Bret Jordan with Jefferies has our next question.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning guys
Paul Donahue: Good morning Bret.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Bret Jordan: On global project accusation could a give us a little color on what you’re seeing in heavy-duty and maybe how that’s comping relative to passenger vehicle parts and maybe sort of give us a feeling for after this deal how big that is going to be relative to your parts distribution .
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so Bret, that’s a business, we don’t talk about a lot, but across North America so US and Canada and in Canada we have got very mature robust business on the heavy duty side it is in our standalone side in excess of $600 million in annual business. It’s a good business, it’s a growing business and there is roughly 8 million heavy duty trucks on the road here in the US and it’s the category that we think we can continue to grow. The acquisition of Global which is Atlanta again much like Olympus acquisition that we did on the import side, brings us a great team, a knowledgeable team experienced team in the category, we believe we’ve got well [indiscernible] synergies and again just bring in another experienced group into our business and we will complement our heavy-duty business here in the Southeast quite nicely.
Tom Gallagher: Bret just to add on to that, by our estimation we would have 5% to 6% of the total available market for the heavy-duty industry and if we can grow that to 10%, we’re talking upwards of $0.5 billion to $600 million more in revenue, so that’s part of the strategy.
Bret Jordan: How was this business is been comping is that comping ahead of your company average in auto.
Tom Gallagher: No, it is actually been - the fleet business it is actually been little bit less than our total Automotive business, but the good news is it’s come back a bit. I think Paul mentioned that we were up 2% in Q1 in our fleet business. So we’re pleased with the fact that it has started to revert back to what is a more normal business.
Bret Jordan: Okay and then one last question on comp, when you look at the NAPA core comp, how do you feel that rate was relative to the industry in Q1. Do you think you’re a share gainer or just performing in line?
Paul Donahue: Hard to say Bret, being the first guys out, I’m guessing we’re going to be where the market is. We certainly don’t believe we are losing any market share across the country and our teams are executing on the initiatives we put out there for them so. We think we will be in line, hard to say though; we will have to wait and see.
Bret Jordan: Okay and then one last question in Mexico are you going to convert the auto total stores to NAPA brand or do they standalone?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, great question Bret, that’s something that we are looking at. I was actually down there with the team last week, we have not made a final decision one way or the other, as you may know we have eight auto total stores down in the marketplace and we’re evaluating that right now, but that absolutely could happen in the future and I would also comment Bret because I know you follow it quite closely, our overall business and sales in Mexico continue to grow each quarter, we are building out our team, we are building out our brand, we just added that talented executive to that group down there and we are still bullish with our opportunities down in that market.
Bret Jordan: Okay, great thank you.
Paul Donahue: Welcome.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Bret.
Operator: Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I just want to follow-up on the Easter shift question, make sure I got the math right there and the second one on the margins. If we assume it was 50 or 75 perhaps, should we be thinking that our run rate would simply move that amount of sales in the second quarter from first and Tom when you describe stabilizing trend which number are we stabilizing I guess, is it adjusting for the shift or not or for leap day. And I have a follow-up on margin.
Tom Gallagher: My understanding of the question on the trends was more product oriented and that’s where I think we have stabilized in particular product categories. In terms of the impact of Easter we should see the benefit of that in April, we should pick up a little bit more in April that we gave back in March.
Greg Melich: So [indiscernible] it would be fair to assume that it should be a little better in April so far than we saw in the first quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Well, we will see how it all shapes out and will give you an update on it in our second quarter conference call.
Greg Melich: Okay, so I’ll switch to margins then. I think it was Carol, in your comments you talked about how the industrial was the main pressure on the overall gross margin rate, a lot of the other improvement across the business was still there, but Industrial hurt. So I guess my question is what level of sales do we need to get out of industrial so that we actually start to deleverage it on the gross margin side, thanks.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so you are correct when we look at gross margin the other three segments are find the pressure on gross margin was through Industrial and so lot of our initiatives are in place and I just mentioned Industrial has done a really good job, therefore gross profit was up in Q4 and was also up in Q1. So they’ve done a lot of things on the buy side and sell side to help get that up. So when the volume does come back and it probably needs to be more in the very low single digit range for us to get some of that OEM and center of that, that’s going to really go straight to the margin, but the good thing is their SG&A improvements and their core gross profits, those things are already in place. And when we do get just a little bit of volume back and the top-line growth then we’ll see that on their operating margin.
Greg Melich: That’s great. Thanks, good luck.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer: Last and least I get it.
Carol Yancey: Hi, Brian.
Brian Sponheimer: Hi, Carol. My compliments on the continued working capital improvements and I guess, if you just take APM inventory [ph], it’s $280 year-over-year. Is that coming exclusively from NAPA or is that something that’s really a kind of a holistic entire business approach to working capital.
Carol Yancey: So all of our businesses have initiatives in the working capital and specifically focused in the payables area, so we’ve - what I would say just the - more the majority of the dollars are coming from Automotive, we do have improvement coming from the others and I can tell you their teams, it’s backed into our pay plans as part of everybody’s performance, it’s part of what everybody’s pushing down is working capital initiatives and we are seeing some improvements in the non-automotive as well. So the ideas that we have just continued improvements each quarter, but again it’s more coming from Automotive, but we’re getting some from the others too.
Brian Sponheimer: I understood and then Paul, just one question. You mentioned brakes being up low double digits in the quarter and some improvement on chassis, how much of that is more miles driven and is there any part of that just better supply from some of your larger on and important suppliers within those product offerings.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, Brian, so I answer that two ways, on the brakes business we’ve - our brakes business has been solid now for a number of quarters in a row and that’s across all the brakes, [indiscernible], and Friction, and Caliper’s have all been out pacing our overall growth and I think it’s just a great job by our team out in the field grabbing some market share and we got a great partner on that side. If you recall Brian, a year ago on the chassis side we were having some significant service issues and please to report those are now behind us and we’re seeing that business return back to more normal growth rates, but we were down quite a bit early last year as a result of some of the service problems. So again that’s the business we had to do quite well throughout the first half of the year.
Brian Sponheimer: Alright, terrific. Well, thank you very much.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Brian.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I’d like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We thank you for participating on today's first quarter call, and we appreciate your support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to updating you in July on our second quarter result. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And again ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all again for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney G. Jones - Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul D. Donahue - President Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC A. Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Co.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sidney G. Jones - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter 2015 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2016. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sid, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, GPC's President, along with Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and I will each handle a portion of today's call. And once we've completed our individual comments, we'll look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our fourth quarter and year-end results, and hopefully you've all had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3.682 billion, which was down 4% with negative currency impact accounting for 3% of this decrease. Net income was $161.3 million, which was down 3%. Earnings per share were $1.07 this year, which was even with last year, and currency negatively impacted the EPS by $0.03 per share in the quarter. For the full year, sales were $15.280 billion, which was down four-tenths of 1%, with currency costing us 3 points of revenue growth. Net income was $706 million, which was down just under 1%, and earnings per share were $4.63 this year, compared to $4.61 in 2014. And for the full year, the currency impact was $0.14. After several years of solid performances, 2015 proved to be a more challenging year for us, largely attributable to the combination of the significant slowdown experienced in our Industrial and Electrical businesses, and the impact of unfavorable currency exchange, primarily on our Automotive business. Fortunately, as you'll hear from, Paul, in a few minutes, the underlying fundamentals remain positive for the Automotive segment, and each of our Automotive businesses are turning in solid local currency results. The Industrial Operations are our second-largest business segment, representing 30% of total company sales in this past year, and at the end of the year down 3%. And as we reported, over the course of the year, we saw a sequential revenue deceleration as the year progressed. After being up 3% in the first quarter, the Industrial Operations were down 2% in Q2, down 4% in Q3, and down 8% in the fourth quarter, and these results are reflective of the sluggish end-market conditions encountered by many of our Industrial customers. Customers in the oil and gas, original equipment manufacturing, iron and steel and heavy equipment rental were all down double-digits with us for a year. And as a point of information, the fourth quarter decreases were even more significant than the full-year declines, indicating the ongoing challenges faced by customers in each of these segments. Conversely, customers in aggregate in cements, food products, Automotive, lumber and wood products all generated positive results for us this past year. And then looking ahead, we would expect positive results from each of these customer categories in 2016 as well. At the same time, however, our expectation is for continued declines from customers in the oil and gas, original equipment manufacturing, iron and steel, and heavy equipment rental categories for several more quarters, which will certainly be a headwind to our overall sales results. In an effort to offset this, our Industrial team remains focused on key elements of their sales strategy including share of wallet initiatives with existing customers, expansion of our customer base, product line extensions, and expanding our geographic footprint and product capabilities through acquisitions. And on this last point, we're pleased to report two acquisitions that are scheduled to close on March 1 with combined revenue of approximately $50 million, and both companies nicely complement Motion's existing business, and they would help our growth rates over the remainder of the year. Moving on to our Electrical segment, EIS ended the year with sales of $751 million, which was up 2% and represents 5% of total company revenues. As with Motion, EIS had mixed results among their segments. Customers in the wire and cable and fabrication sides of the business generated nice increases, while customers in the Electrical side had decreases. The Electrical segment represents about 40% of EIS's total revenue, and similar to Motion, we are probably a few quarters away from seeing stabilization in this segment. In the meantime, they're employing many of the same growth strategies as Motion including acquisitions, and our expectation is to be in a position to announce a $50-million-plus acquisition in the weeks ahead, which will certainly have a nice positive impact on the EIS results in 2016. And a few comments on our Office Products Group, which represents 13% of total company sales in 2015. They ended the year with sales of just over $1.9 billion, and this was up 7.5%. The Office Products growth was fueled by incremental acquisition revenue and strong double-digit growth from the mega channel. Our independent reseller business was down low-single digits for the year, with most of this decrease coming in the second half of the year. On the product side, we had double-digit growth for the year in furniture and facility and breakroom supplies, and mid-single-digit growth in our core Office Product supplies. And we are pleased with the progress made in each of these categories. Technology products were flat for the year. And looking at our Office Products results over the course of the year, it was really a tale of two halves, with first half revenues being up 16% and second half revenues being up just slightly. The outsized first half increases were driven by the aforementioned incremental acquisition volume and increased revenue from the mega channel that was anniversaried early in Q3. And then we feel our second half results are more reflective of the ongoing underlying sluggish conditions in the Office Products industry. Many of the ongoing issues within the industry are secular in nature, and as a result, our team continues to work on market share and share of wallet initiatives, product line additions and extensions, product and channel diversification, as well as strategic acquisitions. You will recall that we completed the acquisition of Malt Industries late in 2015. Malt is a distributor of safety supplies and protective apparel with annual sales of about $20 million. We are pleased with their progress to date. This acquisition helped to further diversify our product and channel portfolios, and we will pursue additional acquisition opportunities to continue the strategy in the quarters ahead. So that's a quick overview of the non-Automotive segments, and Paul will now give you an update on the Automotive results. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue - President: Thank you, Tom. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I'm pleased to be with you here today and to have an opportunity to provide you an update on our fourth quarter performance of our Automotive business. For the quarter ending December 31, our global Automotive sales were down 2% year-over-year. This performance consists of approximately 2.5% in core Automotive growth and a slight benefit from acquisitions. However, this was offset by a currency headwind of approximately 5% in the fourth quarter, which is consistent with the impact of currency we saw throughout 2015. Our U.S. team posted a 2% sales increase in the fourth quarter, compared with 3% growth experienced through the first nine months of 2015. Our international businesses, which include Canada, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand, reported another quarter of mid-single-digit growth in local currency. Despite challenging local economies, we remain encouraged by the steady and consistent growth we are experiencing across all of our international markets. We see no reason for this not to continue in 2016. In the U.S., our results varied by geographical region. Our business in the Northeast, Florida, Central and Western regions of the country continue to deliver solid results. The Midwest, Mountain and Southwest regions of the country all came in below our expectations. Given our strong commercial presence with fleets, including many in the battered oil and gas sector, we felt the effects across many of our stores throughout the Mountain and Southwest regions. Particularly hard-hit were stores in Texas, Oklahoma, Montana and the Dakotas. We also are seeing the effects across many of our stores in Western Canada. We would also add the above-average temperatures experienced in the fourth quarter across the Midwest and Mountain regions, negatively impacted our winter goods sales. So now let's turn to our same-store sales for the fourth quarter. Our U.S. company-owned store grew comp store sales in the fourth quarter by 2%. This compares to the 3% comp store increase we reported through nine months. Cadence of the quarter saw our team post solid results in both October and December. In fact, we were encouraged as we entered the fourth quarter as October same-stores sales were our second-best results of the year. The month of November proved to be the outlier, and we believe warmer-than-normal temps in the month caused this downturn. This quarter's 2% increase is on top of the 7% increase generated in the fourth quarter of 2014, giving us a two-year stack of 9%. This increase was driven by a combination of gains on both our commercial side of our business, as well as by our retail business. So let's start with our retail results. As mentioned in our Q3 call, we continue to expand or revamp DIY initiatives across our company-owned store group. These initiatives include installing new interior layouts and graphics, extended store hours, increased training for our store associates, and the nationwide launch of our NAPA Rewards Program to name just a few. And while we are in the early days of rolling out these initiatives, we are pleased with the initial results. Our plans call for us to expand our 20-store impact pilot in 2016 to include an additional 150 company-owned stores. These initiatives are having a positive impact on our results. And for the fourth quarter, we can report a total increase of 5% in our retail business. Coupling this 5% increase with the 11% increase we posted in Q4 of 2014, gives us a two-year stack of 16%. For the full year, our retail business was up 6%. These gains are being driven by both transaction and basket size increases. In Q4, we experienced a mid-single-digit increase in our average retail ticket, and a significant jump in the number of retail tickets. Moving along to our core commercial wholesale business. This segment of our Automotive business posted a 2% increase in the fourth quarter and a two-year stack of 8%. So, for the year, we can report a 3% increase in our commercial business. The core elements of this segment continue to center around our Major Account business and our NAPA AutoCare business. In 2015, we expanded our AutoCare membership count, which now totals 16,300-plus across the U.S. Both our AutoCare and Major Account businesses generated mid-single-digit growth for the year. We believe the slowdown in the Industrial sector had a material impact on our fleet business in the quarter. This business was up just 1% after delivering 3-plus percent increases in the previous three quarters. Our Q4 two-year stack on our fleet business now stands at 6%. Our wholesale ticket trend was consistent with what we experienced in the third quarter. Our average wholesale ticket value was up mid-single digits, with little or no benefit from inflation, while we saw a slight decline in the number of tickets moving through our stores. So, now, let's take a look at a few of our key product categories and review the trends we experienced in the fourth quarter. Our brakes category was a highlight again in the quarter, and it has been a strong category for us all year. The brakes category grew low-double digits for us in the fourth quarter. And we also saw experienced – we also experienced solid growth in our tool and equipment business. An area of concern would be in our battery business, which was off slightly in the quarter. We believe this is attributable to the warmer winter temperatures. And we can report this business has now bounced back in the month of January, and our team drove a double-digit increase in the month of January. We continue to be encouraged with the strong growth we are experiencing from our NAPA import parts business. This business was up high-single digits in the quarter and posted double-digit growth for the year. On February 1, we announced the acquisition of Olympus Imported Parts. Olympus is a 30-year business specializing in professional-grade import auto parts. They currently operate out of six locations in the Northern Virginia and Greater D.C. area and generate approximately $25 million in annualized revenues. This business will be a nice complement to our growing NAPA import business, as well as our Altrom import parts business. We'd like to extend a warm welcome to Mike Brown and the entire Olympus team to Genuine Parts Company. We'd also like to provide you with an update on a previously discussed acquisition target. During our third quarter call, we reviewed with you the pending acquisition of Covs Parts, a 25-branch distribution company based in Western Australia. While we had hoped to close this transaction in the fourth quarter, we encountered regulatory approval delays, moving the expected close of this transaction to no later than April 1 of this year. With approval for 21 branches, the addition of Covs Parts further expands our market presence and scale in Western Australia, and is expected to generate annual revenues of approximately $70 million. This acquisition will expand our industry-leading presence in Australia and New Zealand and puts us over the 500-store mark. We are proud of our team in Asia Pacific and look forward to another solid year from this business in 2016. As we look to the immediate future, strategic M&A will continue to be a growth lever for our Automotive businesses both in the U.S. and abroad. Turning to the trends we are seeing across the U.S. Automotive aftermarket. The fundamental drivers of our business continue to be positive. The average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11 years. The size of the fleet continues to grow, lower fuel prices remain favorable for the consumer, and miles driven continues to post substantial gain. Miles driven actually increased 3.5% through the first 11 months of the year, which is a new record. In addition, the latest month with reported figures is November, which was up 4.3% year-over-year, also a new record. This now makes 21 consecutive months of increases in miles driven, and it certainly is driving – these key metrics are driven by lower fuel cost. The natural – the national average price of gas in 2015 was $2.40 per gallon, which was the second lowest annual average in the past 10 years. Gas prices continue to move downward, and in the most part of the U.S. today, they average less than $2 a gallon. These low gas prices should bode well for future increases in both miles driven and ultimately driving additional parts purchases. In closing, we are pleased to show positive underlying Automotive growth for both the quarter and the year in a challenging economic environment. And we are encouraged with the start of the New Year, as our sales in January were more in line with our historical run rates. We remain hopeful we can carry this momentum through to the end of the quarter and the balance of 2016. As we move into 2016, our plans call for expanding our business with our key commercial platforms, NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts, executing our retail strategy, and driving global expansion via new store openings, as well as targeted strategic acquisitions. I want to thank our teams of both in North America as well as Australasia for their efforts, and appreciate all they do for the GPC Automotive business. So that completes our overview of the GPC Automotive business. And at this time, I'll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. We will begin with a review of our fourth quarter and full-year income statements and the segment information, and then we'll review some key balance sheet and other financial items. As Tom mentioned, our total revenues of $3.7 billion for the fourth quarter were down 4%, and consist of a decrease in underlying sales of 2%, a currency headwind of 3%, and acquisitions contributed 1%. For the year, total revenues of $15.3 billion consisted of core sales growth of 1.5% and a 1% contribution from acquisitions, offset by a 3% currency headwind. Our gross profit for the fourth quarter was 29.75% down from 30.0% gross margin last year. And for the year, gross margin of 29.8%, compared to 29.9% reported last year. Primarily, our gross margins for the fourth quarter and the full-year benefited from improved margins in our Automotive, Office, and Electrical businesses, but our growth in these segments was offset by the continued pressure of lower supplier incentives earned in our Industrial business. This directly related to the sluggish sales environment and lower inventory purchases for this group. We recognize the need for additional progress on this line and the importance of executing on our gross margin initiatives. This is a key priority for our management team, and we remain committed to an enhanced gross margin for the long term. Our gross margin initiatives are critical to offset the low inflationary environment that has persisted across our businesses for several years now, especially in Automotives. Our cumulative supplier price changes in 2015 were negative two-tenths – 20 basis points, two-tenths of 1% for Automotive, positive 90 basis points for Industrial, positive 60 basis points for Office Products, and negative 1.75% for Electrical. Turning to SG&A, our total expenses for the fourth quarter were $834 million, or 22.65% of sales, which is a 40-basis-point improvement from the prior year. For the full year, our total expenses of $3.4 billion, at 22.46% of sales, or a 20-basis-point improvement. The improvement in our SG&A expenses reflects the positive impact of our cost control measures across all of our businesses. Additionally, we had added savings of lower incentive compensation in the fourth quarter relative to 2014. Overall, our cost reduction initiatives were partially offset by the deleveraging of expenses in our Industrial business, as well as the increases in expenses across the company in areas such as employee benefits and retirement plans and healthcare. Our teams remain focused on controlling expenses, and we continue to take actions to further improve our productivity and streamline our operations. We expect to show continued progress on this line in the periods ahead. If we look at our results for the segment, our Automotive revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.9 billion, down 2% from the prior year. Our operating profit of $169 million is up 12.5%, and their margin improved a strong 110 basis points due to the improved gross margins and expense control. For the year, Automotive sales of $8 billion are down 1%. Our operating profit of $729 million is up 4%, and our margin has improved by 40 basis points to 9.1%, so a solid margin expansion for Automotive in 2015. Our Industrial sales of $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 8%. Our operating profit of $72 million is down 24.8%, and our operating margin was down 150 basis points to 6.5%. For the year, Industrial sales of $4.6 billion are down 2.6% from the prior year, and our operating profit of $339 million is down 8.3%, and our margin was 7.3%, which is down 50 basis points from last year. This is driven by a lower incentives and expense deleverage, which pressured this group throughout the year but at a greater amount in the fourth quarter. Our Office Products revenues were $459 million in the quarter, down 2%. Our operating profit of $33 million is down 5%, and their operating margin of 7.3% is down 20 basis points. For the year, Office revenues of $1.9 billion are up 7.5% from the prior year. Our operating profit of $141 million is up 5%, and our margin of 7.3% is down 10 basis points from last year. The Electrical Group had sales in the quarter of $177 million, which is basically flat with the prior year. Our operating profit of $16 million is up 6.7%, so the margin for this group showed strong growth of 60 basis points to 9.1%. For the year, sales for this group of $751 million are up 1.6%, and their operating profit of $70 million is up 9%, and their margin improved to 9.3%, which is a solid 50-basis-point increase from the prior year. For both the fourth quarter and the full year, our total operating margin improved by 10 basis points. For the quarter, the margin was 7.9% compared to 7.8%; and for the year, 8.4% compared to 8.3%. This improvement in 2015 follows our 30-basis-point expansion in 2014, and given this current sales environment, we're very pleased with our continued progress in this area. Looking ahead, further margin expansion remains a key goal for the company. We had net interest expense of $4.3 million in the quarter, and for the 12 months, interest expense was $20.4 million, which compares to $24.2 million in 2014. For 2016, we currently estimate net interest expense to approximate $21 million to $22 million for the full year. Our total amortization expense of $9 million for the fourth quarter and $35 million for the full year is down slightly from 2014. We currently estimate total amortization expense of $36 million to $38 million for the full year in 2016. Our depreciation of $27 million for the fourth quarter and $107 million for the full year, and for 2016, we're projecting this to be approximately $120 million to $130 million. So, combined, depreciation and amortization looking ahead would be in the range of $155 million to $170 million. The other line which primarily reflects our corporate expense was $16.3 million for the quarter, which is up slightly from the prior-year quarter. For the full year, our corporate expense is $100.4 million, which is consistent with our expectations and up from the $90 million in the prior year. Primarily unfavorable retirement plan valuation adjustments of $7 million and planned IT-related investments accounted for the increase on this line. Turning to 2016, we expect the corporate expense line to be in the $110 million to $120 million range for the full year. Our tax rate was 38.35% for the fourth quarter and 37.2% for the full year. These rates are up from 2014 due to the changes in mix of our foreign income and the related foreign tax rates, as well as the unfavorable retirement plan valuation adjustments recorded through the first nine months of 2015. We currently expect our tax rates to approximate 37% for the full year in 2016. Our net income for the quarter of $161.3 million and our EPS of $1.07 was equal to the prior year. And for the year, our EPS of $4.63 was up slightly from the $4.61 for last year. Now let's talk about the balance sheet which we strengthened in the fourth quarter with effective working capital management and strong cash flows. Our cash at December was $212 million, which is an increase from the $138 million at December 31 last year. Our cash position continues to support our growth initiatives across all of our distribution businesses. Accounts receivable of $1.8 billion at December 31 is down 3% from the prior year on a 4% decrease in sales in the fourth quarter. We continue to closely manage our receivables and remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at the end of the quarter was $3 billion, down 1% from the prior year. Our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels and we will remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward in 2016. Accounts payable at December 31 was $2.8 billion, up 10%, and this is due to the positive impact of our improved payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors. We're pleased with our continued improvement in this area, and we're encouraged by the positive impact on our working capital and days and payables. Our working capital of $1.6 billion at December 31 has significantly improved from the prior year in both absolute dollars and as a percent of revenues. Our progress in this area contributed significantly to our record cash flows for the year. Effectively managing our working capital and in particular, accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable remains a high priority for our company. Our total debt of $625 million at December 31 is down approximately $140 million from the $765 million in the prior year. Our debt includes two $250 million term notes as well as another $125 million in borrowings under our multicurrency revolving line of credit. Our debt-to-capitalization is at 16.5%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We believe it provides our company with both the financial capacity and the flexibility, necessary to take advantage of the growth opportunities we may want to pursue. So in summary, our balance sheet is in excellent condition and remains a key strength of the company. We generated record cash flows in 2015, driven in part by our improvement in working capital. Cash from operations was $1.2 billion and free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends, was $682 million. This is a meaningful accomplishment for us. And for 2016, we're currently planning for another strong year of cash flows. We would expect cash from operations to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range and free cash flow of approximately $400 million to $450 million. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our priorities for cash includes strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, reinvestment in our businesses and the dividend. Strategic acquisitions remain an ongoing and important use of cash for us, and they're integral to the growth plans of our company. In 2015, we made a number of strategic acquisitions to expand our distribution footprint, and in total, these new businesses are expected to contribute $180 million in annual revenues. Thus far in 2016, we've added the Olympus Imported Parts distribution business, as covered by Paul. And looking forward in 2016, we will continue to seek new acquisition opportunities across all of our distribution businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. Although many of these opportunities will continue to be bolt-on-type companies with annual revenues in the $25 million to $150 million range, we are still open-minded to new complementary distribution businesses of all sizes, large and small, assuming the appropriate returns on investment. Turning to our share repurchases in 2015, we used our cash to repurchase 3.3 million shares of our stock under our share repurchase program. Through today, we have also purchased another 570,000 shares of stock, and today we have 5.7 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we have been slightly more aggressive with our repurchases given the value of our stock price over the last 12 months to 14 months. We expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead and continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and, combined with the dividend, provides the best returns to our shareholders. Our investment and capital expenditures was $48 million for the fourth quarter, which is an increase from the $34 million in the prior year. For the year, our capital spending was $110 million, up slightly from the prior year. We are currently planning for capital expenditures to increase further in 2016 to approximately $140 million to $160 million with the vast majority of our investments weighted towards productivity enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Effective yesterday, the board approved a $2.63 per share annual dividend for 2016, marking our 60th consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders. This represents a 7% increase from the $2.46 per share and is approximately 57% of our prior year earnings. This was slightly above our stated goal of a payout ratio of 50% to 55%, but we're comfortable going beyond this range from time to time due to our strong cash flows. So this concludes our financial update for the fourth quarter and the full year. And in summary, we operated in 2015 with relatively mixed results. That said, we improved the strength of our balance sheet with excellent working capital management, and effective cost control measures helped us produce an expanded operating profit margin. Additionally, we generated record cash flows and a record earnings per share for 2015. These are meaningful accomplishments and our progress in these areas supports our investment and growth opportunities such as acquisitions, as well as the return of capital to our shareholders with the dividend and share repurchases. We look forward to updating you on our future progress in the periods ahead. And I'd like to thank all of our GPC associates for their hardwork and their commitment to their jobs. I'll turn it now back over to Tom.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carol. So that will conclude our prepared comments on 2015. And in closing, we would say as mentioned earlier, that it was a challenging year in many ways but a gratifying year in other ways. Our revenue production in local currencies was solid across our Automotive businesses as it was in Office Products, but Industrial and Electrical found it more difficult. We were pleased to see strong operating margin improvements in Automotive and Electrical, but we had operating margin declines in Office Products and Industrial. We were, however, able to show a 10-basis-point improvement for GPC overall despite the Office Products and Industrial challenges. Gross profit was down 12 basis points for the year, but good work was done on the SG&A side, and SG&A was down 20 basis points. As a result, pre-tax income was up slightly, but due to the higher tax rate that Carol explained, net income was down slightly. On the balance sheet side, the progress was more consistent, with cash from operations and free cash, both setting new records and working capital was reduced once again in 2015. And we returned well over $600 million back to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. And we reinvested over $225 million back into the business through a combination of capital expenditures and acquisitions, and we expect to invest an additional $125 million in acquisitions over the next few months. And these CapEx and acquisition investments are intended to drive revenue and profit growth in the quarters ahead. Now, turning to the year ahead, as a general statement, we would say that we remain quite cautious in our outlook. The general economic conditions look a bit fragile and perhaps tenuous both domestically and globally. And as mentioned earlier, this is already having a significant impact on certain segments of our customer base, primarily in Industrial and Electrical. Conversely, we think that the outlook for our Automotive segment is generally favorable, but the currency impact will once again be a headwind to our Automotive growth in 2015. With all of that said, at this point, we would expect our 2016 revenues to be up 2% to 3% in Automotive with a currency headwind of 3%; Industrial, up 1% to 2%; Electrical, up 1% to 2%; Office Products, down 1% to up 1%; giving us a total GPC revenue expectation of being up 1% to 2% and up 3% to 4% before the currency impact. And with revenue growth at these levels, we would suggest an EPS range of $4.70 to $4.80, which will be up 1.5% to 3.5% after currency exchange impact of approximately $0.08 per share, and before the currency exchange impact, would be up 3% to 5% on a constant currency basis. At this point, we'd like to address your questions, and we'll turn the call back to Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our first question from Elizabeth Suzuki of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just wondering how much of the SG&A leverage in the fourth quarter was the result of lower stock compensation? And what other cost reductions were made in order to generate the impressive operating margins in the quarter?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Elizabeth, we would talk about that. I guess I would say primarily it's more coming in the areas of productivity improvements, and we've talked a lot about the investments we've made in technology and productivity things, and that would be both on our warehouses and our stores. Also I would point out additional leverage in our shared services and areas we're doing there. Even in our freight, we look at freight and optimization of our routes, fuel prices, we had improvement there. And then even bringing on some of the acquisitions. We're able to bring them on and put them on what we call the GPC programs, and we get the benefit of better pricing for those folks. So to a lesser extent, you'd have the impact of lower bonuses and commissions, and then kind of a tightening up that we do, like on travel and some areas such as that.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. So stock comp wasn't really a material benefit?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's really a combination of all those things. That was certainly not the primary. It's more in the productivity and some of the things that we're doing in improving our cost overall.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And for the Automotive segment, you noted that there was a weather impact in the fourth quarter since it was relatively warm through December. Do you think that should reverse in the first quarter, so that the average of 4Q and 1Q would be about the same year-over-year from a weather perspective?
Paul D. Donahue - President: Yeah. Elizabeth, this is Paul. We'd certainly hope to see it. What we're seeing in the early part of the year is encouraging. And certainly the folks up in the Northeast, Boston, New York are feeling the impact of colder temps returning, and we're seeing a bit of it in the Midwest as well. So, absolutely, we are encouraged with some of the weather changes we're seeing.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - President: You're welcome.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: We go next to Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Seth.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Good morning, Seth.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: My first question is on auto, just trying to understand a little bit better your expectations for 2016. You're looking for a growth of 2% to 3% on revenues, with a 3% FX headwind. So looking for core growth in the mid-single digit range, is that correct?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. In terms of the drivers of that core growth, weather might normalize a little bit, but are there any other initiatives that you can speak to that could help improve your business in 2016 relative to 2015?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Paul and I might double team this. But in his comments, he highlighted several things that we think are going to give us some good production in the year ahead. He talked about the top store initiative, and we'll add 150 of those this coming year and that will certainly be a benefit to us. So we've got other new distribution initiatives that will also help us. Paul mentioned some of the growth we're experiencing with NAPA AutoCare and with Major Accounts; we would expect that to continue in the year ahead. Our import program is performing well and we did add Olympus, the recent acquisition, so that will fuel growth there. So just a number of different things that we expect to have a positive impact as we go ahead.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Yeah. I would add to that, Tom. We – Seth, we'll continue to be opportunistic and fairly aggressive on the acquisition front, both in the U.S. as well as international as evident by our Covs acquisition. We do hope to close that here very soon in Australia. And we continue to expand our presence in Mexico as well, and, as you know, we launched our NAPA initiative down there in late 2014. It's early yet, but we remain encouraged by what we see in those markets as well.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Just to quantify it, approximately how much do you expect acquisitions to contribute to auto revenues in 2016?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The only one we've included in our guidance is Olympus. And just as a general statement, we normally will not include anything that we've not got a very, very high degree of confidence. And we've got a letter of intent and we've got a closing date, so we included Olympus. On the Industrial side, we included the two acquisitions that will close on March 1. But beyond that, we've not included any of the others in the guidance that we've given you.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it, thank you. And then my second question, really good performance on cash flow in 2015. As you look forward, it seems like you're expecting much higher at least percentage increase in CapEx and may not see as much payables leverage. Can you help us understand those two moving pieces to your cash flow expectations?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Talk about CapEx first. I mean, some of the CapEx, and you saw that we were lower than what our guidance was for 2015, some of that is the timing of projects. But I would specifically call out, we have a couple distribution center refreshes, relocations where we're enhancing again the productivity. And so that's built into there. And then some of our IT investments that we've talked about, and certainly in the warehouse management area. But again, some of it is the timing on projects. But we're certainly comfortable with the range we've given. And then you mentioned on the improvements for cash flow, I mean, one of our sources of cash from operations was in the decrease in accounts receivable. We had almost a $200 million source from accounts receivable, more related to our decrease in sales. So that's why we're guiding to a little bit lower number because we think that receivables won't be as much of a help to us in 2016.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much and good luck.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Seth.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Thanks. I had a quick follow-up for Carol, and then I wanted to ask Paul and Tom a couple, one thing. Carol, on the working capital, the AP-to-inventory ratio also improved a lot. Was there something there in timing, or do you think that could get to 100% from I guess what's now a little over 90%?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. We were pleased to see that be at 94% at the end of the year, and as you mentioned, improvements from the 84% the prior year. We don't have a set target for 2016, but I would tell you that we certainly would expect continued improvement. And there wasn't anything that drove that in particular in the fourth quarter. We continue to see improvement across all of our businesses. And that was really done despite lower inventory purchases in the Industrial sector, too
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Good. So that still has room to go, it sounds like?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It does.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Great. And then I'm not sure, Paul or Tom, who wants it, but if you think about this year and the guidance and some of the history of weather, if I go back to 2012, which I think is the last time we had a winter that was kind of mild to start, your comps decelerate, I think, maybe 400 basis points over a couple of quarters. Help us understand why this time could be different, or why we expect that auto should hold in there for the next couple of quarters? And I also wanted to make sure, Tom, you said Industrial would be up 1% to 2% this year. What accounts for that inflection from at least the second half of 2015's trend? Thanks a lot.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We'll take the Automotive first. I think we're basing our guidance more on some of the underlying strategies than we are on any weather impact. And the issues that – or the initiatives that Paul and I detailed just a moment ago, I think, are the primary reasons that we've guided to the levels we've guided at. So I think we're pretty comfortable at those levels as we work our way through 2016. In terms of the inflection in Industrial, there are two things. Again, the comment I made about we'll be adding $50 million of annualized revenue as of March 1 with the two acquisitions that we're making, that's one thing. And then the second thing, it's – six weeks does not a trend make by any stretch. But what we saw on a per day basis in January and what we've seen through mid-month February is a little bit better than what we experienced certainly in Q4 of this past year. And the other thing is not included in the guidance would be an expectation that we might be able to make another acquisition or two over the course of the year in Industrial.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Great. And that bit better on a per-day basis, was that more in the oil and gas and some of the areas that have been weak? Or is it already there? Has it already been positively improved?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think it's more across those segments that have held up reasonably well.
Greg Melich - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks a lot. Good luck.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right. Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Thank you.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question relates to capital allocation, and you're use of free cash. I think I detected a change at least in the rhetoric and prioritization. Historically you've always cited the dividend first, and today you cited strategic acquisitions and went into some depth in that. So is that my imagination, or is there some intent? Obviously, you've been raising the dividend for many, many decades, and that I know is not expected to change, but does that speak to an increased focus on strategic deals for you?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't know that it necessarily signals an increased focus, but there's a heavy emphasis and focus on strategic acquisitions right now, and we've actually got more discussions going than we had at certain points in the past. So, we're encouraged by the number of conversations that we're engaged in, and we would expect a certain number of those to come to fruition. And quite frankly, I think if we had 2015 to play over, we might have been even more aggressive on the acquisition front, but we just didn't find – we're unable to engage in enough discussions. But I think we've gotten that sorted out, and we're pleased with the level of activity we see there right now. So I don't think it at all indicates reduced interest in increasing the dividend, lower reduced interest in appropriate levels of share repurchase or CapEx expenditures across the businesses, but we're bit more optimistic about our opportunities on the acquisition right now than it might have been this time last year.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And Tom, would you expect most of your deals to be of similar size to the kinds of transactions that we have noted over the past several years in terms of general range?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I would say that's right. However, as Carol mentioned, if we would have find something larger that made sense for the shareholders then we would certainly like the opportunity to engage in that discussion. And the nice thing about our balance sheet is that we've got the wherewithal to fund acquisitions that are larger.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then shifting gears, just digging a little bit deeper into the Automotive P&L, you had quite a move in the profitability of that business in the absence of any kind of sales momentum. I understand that last year's margin compare in Automotive was somewhat depressed, so that might help the year-on-year compare, but can you just give us a little more color on what helped you generate that Automotive profitability?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I would call out – so in the quarter, I would say that of the 110 basis point improvement, a third of that came from gross margin and two-thirds was from SG&A. So our core gross profit and we've called this out before, we've seen continued quarterly improvement in our core gross profits for Automotive. And that's both in the U.S. and our international businesses and there has been specific things done in our foreign businesses to really take control of gross profit, especially with the headwinds that they've had on the strong U.S. dollar. And then two-thirds of the improvement came from SG&A, and it's some of the things that we called out earlier. So, again, Automotive has done a terrific job on the productivity side. And again, calling out some specific things they've done with investments in technology and systems and the warehouses and the stores. And then also, again, the freight, we've talked about route optimizations in some of those areas. And then, to a lesser extent, you had lower bonuses and incentives that impacted that in the quarter as well.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And were there reversals of any accruals in that business of year-to-date numbers that perhaps went the other way in Q4?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: There weren't anything else that we haven't already called out.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Matthew.
Operator: From JPMorgan, next we turn to Mark Becks.
Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. The sales outlook of plus 1% to 2% in earnings, that seems to imply kind of flat to up slightly EBIT margins. Is that, in fact, accurate? And then, how does that parse out between Automotive and Industrial? Presumably Automotive would be expected to be up a little, and then on the other side Industrial, I guess, would be expected to be down slightly? Is that the way to think about it?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Mark, I guess, we are probably implying – what we would imply is that we'd have some slight improvement in our operating margins. And I think what you called out is we would expect probably to see that, depending on the top line, more in the other sectors than the Industrial ones. But we're more implying for a slight improvement on the operating margin. I mean, we've called out we still have our corporate expense numbers a little higher. But again, I think we can be up slightly with what we're targeting.
Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, the other side of the ledger with Matt's question, you guys have been steadfastly committed to the dividend. I think you have a targeted payout ratio of 50% to 55%. And with your dividend announcement today it takes you slightly outside. Given your proven ability with strong cash flows, why is the 50% to 55% the right number? And then would you have any considerations for taking that up?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll try to answer that, Mark. This is Tom. First of all, the 50% to 55% is somewhat of an informal stated objective, and over time, we've come to conclude that a payout at that level is a reward and return back to the shareholder, while at the same time leaving us adequate funding to do the other things that we want to get done. So, yes, we're slightly above that. I think we're 57% of prior-year earnings with the recent dividend increase. I don't think you'll see us take that up materially from there. I think we'll take that, the capital that we're generating, the cash we're generating and invest it in some of these other areas.
Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. And then last quick clarification for Carol. You have that $250 million in November due. Any initial thoughts on that?
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's still premature, but our thoughts on that, is that we'll probably do some type of a renewal as we get close to the end of the year.
Mark A. Becks - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Up next, we go to Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Hey.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: A quick question on the top store rollout, you're adding 150. If that were successful, how many of your stores do you think are applicable here? I mean, how big could that concept get?
Paul D. Donahue - President: So, Bret, we're planning on 150 this year of our company-owned stores. We could go a bit greater in that number. We're going to see kind of how the first half plays out. When we've got stores that are in not exactly prime retail locations, so backstreets, more Industrial areas, we will certainly refresh those stores, but we will not go to the full top-store formats. But right now, we feel very good about our ability to roll out the 150, could expand it. We will also – any new stores and/or any new relocations this year, we will move to the new store format. And then at the appropriate time, we'll also bring in our independent owners who are ready to make that kind of a commitment as well.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then a question on Olympus. I mean, it's a $25 million revenue business. Is that something that you're getting a catalog you can roll out across the rest of the network that it will contribute in that import parts category more quickly? Or is that just something you're going to grow off of a relatively small base more slowly?
Paul D. Donahue - President: So, Bret, we are already and have had an import business inside of the NAPA network for a number of years that's Altrom. So we've been in that space. Olympus will be a nice bolt-on addition to that business, and we'll certainly bring with it increased expertise. They've got a great management team, an experienced management team. We've got expansion opportunities up there in that marketplace, but we're excited to bring those guys on board.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay, but there was nothing special about their catalog that you acquired that is leverageable?
Paul D. Donahue - President: No. No. No.
Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - President: All right. You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Tony.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Morning.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to ask a follow-up on some of the discussion with M&A. It sounds as if there is certainly an acceleration, and perhaps you had an appetite to maybe even have done more in 2015. Is that a result of more willing sellers or multiples have come in? Or are there some distressed businesses out there that you feel like you can pick up and gain some market share from right now?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Tony, I think it's more of the former two than the last point. We're not really bottom-fishing. We're not looking for distressed businesses. We're looking for businesses that give us an opportunity to expand geographically, or give us product diversification, and that fit us strategically for the long haul. I think, as I mentioned earlier to a prior question, I think we're just seeing right now the opportunity to at least engage in more discussions with certain sellers than perhaps we had seen a year ago. And certainly we're interested in following not just the discussions we're in now through to completion, but also identifying some additional opportunities that we could add to the organization.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Has the marketplace afforded more reasonable valuations for you as well?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, yeah, and I think you probably know at least we consider ourselves to be a fairly disciplined buyer, and there have been times in the past where we've engaged in discussions and we couldn't chin to the valuations and feel it was appropriate for our shareholders. But right now, we seem to have a number of folks that fit in the ranges that we would use for valuation purposes.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And switching gears a little bit, if you look across your competitive landscape and each of your segments, you've done an excellent job of keeping your inventory appropriate. Do you feel your competitors are also reacting accordingly to what appears to be at least in the non-auto segments a bit more of a sluggish or challenging environment?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Tony, if we could – something happened where you broke up a little bit there. Would you mind repeating the question?
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Sure, I'm sorry. Across the categories, I was wondering from a competitive standpoint, you've done a very good job on managing your inventory levels and keeping things somewhat appropriate. When you look across some of your competitive segments, and more so in the Industrial side, do you believe your peers are also reacting accordingly?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't know that I'd be in a position to address that honestly. The thing that I would say is that having the right amount of inventory and the right mix of inventory is a high priority for us across all of the businesses. And I think it's played out reasonably well for us and I expect that it'll be a heavy initiative for us going forward as well. I can't address what the competitors are doing.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Okay. Very good. Thank you for your time.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tony.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Thank you
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, guys.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Good morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. So I know you don't break out CapEx by division, but even as I look at the entire company, your CapEx is somewhere between a half and a quarter of your biggest Automotive competitors. And I know your model is, obviously, a bit different with the wholesale component, but I guess the question is do you believe those levels of CapEx are sustainable, number one? And number two, it does appear that some of those competitors are actually accelerating their own capital investments. So I guess in a nutshell the question is, do you think you're going to need to accelerate your capital investments at some point?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would take a first stab at that and Carol may jump in. But in the guidance that Carol provided, she said $140 million to $160 million in 2016, which is up a bit from where we have been historically. And I think for modeling purposes, you could probably use that for the years after 2016. So it is a little bit heavier. We're investing a bit heavier. And as Carol mentioned, it's for facility refreshments to enable us to be more productive in the throughput. It's for technology investments that enable us to either have better management information or enable us to be more productive in what we do. And at least as we look out over the next couple of years, it appears that that's an appropriate level for the next several years.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I guess, I think the only other two things I'd add is one is our maintenance level of CapEx, if you will, the amount we need to do each year is probably more in the $100 million range. And the other thing is we have our distribution footprint out there. I mean, we're really in all the areas we need to be. So, if anything, it's – we have a lighter level of investments on real estate. So more of ours is in the technology, productivity areas with systems. And so if we have investments in real estate, it's more due to a relocation or refresh.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. Okay, that's helpful. And then you guys did talk about there's quite a bit of regional variability in the auto business, obviously weather had an impact. I'm assuming part of that is also the, let's call it, stores in the oil patch or energy patch. Can you give us some more color around the magnitude of the differences experienced market by market?
Paul D. Donahue - President: Yes. Scot, this is Paul. What we saw in those markets that performed well, and I think I called out the East, certainly the Northeast, Florida, Central, out West, those businesses in Q4 all grew mid-single digits, good solid growth. The other end of the spectrum, and I believe I called out the Southwest and the Mountains, certainly impacted by oil and gas and Midwest, which we believe was more weather-related, were down low-single digits.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Perfect. All right. Thanks, guys.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Scot.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Carolina Jolly of Gabelli.
A. Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Co.: Thanks, guys, for taking my question.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
A. Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Co.: Good morning. In regards to the Industrial side of the business or Motion, what is your sense of inventory at your customers? And do you expect, I guess, any destocking going forward into 2016?
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Carolina, I'll try to answer that one. Most of what we sell on the Industrial side is not for customer inventory. It's for something that they need right now. So inventory fluctuations are not that big of a factor for us honestly. So what we do see is we do have some customers that would hold some inventory. And if they're a multi-location customer, we do see them employing what we might call a buy – or use what we own already. So we do see some inventory transfer among plants under the same ownership, but I don't think inventory fluctuations are going to have a material effect on our demand patterns over the next year.
A. Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Co.: Great. Thanks.
Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And with no further questions in the phone queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We thank all of you for participating in today's call, and we appreciate all of your support, and we look forward to reporting out to you with our first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude today's presentation. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - VP, IR Tom Gallagher - Chairman and CEO Paul Donahue - President Carol Yancey - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Elizabeth Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Becks - JPMorgan Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Management Carolina Jolly - Gabelli & Co. Bret Jordan - Jefferies & Co. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Sid Jones, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts' third quarter 2015 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during the call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Sid. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer are both on the call as well, and each of us has a few prepared remarks and once completed, we will look forward to answering any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our third quarter 2015 results and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3.922 billion, which was down 2%. Net income was $188.1 which was down 1%, and earnings per share were $1.24 this year compared to $1.24 in the third quarter last year, putting us even in EPS for the quarter. As has been in the case for year along, currency exchange has been a significant headwind for us both on the revenue and earnings results and the impact accelerated in the third quarter. Importantly, the local currency results for our international businesses remain solid but when converted to U.S. dollars we lost 4% on the revenue line and 5% per share in EPS in the quarter. Or stated in another way without currency impact our sales were up 2% and EPS was up 4%. In addition to the currency headwind, we continue to experience a slowdown in specific segments of the economy which impacted several of our businesses but most significantly in industrial and electrical. We will comment on this factor a bit more as we review the individual businesses and as we customarily do I will cover the non-automotive operations and then Paul will report on the automotive segment. Starting with Office Products, this Group saw this deceleration on the revenue side in the quarter. After being up double digit since sales growth in each of the first two quarters, the Office Products team ended the quarter up 3%. The deceleration is primarily attributable to anniversary in both increased volume from the Office Depot/OfficeMax merger last year, as well as the impact products acquisition that was completed in July of 2014. Each of these was a significant contributor to the double digit growth rates generated over the past four quarters and we anticipated the moderation in Q3. However, we would have to say that we saw a bit more deceleration than expected and more so as the quarter progressed. Our sense is that the underlying Office Products demand has softened over the past 90 days. From a channel perspective, the softening was more pronounced on the independent reseller side and we ended the quarter down mid single digits. Our mega channel remains strong posting another big double digit increase. On the product side, facility and breakroom supplies and furniture each had strong quarters and core office supplies were positive as well. Our technology products were down mid single digits. So putting it all together, our Office Product segment was up 3% for the quarter which in the current environment is probably a solid performance. However, we were expecting just a bit more in the quarter and we're watching the recent slowdown closely. Before closing on Office Products we do want to mention the acquisition that was completed on October 1. Malt industry is a $20 million distributor at safety products and this acquisition will help to further diversify both the product and customer portfolios for impact products and for S. P. Richards and we’re pleased to now have miles industries as part of our organization. They will contribute nicely to our Office Products results in the quarters ahead. Moving over to the industrial segment, Motion industry has experienced another challenging quarter ending the quarter with a 4% decrease. And demand patterns across our customer base were similar to what we have seen pretty much all year long. Customers and segments like lumber and wood products, food processing, cement and aggregate and automotive were generating solid positive results for us and we continue to make good progress with these accounts. Conversely, however, customers in the mining and resource oil and gas, iron and steel, pulp and paper and original equipment manufacturing are all running sizable decreases for the third quarter and year-to-date and notably the rate of decline actually accelerated as the quarter progressed. So despite the fact that there are number of positives within our industrial results, they are being more than offset by some of the specific headwinds and circumstances that we’re encountering and we don’t see this changing in the near term. In the meantime, our industrial team remains focused on key elements of their growth strategy. They were able to complete one acquisition in the quarter, Lake Erie Tool & Abrasive was acquired on September 1. This is a pre location distributor of tools and abrasives with annual revenues of approximately $30 million and Lake Erie will be a nice addition to the Motion organization. Additionally, the Motion team continues to make progress in the areas of securing new corporate account agreements, penetrating new markets and expanding share of wallet initiatives, each of which will contribute incremental revenue in the months ahead and will help to offset some of the declines that we are experiencing in the key customer categories mentioned earlier. But as with office products, we saw deceleration in our industrial results over the quarter which we feel is reflective of the ongoing challenges being faced by many segments of the manufacturing sector in the economy and this is a situation that will take a bit more time to work us way through. And I will wrap up the non-automotive operations with a few comments on EIS, our Electrical Segment Entity. This Group ended the quarter up 2% but in looking at the results more closely it shows that they are down 2%, netted acquisitions and copper pricing and similar to Motion many of their manufacturing base customers are experiencing end market headwinds. However it's interesting to note that EIS is made up of three different business segments. Electrical is the largest at 40%, fabrication is 30% and wire and cable is 30% and it's in the electrical segment where we are experiencing the most challenges. This business is running behind year-to-date while our fabrication and wire and cable segments are both generating solid increases, validating the diversification strategy that was embarked upon several years ago and this is something that they will continue to drive in the quarters ahead. End markets will remain challenging for the EIS team at least for the near term especially on the electrical side but they do have a number of potentially positive initiatives underway primarily in the fabrication and wire and cable sides of the business, and we are pleased with the progress they have made in each of these segments. So that will conclude the comments on the non-automotive businesses. And Paul will now review the automotive operations with you. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Tom. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I’m pleased to be with you here today and have the opportunity to revive you an update on our third quarter performance of our automotive business. For the quarter ending September 30, our global automotive sales were down 2% year-over- year. This performance consists of approximately 4% in core automotive growth, which is consistent with the second quarter and improved from the 3% underlying growth we reported in the first quarter. However, this was offset by a currency headwind of approximately 6% in the third quarter, which is up from a 4% currency impact in the first and second quarters. Previously, our expectation was the currency to hold at/or around 4%. Our U.S. team posted a 4% sales increase in the third quarter which is improved from the 3% growth we reported for the first and second quarters. Our international businesses which include Canada, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand reported another quarter of mid-single digit growth and local currency. We are encouraged by the positive trends we are experiencing in our U.S. results and the steady growth across our international markets. We expect that these trends continue in the periods ahead. In the U.S. we are pleased with the progress and we are seeing in our field operations across the country. While result vary by geographical reason, our teams are executing on our key initiatives and again we are pleased with the progress The Atlantic, North East, Central and Southern Region showed the strongest growth in the quarter. Likewise, our sales in the mid-western region of the country rebounded nicely in the quarter. This pay group reported solid growth following flat sales in the second quarter, which was directly related to the wet weather patterns experienced in this spring and early summer. The number of our stores throughout the South West including Texas and Oklahoma, as well as a number of our stores in the mountain division which includes Montana and the Dakotas continue to feel the effects of the downturn in the oil and gas business. So now let’s take a look at our same store sales for Q3.We are pleased to report our U.S. Company own store group. Group stores sales grew comps store sales in the third quarter by 5%. This is an improvement over 3% comp store increases we reported for both the first and second quarters. This 5% increase is on top of the 6% increase generated in the third quarter of 2014 giving us a two year stack of 11%. Our 5% increase in the third quarter was driven by a combination of increases on both our commercial wholesale side of the business and by our retail business. Let's start with that retail results. As mentioned in previous calls, we continue to expand our revamp DIY initiatives across our company owned store group. We’re pleased to report these initiatives are having a positive impact on the results as evidenced by an 8% increase in our retail business. This increase is being driven by both transaction and basket size increases, and is up from a 7% increase in the second quarter and on top of the 5% increase one year ago. As mentioned earlier, our retail initiatives have had a positive impact on both the size our average ticket and the numbers of tickets moving through our stores. In the third quarter we experienced an increase on our average retail ticket and a significant jump in the number of retail tickets. While we are still on the early dates of our rolling out our retail strategy, we are pleased with the initial returns. We have a great deal of heavy lifting in front of us but our team both in the stores and here at headquarters is truly energized. Moving along to our core commercial wholesale business, this is the dominant segment of our automotive business and in Q3 we turned in a 4% increase. This is a nice improvement from the 2% increase we reported in the second quarter and is on top of the 6% increase in the third quarter of 2014. The centerpiece of our commercial and wholesale business remains our major account alliances, as well as our NAPA AutoCare business. Our NAPA AutoCare business surpassed another milestone in the quarter, as our membership count has now gone over the 16,000 mark in the U.S., this Group generated high single digit sales increases in the quarter. And we can also report our major account partners delivered steady and solid growth in the quarter. Our fleet business bounced back after moderating somewhat in Q2. Sales to our fleet account showed a low mid-single digit sales increase in the third quarter which is in line with the overall growth of our U.S. commercial wholesale business. Our wholesale ticket trend was consistent with what we experienced in the second quarter. Our average wholesale ticket value was up mid-single digit with no benefit from inflation, while we saw a slight decline in the average number of tickets. Let's take a look at a few of our key product categories and review the trends we experienced in the third quarter. Our brakes category was a highlight again in the third quarter and it has been a strong category for us all year. And as mentioned in last quarter's update, we experienced a strong selling season with our heating and cooling categories. The warm summer temperatures we experienced across many parts of the country drove strong air conditioning sales well into September. We also saw a resurgence with our battery sales in the quarter. This category was off its historical growth rates in the first half of the year, but we are pleased to see a rebound in the third quarter. And finally, our NAPA import parts business continues to expand as we registered another quarter of low double-digit growth. So looking ahead to the fourth quarter of the year, we expect the significant foreign currency headwinds impacting our reported results to continue. That aside, we'll be working hard to further improve on our 4% underlying automotive growth achieved thus far in 2015. Turning to the trends we are seeing across the automotive aftermarket, the fundamental drivers of our business continue to be positive. The average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11 years. The size of the fleet continues to grow. Lower fuel prices remain favorable for the consumer and miles driven continues to post substantial gains. US driving topped 1.8 trillion miles over the first 7 months of the year, which is a new record. In addition, the latest month with reported figures is July, which was up 4.2% year-over-year, also a new record. This makes 17 consecutive months of increases in miles driven. As we look ahead, strategic M&A will continue to be a growth lever for our automotive business. We mentioned in our Q2 conference call that we entered into an agreement to acquire Covs Parts, a 25 branch distribution company in Western Australia. Covs will serve as a nice complement to our existing Repco business as they are focused on original equipment and aftermarket automotive parts, truck products and mining and industrial consumable. We had hoped to close this acquisition on October 1, but are currently awaiting regulatory approval and are targeting a close date no later than December 1. The addition of Covs Parts further expands our presence and scale in Western Australia and is expected to generate annual revenues of approximately $90 million in US dollars. Based on - back on August 1, we closed on a smaller store acquisition in Australasia, and although the revenues for this business are less than $10 million annually, these types of bolt-on acquisitions throughout North America and Australasia will continue to be a key focus for our teams. So in closing, we are pleased to show progress in our third quarter automotive results and we're working hard to continue these positive trends. We would like to thank our teams both in North America, as well as Australasia for their efforts and appreciate all that they do for the GPC automotive business. So that completes our overview of the GPC automotive business and at this time, I'll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul and good morning. We'll begin with a review of our income statement and segment information and then we'll review some key balance sheet and other financial items. Our total revenues for the quarter were $3.9 billion, consisting of underlying sales growth of 1.4%, seven tenths of 1% contribution from acquisitions. These items were offset by a strong currency pressures of 3.7%, which was somewhat stronger than we had anticipated. For the nine months through September, our total revenues of $11.6 billion, a 1% increase, consists of 2.4% core growth and 1.2% from acquisitions, offset by a 3% currency headwind. Our gross profit for the third quarter was 29.8%, up slightly from the 29.7% gross margin last year. For the nine months, our gross margin of 29.8% compares to the 29.9% reported last year. The progress we made in the third quarter is encouraging and primarily reflects the improvement in our automotive margins, although the office and electrical businesses also increased. The improvement in these businesses was partially offset by the continued pressure we're experiencing in our industrial business, which is due to the sluggish sales environment and lower inventory purchases, which ultimately negatively impacts supplier incentives earned. Executing on our gross margin initiatives is a key priority for our management team and we're committed to an enhanced gross margin for the long-term. We would also add that our gross margin initiatives are critical in offsetting the low inflationary environment that has persisted across our businesses for several years now, especially in automotive. Cumulative supplier price changes through September are negative three tenths of 1% for automotive, positive seven tenths of 1% for industrial, positive six tenths of 1% for office products, and a negative 1.5% for electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses were $869 million in the third quarter, which is a 2% improvement from the third quarter in 2014 and at 22.1% of sales compared to 22.2% last year. For the nine months, our total expenses are $2.6 billion, which is a slight increase from 2014, but improved as a percentage of sales to 22.4% compared to 22.5% last year. Our teams remain focused on controlling expenses in this environment and we continue to take actions to further improve our productivity and streamline our operations to enhance performance. Although we would expect to see more progress on this line in the periods ahead, it's also important to note that our SG&A as a percentage of revenue traditionally trends upward in the fourth quarter relative to the first nine months of the year and we are planning for that. Now let's talk about our segment results. Our automotive revenue for the third quarter was $2.1 billion, which is down 1.7% from the prior year and 52% of sales. Our operating profit of $202 million is up 4.5% and their margin improved just strong 60 basis points to 9.8%, which was due to improved gross margins and also expense controls. For the year, automotive sales of $6.1 billion are down seven tenths of 1% and our operating profit of $560 million is up 1.8% and our margin is improved year-to-date by 20 basis points to 9.2. Our industrial sales were $1.2 billion in the third quarter, a 4% decrease in 2014 and 30% of our revenues. Our operating profit of $90 million is down 5.4% and our margin was down slightly 10 basis points to 7.7. For the year, industrial sales of $3.5 billion represent 30% of our total revenues and are down 1% from 2014. Our operating profit of $267 million is down 2.6% and our margin is 7.5%, which is down 20 basis points from last year and this relates to the loss of leverage and lower incentives that have pressured this group for most of the year. Office products revenues were $511 million for the quarter, up 2.9% and representing 13% of our revenues. Our operating profit of $36 million is up 9.3% and their margins showed nice improvement up 40 basis points to 7.1%. This increase was driven by progress on both the gross margin and expense lines and it was partially related to the Office Depot, OfficeMax business, which we anniversaried July 1 of this year. For the year, office product revenues were $1.5 billion, up 10.9% from 2014. Our operating profit of $107 million is up 9% and our margin is down 10 basis points from last year to 7.3%. So we're pleased to see our margin for this business stabilize. The electrical electronic group had sales in the third quarter of $197 million, a 2% increase and 5% of total revenues. Our operating profit of $20 million is up 12.5%, so the margin for this group showed strong growth of 100 basis points to 10.2% which is a new record high. For the year, sales for this group are $574 million, up 2%. Their operating profit of $54 million is up 8.6% and the margin has improved to 9.4 from 8.9 last year. So a very solid 50 basis point improvement. So for the third quarter, our total operating profit was up 3% from last year and our operating margin improved by 40 basis points to 8.9% from 8.5%. For the year, operating profit grew 2% and our margin is 8.5%, which is up 10 basis points from the prior year. Our margin expansion in the third quarter was driven by improvement in gross profit and also solid progress in managing our expenses. We're very pleased with this expansion given our current sales environment. We had net interest expense of just over $5 million in the third quarter, and our year-to-date interest now stands at $16 million. We expect net interest expense of approximately $21 million to $22 million for the full year. Our total amortization expense was $8.5 million for the third quarter and is $26 million through nine months, which is consistent with last year. We currently estimate total amortization expense to be approximately at $35 million for the full year. The other line which reflects our corporate expense was $34.3 million for the quarter, which compares to $26.1 million last year. Through September corporate expense was $84.2 million compared to $74.5 million for the first nine months of last year. Primarily unfavorable retirement plan valuation adjustments of $5 million and $7 million for the quarter and the nine months account for the increases. In addition, we've experienced slight increases in cost such as legal and professional and IT related investment. Looking ahead we will expect that corporate expense line to be in the $100 million for the full year. Our tax rate was 37.45% for the third quarter and 36.85% for the nine months. These rates are up from 2014 due to the changes in our mix of foreign income and the related foreign tax rate, as well as the unfavorable retirement plan valuation adjustment that was recorded in the last two quarters. With these factors in mind, we currently expect our tax rate to be approximately 37% for the full year. Our net income for the quarter of $188 million compared to $190.5 million in the third quarter last year and our EPS at $1.24 was equal to last year. For the nine months, our EPS at $3.56 is up 1% from the same period last year. Now let's turn to our balance sheet, which we were able to further strengthen again in the third quarter. Specifically this speaks to our ability to effectively manage our working capital and drive increased cash flows. Our cash at September 30 was $199 million, an increase from $136 million at September of last year. We continue to use our cash to support the growth initiatives across our distribution businesses. Accounts receivable was $2 billion at September 30 is down 1% from the prior year and relatively in line with our 2% increase in sales for the third quarter. We continue to closely manage our receivables and remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at the end of the quarter was $3 billion or down 1.5% from September and a decrease of approximately 2.5% from year end. Our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels and we’ll remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels in the periods ahead. Our accounts payable at September 30 was $2.9 billion, up 12% from last year, which reflects the positive impact of our improved payment terms and other payable initiatives established with our vendors. We're pleased with our continued improvement in this area and we're encouraged by the positive impact it has on our working capital and days and payables. Our working capital was $1.9 billion at September 30, an improvement of 5% from last year. Effectively managing our working capital and in particular our accounts receivable inventory and accounts payable, remains a high priority for our company and we're pleased with our ongoing progress in this area. Our total debt at September 30 was $625 million, which is a decrease from the $835 million last year and a decrease from $850 million at June 30. Our total debt to capitalization is approximately 16.5% and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We believe it provides the company both the financial capacity and flexibility necessary to take advantage of the growth opportunities we may want to pursue. So in summary, our balance sheet is in excellent condition and remains a key strength for the company. We also continue to generate solid cash flows driven by the significant improvement in our working capital. We’re raising our 2015 cash flow projections for the full year. We're now planning on approximately $950 million in cash from operations. Additionally we currently expect free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends to be approximately $450 million. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for cash is the dividend, which we've raised for 59 consecutive years. The 2015 annual dividend of $2.46 per share represents a 7% increase from the $2.30 per share paid in 2014 and its well within our goal of 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our four businesses, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures was $25 million for the third quarter and through the nine months capital spending is $62 million. We expect our expenditures in the fourth quarter for the full year to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million. The vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects primarily in technology. Our depreciation and amortization was $34 million in the third quarter and its $106 million through nine months, which is down slightly from 2014. Looking ahead, we're projecting depreciation and amortization to be approximately $140 million to $150 million for the full year in 2015. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of our cash for us and they're integral to our growth plans. For the nine months through September, we've invested approximately $115 million for the acquisition of several new distribution businesses, including the two in the third quarter previously covered by Tom and Paul. Also as previously mentioned, we closed on an acquisition on the office products business, small industries and we expect to acquire Covs, as Paul mentioned, later this quarter. So as you can see, acquisitions are important to our growth plans and we'll continue to seek new acquisition opportunities across our distribution businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. Although many of these opportunities will be smaller sized companies with annual revenues in the $25 million $150 million range, we're open minded to new complimentary distribution business of all sizes, large or small, assuming the appropriate returns on investments. Finally, during the quarter we used our cash to repurchase approximately 950,000 shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program. For the nine months, we've repurchased 2.5 million shares and today we have seven million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we've been slightly more aggressive with our repurchases given the value of our price during those for this year. We expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead and we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. That concludes our financial update for the third quarter and nine months. So in summary, we've growth plans in place and are intensely focused on showing progress in periods ahead. Despite our recent challenges and the relative uncertainty in the global economy over the near term, we're encouraged by the fundamental opportunities we see across our distribution businesses. In closing, we would like to thank all of our GPC associates for their hard work and commitment to their jobs. Our people truly are our greatest asset. Now I’ll turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and thanks to you and Paul for the comprehensive updates. So that will conclude our prepared remarks and clearly it was another challenging quarter for us. However, underneath the headline numbers, there were a number of positives as well. Few examples, the 4% constant currency increase in automotive and 5% company store same-store sales growth shows steady progress as does our mid single digit local currency increases in Australasia, Canada and Mexico. Also in Automotive, the continued strong results coming from the NAPA Auto Care and major account initiatives are two primary and commercial programs and the solid 8% increase in our retail business show good progress on both the commercial and retail sides of the business. The completion of two key acquisitions in the quarter, one in office products and one in industrial and we expect to announce a few others of similar size before yearend and all this will give us a bit of a sales lift going into 2016. Gross margin improved 12 basis points in the quarter and SG&A decreased six basis points enabling us to show operating margin improvement in three of our four businesses and an overall GPC operating margin improvement of 40 basis points. On the balance sheet, good work was done in the areas of accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable, enabling us to show a nice reduction in working capital as well as a nice increase in cash generation and there are ongoing progress being made by GPC team in a number of key areas as well, which will all serve as well in the quarters ahead. However, the one area that continues to give a significant challenge is revenue growth across all of our businesses. Currency is having an effect on each of the businesses to one degree or another both directly and indirectly, and specific economic issues are impacting us especially in industrial and electrical. Although both of these issues are transitory, we don’t expect them to moderate in the near term. Additionally as mentioned, we saw deceleration in our growth rates in three of our four businesses as the quarter progressed and the early October results are bit softer than planned. At this point, we don’t see any evidence of share loss across the businesses and our sense is that we are seeing further softening and overall in market demand. With all of that said considering current market circumstances and trends, we feel that's appropriate to revise our year-end guidance downward. Prior we gave you guidance on automotive of being up 1% to 2% and currently we would say that automotive will be flat to up just slightly with a 5% headwind from currency exchange. Industrial, our prior guidance was flat to up 1 and now we would say down 2% to down 3% with a 1% currency impact. Office Products will remain the same, prior it was up 7% and 8% and currently we say it will be 7% and 8%. And electrical prior guidance was to be up 3% to 4%, and we would say now up 2% to 3%. So for total GPC prior guidance was up 2% to 2.5% and right now we would say flat to up slightly with little bit more than a 3% impact from currency exchange. And with revenues at these levels, our prior guidance per earnings per share was to be $4.65 to $4.70, but we would say now $4.55 to $4.60 with a $0.15 to $0.16 per share currency exchange impact and on a comparable basis that would put us at $4.70 to $4.76, which will be up 2% to 3%. So that will conclude our prepared comments. And at this time, we will turn the call back to Victoria to take your questions. Victoria?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Good morning, guys. Can you parse out the foreign exchange impact between Australia and Canada, et cetera? And do you think the headwinds should start to ease in maybe not the next quarter, but starting 2016?
Tom Gallagher: I'll try to answer that Elizabeth. We can't give you the specifics right now on the impact by country, but I can’t tell you that currency exchange quarter-end-over-quarter-end we were down about 20% in Mexican Pesos, about 18% in both Canadian and Australian Dollars. If that helps, we will be happy to follow up with you.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay, thanks. In the industrial segment, are there cost-cutting measures or price cuts that you can execute to try to offset the demand headwinds? Are you noticing any market share shifts among your competitors at all?
Tom Gallagher: We are adjusting our cost structure as we go forward. What normally happens is when we get in the periods like this and we have seen prior periods similar to this. Revenue declines a bit more quickly than we can get to cost structure down, but eventually, we will catch up with it. And then at least based upon prior experiences what we have seen is that, when revenue does start to come back, the earnings come back fairly quickly and at a bit stronger pace because of the good work that the team does on the cost side of the business. As far as share shifts, we don't see anything right now that would indicate to us that we are losing business. I had mentioned in my comments that good work is going on in landing new agreements with specific customers, which might suggest that we are at least holding our own, perhaps picking up a little bit, but as being overshadowed by the declines we are seeing in certain categories right now.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Becks with JPMorgan.
Mark Becks: Hi, thanks. On the sales guidance, I just wanted to sharpen the pencil on automotive and industrial. So it looks like it's implying kind of 5% to 9% declines in industrial and then in automotive, it seems like 4Q is like 2% to 6%. So I was just hoping you can - obviously, with 4Q being a little bit of a smaller quarter, it gives a wide range, so I'm hoping you can drill that down a little bit.
Tom Gallagher: You're going to have to help me on that. I get a little confused when you referenced second quarter.
Mark Becks: Yes, so if we use the guidance for down 2% to 3% in industrial, it seems to imply a down 5% to 9% decline in industrial. So I want to see if that seems appropriate. And then similarly with automotive, if we should be thinking about kind of 2% to 6% sales growth in that category for the fourth quarter.
Carol Yancey: I think on the industrial, you are probably a ted high. What you saw as Tom mentioned, the later part of the quarter got worse in the industrial segment. So we are guiding for a little bit worse in Q4 so it’s probably more at the lower end of the range that you talked about. And then I think as you look out for what automotive would be Q4, I think you are in line with what we are using. Part of that is the currency. If currency won’t be quite as strong of an impact in Q4, it's going to be more back to where it was like Q2.
Mark Becks: All right, that's helpful. And then within industrial more specifically, if I look at your 4% sales decline, it looks like it was a little bit more severe than some of the competitors out there. I was just curious who you see the major competitors being, whether it be an Interline or perhaps maybe a Grainger or Fastenal who looked like their top line was a little bit stronger?
Tom Gallagher: Yes. We would not say that they are direct competitors. The best comparison I think would be with Applied Industrial Technologies with Kaman and with DXP. They would be the ones that we would encounter most frequently and would have the cost with the clearest overlap in product offering. If we look at Interline or if you like at Grainger or Fastenal, we really don’t overlap with them as much on the product categories that we sell.
Mark Becks: Understood. And then just last question, you operated a distribution business essentially with four distinct segments. I know some of the facilities are shared warehouses, but I was just hoping you can kind of tease out what benefits you derive from operating the multiple segments and then the potential synergies you gain, whether it be from fleet or transportation or shared services from the various segments? Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: You mentioned three of the areas where we do get some leverage, certainly on transportation both inbound and two to three outbound. We certainly get it in the area of shared services without question. We don't share facilities to a large degree today. Each business runs independent facilities. That’s something that we think potentially we could do as we go forward. We are looking at it now between the couple of the businesses. But we share technology enhancements and capabilities. We generally pilot something new in one of the business, prove the concept and then start to roll it into other businesses. There are several things that we do across all of the businesses once we prove that the concept gives us a kind of returns that we are looking for.
Carol Yancey: And Mark I just want to be clear on automotive guidance that we talked about. What we were talking about is probably flat up slightly for Q4 that’s what implies, but the FX would be about 4%. So that is kind of what you are talking about.
Mark Becks: Okay. So with kind of the 4% core automotive growth rate, it seems like that's a good number to think about for fourth quarter as well.
Carol Yancey: Yes, it is. And last year Q4 our automotive comp was at 6%. So that’s a good number.
Mark Becks: Okay, great. Best of luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. Tom, I think in your final comments, you mentioned that revenue decelerated across the business through the quarter. Could you help, I guess give a little bit more color then into October and specifically in auto what you saw. Does that mean that auto had a really strong beginning of the quarter and now it's just at that lower level that you just inferred or what do you think is going on there?
Tom Gallagher: We saw the quarter was softer. The underlying business as Paul mentioned was pretty good. But we did see deceleration in our U.S. based business, as well as in the international businesses. The delta is not as significant in automotive as it is in industrial - and to a degree in office products. The only business that we did not see deceleration across the quarter was in our electrical business. The other three all declined. If we look at the early results in October, it’s pretty much in line with what we saw in the back half of the quarter is softer than what it had been. We think right now based upon what we can gather from talking with our customer base and with our supplier base is we think end market demands have pulled back a bit from what we had seen earlier in the quarter and certainly through first half.
Greg Melich: If I could follow up on the gross margin, what drove the expansion there, again, especially in auto? Was it the stronger dollar helping, price optimization, vendor leverage? What are you seeing there?
Carol Yancey: Actually Greg, it’s all those things. We were pleased - this has been our second quarter, our gross margin improved with automotive and some of the things that we put in place earlier in the year and certainly you talked about it with our foreign operations. We had to put some things in place on both the buy side and the sell side to combat the currency issues. Those are working quite nicely for us in Q2 and Q3. And then really on the U.S. business too, their gross profit is up as well and that’s really just strong focus on both the buy side and the sell side. It’s just really all across the board. So we’ve been pleased to see their improvements. I'd tell you going into Q4, the only headwind is going to be coming with industrial and just a further softening in their top line. So if we can maintain where we were at be flat or slightly up, through the rest of the year, but we’ve got a little bit of headwind with industrial.
Greg Melich: That’s great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and good morning to you. The first question I want to ask is about the cadence of cost control. The Company responded quite well to the revenue slowdown in the quarter, both in SG&A and in working capital. And the deceleration in SG&A growth or I guess the move to a decline was a real step change from where you had been. The guidance that you gave as best I can tell suggests a trend in SG&A much closer to the year-to-date number than what you saw in the third quarter. So can you talk about what enabled you to cut costs so substantially in Q3 and why you don't expect that same pace of expense reduction to persist into Q4?
Carol Yancey: What we talk about is, look we were extremely pleased with the progress in Q3 and I'd tell you from an SG&A standpoint, again our team suggesting our cost structure to where we saw the topline to be and it’s in a lot of different areas on SG&A and we’ve seen improvement that’s come in automotive really all year with SG&A. It’s really hard with industrial and their lack of top line for them to have. And they are going to have continued pressure on their SG&A line. When you look at the full year, I’d really point you to look at our operating margins through the nine months where each of our businesses except industrial have improvements through the nine months and where we are at 10 basis points operating margins, that’s really probably more of what we expect to be for the full year.  We had sequential better sales in Q3, especially in automotive. So we leverage better on the SG&A. Q4, you just have a lower sales volumes, their seasonality. You won't get as much SG&A leverage. And then we are guiding on the corporate expense. You see a change there for the end of the year. We had some favorable onetime items in corporate expense at the end of the year and we called those out last year and there was a swing of almost – there will be a swing of almost $10 million in that retirement plan adjustment. So some of those things are factoring into our full year guidance to get us more to the year-to-date number you’re looking at.
Matthew Fassler: Okay. Secondly, and very briefly, I know you announced a couple of new acquisitions. Is it possible just to sum up I guess the annualized revenue that you acquired and just how we think about that factoring into the full-year guidance? I suspect that the numbers are going to be reasonably small contributors, but anything we need to factor in as we build up our organic versus acquisition model for Q4?
Carol Yancey: Well, we have contemplated those acquisitions in our guidance. The one that Paul mentioned, the Covs acquisition doesn't close to December 1. So there is a very small amount that would go in there. But if you look at the ones we've already exposed on, you’re talking about something around 140 million on an annual basis and that excludes the Covs deal but hasn't closed yet.
Matthew Fassler: And these are acquisitions -- the $140 million are for acquisitions you announced today?
Carol Yancey: They are the ones going back to January 1.
Matthew Fassler: Okay, got it. 
Carol Yancey: We have had about 7. But those are in our 2015 guidance already.
Matthew Fassler: So the new news we would have to add to our models is kind of immaterial for the rest of the year?
Carol Yancey: That's correct.
Matthew Fassler: And then finally interesting commentary on office products and I guess wondering for your insights on the independents sort of bearing the brunt of the slowdown. When do you typically see that in a cycle? I know that there can be some volatility by channel, so I don't want to make too much of it, but you did call it out. So curious for your read from the field on what that typically means.
A – Tom Gallagher: Well, the independence this is two consecutive quarters at the independent side of the business that has been down and we see further consolidation happening in that customer segment currently. We see more of that continuing honestly as we work away through year end but our expectation would be that the independent side of the business would be positive for us in 2016, probably have another quarter or two were to be negative ahead of us yet.
Matthew Fassler: It sounds like you have visibility, Tom, to some consolidation by actual deals that have happened that are changing the landscape a bit and then those run their course.
A – Tom Gallagher: Well there are some of that, that’s right, that’s right. And we have visibility to some that we think are going to happen.
Matthew Fassler: Fair enough. Got it. Okay, thank you so much, guys.
A – Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. My first question is on the industrial side looking at the margin performance there, which was very good all things considered. Can you help us understand a little bit more on the gross margin side versus SG&A side where you saw more pressure and how you expect that to play out in the fourth quarter?
Carol Yancey: So on the industrial side and their growth margin is actually down and then their SG&A is not improved either. That’s the one area that I mentioned that - look the size the top line, it's also the volume incentive, so their volume incentives are down similar to their sales decrease in the quarter and we would expect those to be down for the full year as well. So they are just not getting the same level and so that’s going to be, I think both pressure on gross margin and SG&A. So where their margins down 10 basis points through the nine months given where we have guided to for the full year we could see a little more pressure on that operating margin for the rest of the year.
Seth Basham: Got it. So only a little bit more than 10 basis points. Does that mean 2030 or even more severe than that?
Carol Yancey: Well, we’d hope that will not be more severe than that. Look we are really hopeful that - right now we just don’t know but hopefully it’s something what you described.
Seth Basham: Got it, okay. Moving on, on the auto side, looking at the core business on the wholesale side in the U.S., this is the second quarter in a row that you've talked about ticket counts being negative, not dramatically so, but any more color there why that's happening, Paul?
Paul Donahue: Yes, and I think you and I talked about that last quarter. Look there is a couple of things happening here, one certainly vehicles, vehicle quality is a heck of lot of better today and I think we’re seeing some of that impact on the number of cars coming into the bays. But what you do see when they do come in that the repair is at a higher price which were seeing and we’re pleased to see as our average ticket value continues to - continues to go up in the right direction. So, it's something that we’re watching a bit Seth you are correct it is two consecutive quarters and we’re going to continue to monitor it but we would expect that to bounce back in 2016.
Seth Basham: Got it. Is there one segment of your wholesale business that is showing more weakness? Is it the up and down the street garage customer?
Tom Gallagher: No, not really, Seth. I mean if you - the numbers that we shared with you, our auto care business continues to be strong and that's, that’s all different sizes of shops. Our major account business continues to be solid, so there is no one area jumping out.
Paul Donahue: It maybe reflective but what’s happening with the car counts in the bays and I think there is some inconsistency across the board in the industry with car counts I think some are experiencing increased car counts and others are flat to may be down just slightly.
Seth Basham: Understood. Okay, thank you very much and good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Management.
Tony Cristello: Thanks, good morning. Tom, can you sort of maybe categorize a little bit how this slowdown feels versus other slowdowns you've experienced? The severity doesn't seem like it's as bad in any way, but the beginning stages here I guess give pause and I think you even alluded to watching some things to maybe give you an indication how this may play out.
Tom Gallagher : It’s an interesting question Tony. On the one hand we looked at a set of data points that would indicate that things are going along, okay. On the other hand you look at a different set and they suggest to you that it’s in consistent what the first set of data might indicate. Right now it feels like we’re in a grind-it-out mode in several of our businesses and there seems to be quite a bit of caution on the part of a number of our customers primarily in the non-automotive businesses in terms of CapEx and investing for future growth. And I think people are being very careful about how they’re spending their money right now on investing for the future. So, right now from at least from my perspective we still have a couple of quarters I think to work our way through this and I think it’s going to be a gradual path forward not anything that’s going to be a hockey stick type recovery. I think it’s going to be slow for another quarter or two and then hopefully we’ll start to see the evidence of that. And if you look at the disconnect, on the industrial side the disconnect between industrial production and capacity utilization, they seem to be going in different directions right now and historically they tend to move in line with one another. So again, just they’re conflicting sources of information currently.
Tony Cristello: Okay. And was there something in particular on the office side as well, which seems to be holding up better that gives you a little bit of a pause in a different manner than what you've seen in industrial?
Tom Gallagher : On the office products side, we thought like the team together a pretty darn good quarter having anniversaried the two significant impacts. Being up 3% in the current environment I think is reflective of some good work being done by the office products team. The thing that gives us a little bit of pause though is, we actually thought we might be just a slightly better as we went into the quarter, we thought it might be a little bit stronger than the way it turned out and we saw some deceleration as the quarter progressed as I mentioned and that’s continued on into the first half of October. So we don’t have the sense right now as to what the real cause but what we do know and talking with our primary vendors is that this is not unique to S.P. Richards or Genuine Parts, they're seeing this across most of their customer base and it just seems to be a temporary slowdown that hopefully we will reverse itself as we work our way through the quarter.
Tony Cristello: Okay, that's great color. Maybe if I can ask one more, on the automotive side, you are having very good success in terms of the DIY and gaining some traction with various initiatives. Maybe if you could just add a little color to that in terms of is it simply you're a much higher percentage commercial business and so adding that emphasis on DIY is easy to gain that share? Is there something you are doing perhaps differently than what your traditional DIY-focused retailers would? Or is it a situation where even your affiliates are seeing an increased appetite for that type of product and maybe they are gaining some share from what seems to be a competitive marketplace with some disruption over the last couple of years?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Tony this is Paul, I would tell you that and we’ve talked about it a bit in previous calls. We have put a renewed focus on our DIY business. We've addressed many of the fundamentals expanding our store hours, additional training for our folks, we’ve added some personnel in the stores, and we’ve also are testing out a new retail store format Tony that we've began to roll-out in 2015. And it’s very early yet, but we’re pleased with the results and we'll be reviewing that the balance of this year and make a decision as we go into 2016. Generally what takes place, you mentioned our affiliates are independent owners, they will many times let us pioneer some new ideas and certainly new approaches. I think they will get on board when they see the kind of success that we're driving in the retail side. Many of our independent owners do a heck of a job today on the retail side of the business anyway. So it's early yet, Tony, but I would tell you we're pleased with the results that we are seeing.
Tony Cristello: Okay. Now that's great. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carolina Jolly with Gabelli & Company.
Carolina Jolly: Thanks, good morning. So looking at your results, you've got some challenged end-market promotions. Has this distress made any potential acquisition targets, maybe something similar to Lake Erie, more willing to discuss a potential sale?
Tom Gallagher: Well, as you know, it takes a willing seller and a willing buyer. We are a willing buyer. We just have to find more willing sellers that are willing to sell at prices that we think are favorable to the shareholders of Genuine Parts Company. I mentioned in my comments that we have a couple more that we think we'll announce prior to year end, none of which will have any material influence on Q4. But will help us as we go into the first quarter of next year. So there are a number of conversations that are going on. A couple are further along and we feel confident that we'll get a few closed by year end and hopefully we can generate some additional interest from some others.
Carolina Jolly: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan of Jefferies.
Bret Jordan: Morning. A good question. I guess as we talk about Mexico, and it was about a year ago that you began to go to Mexico with the NAPA brand as opposed to Auto Todo. Could you give us any color on how the traction is building there as you are rebranding?
Tom Gallagher: You bet, Bret. It was - you've got a good memory, it was just about exactly one year ago that we launched our initiative in Mexico and bringing the NAPA brand down to Mexico. We - where we are currently, we're on track, we're on target. We expect to end the year with 20 to 25 NAPA stores in the region. I would also tell you that probably since we last talked, we're in the process of recruiting a couple of strong entrepreneurial independent owners who are opening stores down in the region as well. So - so far we're on track.
Bret Jordan: Okay, and then one other regional question. You mentioned some of the energy states were a little softer than the average in performance in the quarter. How about the West ex the energy states? If you go all the way out to the coast, how was the regional performance there?
Tom Gallagher: Yes. So the west - and I did mention our team out West, but they are holding their own, Bret. They were right at the overall growth number for the commercial business and our overall business. So West is holding up okay. We're seeing, as I mentioned solid growth up and down the East Coast, all the way down into the southern and Florida groups, most of our softness or where our softness is, it's almost directly tied to some of those oil and gas markets.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then one last question, as you were talking about M&A, is there any thought about increasing the Company-owned store base within NAPA, either just buying in independents as they retire or doing something more structural there? I mean, obviously, as you are getting a retail operation, you get maybe a better return on the average store. Is there a thought about upping the Company-owned store count?
Tom Gallagher: I think you'll see that happen as time goes on, Bret. Our basic philosophy is we'll own the stores in and around the major metropolitan areas and we'll have good independent owners in the outlying areas. And I don't think that will change materially going forward. But as a percentage of our total automotive volume going out a few years, you'll probably see the corporate stores represent a little bit higher percentage of the total volume than the independent stores do today.
Bret Jordan: All right. Great, thank you.
Tom Gallagher: All right, Bret.
Operator: Your next question – your final question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys. Thanks for letting me in under the wire here. Couple of things, first of all, I guess, obviously, we did see at least a slight deceleration in auto despite what seemed to be pretty favorable weather for most of the quarter. So for the sake of focusing on an admittedly short-term issue, I guess the question is probably for Paul. Do you have concerns that we could start to see a little bit of incremental softening if the mild weather we've seen for most of the fall here continue deeper into the quarter?
Paul Donahue: Scot, you hit it. Our - we did see slight deceleration as the quarter progressed. We had a really strong both June and July saw a little bit of a downtick, slight downtick in August and September. It's early yet, but we're certainly optimistic that the quarter will come in as we projected. But I think as Tom mentioned in his comments, in the overall environment that we're in, we are in a - we are definitely in a grind it out kind of mode right now as we go into the fourth quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli: So would you attribute the little bit of deceleration that we saw in auto to weather or was it something else, just so it's kind of clear for everyone?
Paul Donahue: No, I don't think it's tied to weather, Scot. Actually the weather throughout the summer and even into September we had I think a warmer than normal summer, which resulted in some good numbers for us and categories like air conditioning was strong, batteries were solid in the quarter. So no, I don't think it attributable to weather at all.
Scot Ciccarelli: Well, you've mentioned before that you guys are exposed to more industrial related to stuff in NAPA than maybe some of your competitors are. Is that where you are seeing it, some of the items that you've mentioned before on that front?
Paul Donahue: No, as I mentioned in a previous question, where we are seeing softness, it is directly in some of the more dominant oil and gas markets, Southwest for sure, some of the mountain areas, which includes some of the fracking country up in the Dakotas and Montana. We do - do a lot of business in the fleet, Scot. We do a lot of heavy duty business. We do a lot of heavy duty filter business and we are seeing some fairly significant declines in those categories in those markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, I knew you mentioned the geography. I was just trying to clarify on the product. That's helpful. And then previously, I think, as Carol mentioned, you guys are comfortable with the receivables. Can you help us understand how much exposure you have to some of these troubled end markets? You've referenced mining, oil, gas, etc. and is there a point where you start to consider changes to terms to some of these customers as you try and protect against potential losses, just given the strain on some of their own balance sheets?
Carol Yancey: Actually, we very closely monitor accounts receivable and certainly what you are speaking about in the industrial area, right now, we're not taking steps, additional steps to modify anything. But I can tell you its just a constant focus on our receivables. We feel like we're in pretty good shape. We actually already have an outlook and an estimate for what our full year bad debt expense will be and we don't have anything that we're concerned about. I think our customers and the terms that we have, we have a pretty close insight as to what's going on. So I wouldn't see anything there.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got you. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Carol Yancey: All right.
Tom Gallagher: I've got just one last point. Keep in mind that I think across the enterprise our team has done a very good job in accounts receivable management. Carol pointed out earlier that we are down 1% in receivables year-over-year, which I think is a pretty good job.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thanks, Tom. I appreciate that.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank everybody for participating in this quarter's conference call. And if you have any further questions, let us know. But we appreciate your interest in and support of the company and we look forward to talking to you again after our fourth quarter earnings in February. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones – Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Gallagher – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Donahue – President Carol Yancey – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Mark Becks - JPMorgan Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Elizabeth Suzuki - Bank of America Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Sid Jones, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts' second quarter 2015 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We’ll begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Sid. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer are both on the call as well, and each of us has a few prepared remarks and once completed, we’ll look forward to answering any specific questions that you may have. Now earlier this morning, we released our second quarter 2015 results and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3.940 billion, which was up 1%. Net income was $195.4 million, which was down 1%, and earnings per share were $1.28 this year compared to $1.28 in the second quarter last year, putting us even in EPS for the quarter. So it was a challenging quarter for us both on the revenue and earnings side, largely attributable to the impact of currency exchange on our international business, as well a continued slowdown in specific segments of the economy which impacted several of our businesses. Paul and I will comment more on these factors as we review the individual business results in a bit more detail. I'll cover the non-automotive businesses first and the Paul will follow on the automotive segment. Starting with Office Products, this team turned in another strong quarter with sales up 14%. The biggest contributor to our overall growth rate continued to come from the mega accounts as has been the case for the past four quarters, and we're enjoying strong results with this customer segment. On the independent reseller side, we saw some moderation in the overall results in the quarter. After four consecutive quarters of steady growth, the independent channel was flat in the second quarter. We were pleased to see a respectable month in June, however, from this important customer segment, and hopefully this will carry on in the months ahead as well. On the product side, we were pleased to see solid growth across all four of our major product categories with facility and breakroom and furniture continuing to post the strongest increases, but we had solid results from technology products and core office suppliers as well. Now as a point of information, in the third quarter, we will anniversary the acquisition of Impact Products which was acquired on July 1st of last year. Additionally, we will anniversary the increased volume from the Office Depot/OfficeMax combination. So as a result of these two factors, our overall office products growth rates will moderate some of over the second half of the year. However, we continue to feel good about the progress that is being made by the office products team and they will turn in a solid performance for us in the second half and for the full year. Moving on to our two businesses that are tied to the manufacturing segment of the overall economy, EIS and Motion Industries. We'll start with EIS, our electrical company. After being up 1% in the first quarter, this team posted a 3.5% increase in the second quarter which was good to see, but candidly acquisition volume drove the improved results with the underlying business actually ending the quarter down 2%. All of this decrease in the underlying business is attributable to the ongoing slowdown in the electrical side of the business, and this is largely due to the continued challenges faced by a number of our original equipment manufacturer customers, challenges faced by our oil and gas customers, as well as a sizeable reduction in copper pricing year-over-year. Conversely, our wire and cable and fabrication and coating segments continued to perform well for us. These two businesses now account for just over 55% of our total EIS revenue, and we are pleased with the progress that they are making. Looking out over the remainder of the year, our expectation is that we will continue to face challenges in the electrical side of the business, but we do expect a solid second half from the wire and cable and fabrication and coating teams. Before turning it over to Paul, a few comments on Motion Industries, our large industrial distribution company. These folks had a challenging second quarter ending with sales down 2%. Unfavorable currency exchange was a factor in the quarter, but in addition to that we saw further weakening in certain segments of the customer base in the quarter as well. From a product category perspective, across our top 13 categories, we had six categories that had increases, one category was flat, and six categories had decreases in the quarter. These 13 categories in total account for over 90% of our industrial business and you can see the inconsistency and the choppiness in the results. If we look at our top 20 customers, the pattern is somewhat similar. Among these 20 customers, 11 were up, 2 were even with the prior year, and 7 were down. Again, inconsistent and choppy results. Our strongest performing customer segments, both for the quarter and year-to-date, are in the automotive, aggregate and cement, and lumber and wood products categories, and these results would mirror the strength of the performance of each of these segments in the overall economy. On the other side of the ledger, our weakest results will be with customers in the oil and gas, iron and steel, pulp and paper, and original equipment and machinery segments. And here again, we think that this is reflective of overall economic trends and the uneven recovery among the North American manufacturing base with some segments fairing better than others. Of our four business segments, industrial is the one that is most challenged currently, largely attributable to the tepid and inconsistent end market environment and conditions right now, and this is not a situation that we see changing materially in the near term. So under these circumstances, our industrial team is focused on market share, and share of wallet initiatives, and actively looking for strategic bolt-on acquisitions as they work to improve their revenue picture over the second half of the year. At this point, we'll ask Paul to update you on the automotive results for the quarter. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thank you, Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I’m pleased to be with you here today and have the opportunity to provide you an update on our second quarter performance of our automotive business. For the quarter ending June 30th, our global automotive business sales were flat year-over-year. This performance consists of approximately 4% growth in core automotive, which is an increase from the 3% core growth we reported in the first quarter. However, similar to the first quarter, this was offset by approximately 4% of currency adjustments. The currency adjustment was relatively in line with our expectations for the quarter. For the second consecutive quarter, our US team posted a 3% sales increase, while our international businesses, which include Canada, Mexico, Australia, and New Zealand grew mid-single digits in local currency. Overall, we believe this represents fairly steady growth across all of our markets, and we expect to see this continue over the second half of 2015. In the US, we are pleased that nearly every region of the country positively contributed to our revenue growth in the second quarter. This includes the Northeastern region, which was impacted in the first quarter by the strong weather driven comps of a year ago, as well as the Southwest region. This region has been hit hard by the current oil and gas slump, so we are pleased to see even modest growth. Our strongest growth for the quarter occurred in our Atlantic and Central regions of the U.S. We should note the Midwest section of the country which had reported double-digit growth in 2014 and positive growth in the first quarter was flat in the second quarter as the rain and generally dismal weather patterns that had plagued this area in recent month dampened demand. Across Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, rainfall records were set in the month of June with each day receiving twice its average monthly rain levels. We are encouraged to report that two weeks into July as more normal weather – summer weather has set in, our business is coming back strong. Let's turn to our same-store sales. Our US company owned store group grew comparable same store sales in the quarter by 3%, consistent with the first quarter. This 3% increase was on top of the 7% increases generated in a strong second quarter of 2014, giving us a two year stack of 10%. Our 3% sales increase in the quarter was driven by a combination of increases on both our commercial wholesale side of the business, and by our retail business. Let’s start with our retail results . As mentioned in previous calls, we have put a renewed focus on this important segment of our business. Our retail associates out in our stores, as well as our retail team here at headquarters continued to get the job done driving a 7% increase in the quarter, which is up from the 6% increase in the first quarter and on top of the 7% increase from one year ago. We are encouraged with these continued strong results, and it confirms the initiatives our team is focusing on are the right ones. Our retail initiatives have had a positive impact on both the size or average ticket and the number of tickets moving through our stores. In the second quarter, we experienced an increase in our average retail ticket and a significant lift in the number of retail tickets. Our retail strategy continued to be refined but be assured it remains a priority for us. We realized we've got a great deal of work ahead of us but our results are reassuring and the opportunity for further growth is out there. So now, let’s turn to our commercial wholesale business. This segment turned in a 2% increase in the second quarter. So we experienced slight deceleration from the 3% increase in the first quarter, but with 7% growth last year we can report a 2 year stack of 9%. Our fleet business the key component of our commercial wholesale segment moderated in the second quarter and while still positive contributed to our overall deceleration in this segment of our business. Highlights for the quarter included solid performances by our two major wholesale initiatives, NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts. Our NAPA AutoCare centers now totaling over 15,800 nationwide and our Major Account business delivered high single digit sales increases. We can also report solid trends at our average wholesale ticket value, which registered positive growth in the quarter with no inflation support. Although we did see a slight decline in the average number of tickets flowing through our stores. However, we did point out after a slow start to the quarter, we saw our ticket count improved throughout the quarter and in the month of June we experienced a solid increase. Let’s take a look at few of our key product categories and review some of the trends we experienced in the second quarter. Consistent with the first quarter, we can report strong growth in both our Bright business, as well as our tool and equipment business. We are especially encouraged by the double-digit growth we saw in the month of June with our heating and cooling product, after a slow start to the quarter warmer than normal temperatures in the west, the mountain in the Southwest generated strong air conditioning related sales. In addition, our NAPA Import Parts business was once again up low double-digits this quarter. Finally in our first quarter call we commented on supply chain interruptions with one of our key under car [ph] lines. We can report that this issue was mitigated in the second quarter as we felt much of our unmet demand with alternative suppliers. So looking ahead to the second of the year, we expect a significant foreign exchange headwind impacting our reported results to continue at its current level. That aside we'll be working hard over the second half of the year to improve on our 3% to 4% underlying automotive growth achieved thus far in 2015. We continued to be encouraged by the automotive aftermarket fundamental. The average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11 years, size of the fleet continues to grow, fuel prices are down on average of $0.89 from a year ago and as you would expect miles driven continues to post substantial gains up 3.9% through April. Each of these fundamentals bodes well for future demand. We also have plans in place to drive stronger growth in the quarters ahead. We announced last Friday the pending acquisition of Covs Parts, a 25 branch distribution company in Western Australia. Covs will be a great addition to our growing Repco business, as this business is focused on original equipment and aftermarket automotive parts, truck product and mining and industrial consumables. The addition of Covs Parts which we expect to close by October 1st, further expands our presence and scale in Western Australia and is expected to generate annual revenues of approximately $90 million in US dollars. This latest acquisition coupled with our continued Greenfield store expansion, puts us over the 500 store mark in the combined markets of Australia and New Zealand. This type of bolt-on acquisition will increasingly be a key focus for our teams throughout North America and Australasia. So in closing, we want to thank our management teams in North America, as well as our team on the ground in Australia for all that they do for the GPC automotive business. So that completes our overview of the GPC automotive businesses and at this time I’ll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul and good morning. We’ll begin with a review of our second quarter income statement and the segment information and then we’ll review our balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back up and then we’ll open the call for your questions. Our total revenues previously stated was $3.94 billion for the second quarter, an increase of 1%, which consisted of underlying sales growth of 2.2% and a 1.3% contribution from acquisitions. These items were offset by a strong currency headwind of 2.7%. For the six months through June, total revenues are $7.7 billion, a 2% increase consisting of 3% core growth, 1.4% from acquisitions offset by a 2.5% foreign currency headwind. Our gross profit for the second quarter was 29.9% of sales and this compares to 30.2% growth margin last year. For the six months, gross margin at 29.85% compares to 30.05% reported last year. Primarily the second quarter and six months declines reflect our ongoing customer and product mix shifts which continue to pressure our gross margins. This is been especially prevalent in the office business over the last few quarters. In addition, we experienced some added pressure in our industrial business gross margin in the second quarter due to the reduction in sales volume and the related impact of lower supplier incentives earned. Executing on our gross margin initiatives is a key priority for our management team and this area has our full attention. We are committed to making progress towards an enhanced gross margin for the long-term. Our gross margin initiatives are also critical and offsetting the low inflationary environment that has persisted across our businesses for several years now, especially in automotive. And our supplier pricing through June would indicate more of the same for 2015. Our cumulative supplier price changes through June were down three tenths of 1% for Automotive, up one half of 1% for Industrial, up six tenths of 1% for Office Products and down 1.2% for Electrical. Turning to our SG&A, total expenses were $868 million in the second quarter, which is flat versus the second quarter of 2014. Our SG&A improved as a percent of sales by 20 basis points to 22.0%. For the six months, our total expenses of $1.7 billion are 22.5% of sales versus 22.7% last year. In light of the 2% and 3% underlying sales growth for the second quarter and six months respectively, we're relatively pleased with our ability to control our cost and encouraged by the positive of impact of these measures in this challenging period. That said, we believe there are opportunities for more improvements in this area and we'll continue to focus on our SG&A line in the periods ahead. Now we’ll discuss the results by segments. Our Automotive revenue for the second quarter of $2.1 billion was flat with the prior year and 53% of our total sales. Our operating profit of $207 million is up four tenths of 1%, and their margin improved 10 basis points to 9.9%. For the year, automotive sales of $4 billion are unchanged from the prior year and our operating profit of $358 million is up four tenths of 1% and our margin is constant with 2014 at 8.9%. Industrial sales of $1.2 billion in the second quarter, a 2% decrease from 2014 and 30% of our revenues. Our operating profit of $89 million is down 7% and our operating margin declined 40 basis point to 7.5%, as the loss of leverage and lower incentive pressured this group in the quarter. For the year, industrial sales of $2.4 billion, represents 31% of our revenues and are up 1%. Their operating profit of $177 million is down 1%, and our margin is 7.5% which is down 10 basis points from last year. For Office products the revenues of $478 million in the quarter, up a solid 14%, and representing 12% of our total revenues. Our operating profit of $35 million is up a 11%, and their operating margin was down 20 basis points to 7.2% – and for the year office revenues of $968 million are up 16% from 2014. Our operating profit is $71 million is up 9%, so our margin is down 50 basis points from last year to 7.3%. As mentioned earlier, the customers mix shift is impacting our net margin for this business, but we remain encouraged by our overall growth. The Electrical/Electronic Group had sales in the second quarter of a $195 million, a 3.5% increase and 5% of total revenue. Their operating profit of $18.6 million is up 13%, so the margin for this group improved to 9.5% which is up 70 basis points and a new record high. For the year, sales for this group are $377 million and up 2%. Operating profit of $34 million is up 6% and the margin is up to 9.0% from 8.7% which is a solid 30 basis point increase. So for the second quarter, our operating profit was flat with last year and our operating margin held constant at 8.9%. For the year, our operating profit is up 1% and our operating margin is 8.3 compared to the 8.4 for the same periods in 2014. Another [ph] type of expansion we would expect to produce over the long-term that relatively steady given the sales volume for the quarter and the year. We had net interest expense of $5.7 million in the second quarter, and year-to-date our interest now stands at $11 million. We would expect net interest expense of approximately $21 million to $22 million for the full year. Our total amortization expense of $8.8 million in the second quarter and $17.4 million through the six months, which is relatively consistent with last year. We currently estimate $36 million to $38 million in total amortization expense for the full year. The other line which reflects our corporate expense was $25 million expense for the quarter, which is consistent with last year. Through June our corporate expenses are $50, which is up slightly from the first six months of last year. This is relatively in line with our expectations and for the year we would expect corporate expense to be in $90 million to $95 million range. Our tax rate was 37% for the second quarter, and 36.5% for the six months through June. These rates are up slightly from 2014 due to changes in the mix of foreign income and the related foreign tax rate, as well as the less favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment in the second quarter. For the full year we expect our tax rates to be in the range of 36.7% to 37%. Net income for the quarter of $195 million compares to $198 million in the second quarter last year and our EPS was $1.28 which is basically flat with 2014. Now let's turn to a discussion of the balance sheet. During first quarter and the year we have further strengthened our balance sheet which positions us well for future growth. Specifically this speaks to our ability to effectively manage our working capital and drive increased cash flows. Our cash at June 30 was $224 million, an increase from approximately $153 million at June 30 last year. Our cash position is strong and we continue to use our cash to support the growth initiatives in each of our businesses. Accounts receivable at $2 billion at June 30 is up 5% from the prior year on a 2% core sales increase for the second quarter. We continue to closely manage our receivables and we would add that June had an extra billing day relative to 2014 which accounts for a portion of this increase in the quarter. We also remain very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at quarter end was $3 billion which is up a margin [ph] of 1% from June of 2014 and actually improved by approximately 1% from year end. Our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels and we’ll continue to remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels in the periods ahead. Accounts payable at June 30 was $2.7 billion, up 10% from 2014, which reflects the positive impact of our improved payment terms and other payable initiatives established with our vendors. We have shown continued improvement in this area for several periods now and we're encouraged by a positive impact on our working capital and days and payables. Our working capital was $1.9 billion at June 30, an improvement of 6% from last year, effectively managing our working capital and in particular our key accounts such as accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable continues to be a very high priority for our company and we're pleased with our ongoing progress in this area. Our total debt at June 30 was $850 million. This includes two $250 million term notes, as well as another $350 million in borrowings under our multi-currency syndicated credit facility. Our total debt to capitalizations approximately 21% and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time, as we believe that provides us with both the financial capacity and the flexibility necessary to take advantage of the growth opportunities we may want to pursue. So in summary, our balance sheet is in excellent condition and remains a key strength of the company. We also continue to generate solid cash flows and we’re raising our 2015 projections for cash from operations and free cash flows by $50 million. For the full year we're now planning for cash from operations to be in that $850 million to $900 million range. Additionally, we currently expect free cash flow, which deducts capita expenditures and dividends to be in the $350 million to $400 million. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for cash is the dividend which we have paid every year since going public in 1948, and we've now raised for 59 consecutive years, a record that continues to distinguish Genuine Parts from other companies. The 2015 annual dividend of $2.46 per share represents a 7% increase from the $2.30 paid in 2014 and it’s approximately 53% of our 2014 earnings, which is well within our goal of a payout of 50% to 55%. Our goal is to maintain this level of the payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our core businesses, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures was $21 million for the second quarter, which is consistent with 2014 and through the six months our capital spending was $38 million, down slightly from the $40 million last year. Our expenditures should increase in the second half of the year and we're currently planning for CapEx spending to be in the range of $125 million to $135 million for the full year. As usual, the vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects primarily in technology. Our depreciation and amortization was $36 million in the second quarter and $71.5 million through six months, which is down slightly from 2014. Looking ahead, we are projecting depreciation and amortization to be approximately $145 million to $155 million for the full year in 2015. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and an important use of our cash for us and they are integral to our growth plans. In the first six months of 2015, we invested approximately $80 million for the acquisition of several new businesses, including Miller Bearings in the industrial and segment and Connect-Air for the electrical business, as well as a couple other smaller companies. In addition, last Friday we announced the acquisition of Covs Parts for Australasian automotive business which we covered earlier. We will continue to seek new acquisition opportunities across our business segments to further enhance our prospect for future growth. And although we find that many of these opportunities are smaller size companies with annual revenues in the $25 million $150 million range, we're open minded to new business of all sizes, large or small assuming the appropriate returns on investments. Finally, during the quarter we used our cash to repurchase approximately 670,000 shares of our common stock under the company’s share repurchase program. For the six months, we repurchased 1.54 million shares and today we have 8 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. That concludes our financial report for the second quarter and six months of 2015. In summary, we're looking to improve on our first half results over the balance of 2015. We have our growth plans in place and we're intensely focused on showing progress in periods ahead. Despite our recent challenges and the relative uncertainty in the economy over the near term we're encouraged by the fundamental opportunities we see across our core businesses. We look forward to updating on our future progress when we report again in October. Now I’ll turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and thanks to you and Paul for your updates. So that’s a quick recap of our second quarter and mid-year results and in summary, we would certainly say that we founded to be a challenging quarter. And as we look back over the quarter from our perspective there were three strong headwinds that were encountered. First, the strength of the US dollar and its impact on the currency exchange. Second, the continued and pervasive impact of the slowdown in the oil and gas sector and third the further slowdown in certain segments of the manufacturing sector of the economy. As pointed out earlier, currency had a 3% negative impact on our combined GPC sales in a quarter and a negative 4% per share in earnings. Our Automotive operations experienced the most significant revenue impact of currency being just over 4% headwind. But it’s important to point out that our core NAPA business continued to perform well as evidenced by their 3% same-store sales increase on top of the 7% same-store sales increase in the second quarter of last year. So we feel continue to make progress on the NAPA side of the business. Additionally, our non-US based automotive operations each generated solid mid single digit local currency increases, indicative of continued progress by our Canadian, Australasian and Mexican teams. Unfortunately these all translated to sizeable decreases when converted to US dollars. And then looking at the cadence of the quarter, we were encouraged to see that our automotive sales improved sequentially as the quarter progressed, despite the impact of currency exchange. Additionally, the early July results are in line with June and hopefully a positive indicator for the months ahead. Our Industrial operations were also impacted by currency exchange which caused them 1% revenue growth in the quarter. But even more impactful was the continued and further slowdown in certain segments of the industrial end markets. As mentioned earlier, we saw mixed results among our top 20 customers segments with 11 showing increases, two being flat and seven posting decreases. While the 11 at the top remained relatively steady from Q1 to Q2, the rate of decline for the seven that are running decreases actually accelerated during the quarter which significantly impacted our results and at this point unfortunately we don’t anticipate a reversal of this trend in the near term. So due to the ongoing challenges of currency exchange and the continued and accelerating rate of decline among certain segments of our industrial customer base, we feel a downward adjustments to our prior full year guidance are appropriate at this time. On the revenue side, our prior segment guidance was for automotive to be 2% to 3% at year end and right now we would say that should be 1% to 2% net of a 4% to the currency exchange headwind. Previously we guided industrial to being up 5% to 6% and now we would say flat to up 1% net of a 1% currency exchange adjustment. Electrical, we were at 5% to 6% and we would see 3% to 4% currently and in office products we previously guided 6% to 7% and we're actually increasing that to 7% to 8% at this time. In total, our prior guidance was for GPC to be up 3% to 4% and now we would say plus 2% to plus 2.5% net of a 3% currency exchange impact. On the earning side, we previously guided to $4.70 to $4.80 and currently we would say that $4.65 to $4.70 is more appropriate and this includes a $0.15 per share currency adjustment. On a percentage basis, we'll be up 1% to 2% on adjusted and up 4% to 5% on a comparative basis. So that would conclude our remarks and we’ll turn the call back to Stephanie to take your questions. Stephanie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I wanted to follow up on a couple of things. Carol, you talked a lot about gross margin and some of the initiatives that you have in place there. Could you help us understand a little better what drove the decline in the quarter and specifically what initiatives you have? Is there anything on vendor rebates that may have moved things around or how it will flow to some of the segments? And then I had a follow-up on SG&A.
Carol Yancey: Okay. On the gross margin, I would say really what we saw this quarter, the big impact that we had was in the industrial area. I mean, that was what was different than say last two quarters. We had the continued pressure on gross margin in the office segment that we talked about before, but on the industrial side, the combination of their lower volume and having to do also with their customer and product mix, but also the volume incentives that are related to that. And as we adjusted what our thinking is between now and the end of the year, that’s factoring into what our adjusted guidance is, it’s lowering that for the industrial volume incentive. And then some of the initiatives, actually our core automotive gross profit and we've put some things in place over the last six to 12 months, and we're pleased with how that’s working, but we're up against some of the other pressures that’s in the other segment. So, it’s on the buy side and the sell side. It’s really initiatives that we work on all the time across all of our businesses.
Tom Gallagher: And Greg, if I could also add one point, the fact that office products is up 14% in the quarter, it had an impact on the total gross profit as well.
Greg Melich: Is it fair to say, if you – ex industrial and office products, were gross margins up in the auto business?
Tom Gallagher: That’d be a fair assumption.
Carol Yancey: Yes. We actually had improvement in both electrical and automotive.
Greg Melich: Great. And then on SG&A dollars, I noticed they were nicely controlled. Would the impact there on FX be the same as on the top line? In other words, if FX went away, we would expect SG&A dollar growth to be closer to the 3% to 4%, not flattish?
Carol Yancey: Yes. We would say, if you think about the FX kind of all the way down the income statement if you will, it’s pretty consistent. I mean, there is really not an impact on our net margins. So you can pretty much just take it all the way down the income statement, its pretty consistent.
Greg Melich: All right. Thanks a lot.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Greg.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys.
Carol Yancey: Morning, Scot.
Tom Gallagher: Morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi. How are you? I was hoping to get a little bit more color on specifically what has softened so much on the industrial side. Obviously, it's a pretty big sea change coming out of you guys, Tom, and we haven't seen that in multiple years. And I guess what I'm asking is, is it particular products or product lines and maybe another way of looking at it is, of the seven end markets that we saw the deterioration in, are there certain ones that were much worse than others? Like can you highlight those because it's down 10%, 15%? What's the best way to kind of think about those? Thanks.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think you've kind of answered your own question in a way Scot, and that the ones that we highlighted in the order oil and gas, iron and steel, pulp and paper, and the original equipment manufacturing segment, they are the ones that had the most significant decreases in the quarter for sure. And as I mentioned in my commentary, what got our attention a bit was the sequential deceleration in the decreases. So these four categories were down in Q1, but they were down even more dramatically in Q2. And maybe to put a little more color on it, if you look at oil and gas, obviously the fact that the number of rigs running is down over 50% year-over-year. Certainly that has an impact directly, but the indirect impacts ripples through other customer segments as well, certainly the steel segment for any steel manufacturer that has been producing piping to go into exploration, they are having the same situation that we're experiencing. So their volumes are down. You can look at some of the pumping manufacturers those that have down hole pumps would be experiencing some of the same contraction that we're experiencing. So it runs, it pretty much runs through a number of other categories in addition to the oil and gas. And part of it too is the fact that some of the businesses, iron and steel and pulp and paper would also be having some issues because of currency exchange, they are not exporting as much, and in fact they are fighting some import pressures, some product coming in from offshore. So it’s a combination of factors.
Scot Ciccarelli: So when you look at the second half in these particular end markets, is the assumption that they kind of do in 3Q and 4Q what they did in 2Q, or is there an expectation that they actually deteriorate further from here given the additional declines we've seen in some of the commodity complex?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I'd preface my comments by saying, we just don’t know as clearly as we would like. But our expectation is that we've experienced the worst of the deceleration. We may see just a bit more or we may have stabilized some. But it’s going to be another couple of quarters before we see this start to turn back up in our opinion.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got you. And then just one quick qualification if I might. You talked about some - the cadence that we saw in the auto business. And just to be clear, you were talking about it on an organic basis, is that correct, in terms of the acceleration?
Tom Gallagher: Yes.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay.
Tom Gallagher: Yes.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Tom Gallagher: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Becks with JPMorgan.
Mark Becks: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just to pick up where Scot had left off, on the industrial, can you speak to how your growth looks like for the market and then I guess across your segments? Can you clarify how you look at the growth, whether you have been maintaining share or perhaps gaining or losing share?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think as best we can tell we're maintaining share at a minimum and maybe gaining just a little bit based upon the data that we have. And you know, its all not, its all not doom and gloom within the segment. Certainly we've got some customer categories that are really challenged right now. But as I pointed out, we do have a 11 of our key 20 customer categories that are showing increases. And additionally, we've got some positive things going within the industrial segment. It’s just unfortunate that the seven that are down are down in such a magnitude that they are overshadowing some of the good things that are going on. But over time we think that they will show themselves and things will start to turn back up. But we're just not ready today to say that we're starting to see some of that up term. We think we got another quarter or two before we'll experience some of that.
Mark Becks: Okay. And then can you give a little bit more color on the Australasia landscape? That's now well over a $1 billion business for you and you just did the $90 million Covs Parts. What's the size of that market and how does the margin profile look versus the US business? And then just given your recent investments over there, what does that say about your outlook for the US market?
Tom Gallagher: We would – by our numbers we would say that we would have market share that’s in the mid teens there in the Australasian market place. And the outlook we think is generally favorable in local currency. But I would say that the economies over there are equally challenged and I think the numbers that our team has put up would indicate that we're gaining a little bit of share over there currently. In terms of the outlook and future growth prospects, I think we'll continue to have recently good organic growth from the team over there. I think we'll sprinkle in a couple of acquisitions over time and we continue to feel like we get a good return on our invested capital in that market place. The margin structure is very much similar to what we would experience in our core automotive business. So it’s equal in worst case and perhaps slightly accretive in best case.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Mark. This is Paul. I would also add you mentioned the US market. We – it’s our intent to continue to grow our footprint here in the US as well, but I would also say the same about Canada and Mexico.
Mark Becks: Okay. That's helpful. And then just last question, can you shed a little light on the dividend and how you might be thinking about that this year? You've raised it for 59 consecutive years now. It looks like earnings growth will be cyclically flat given the updated guidance. And I know you target a 50% to 55% payout ratio. But just curious how you are thinking about the growth, factoring in EPS, which has been a bit of a drag from FX, but then your cash flow position strengthening. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: It’s a little bit early perhaps because we visited the whole dividend discussion at our February board meeting. But at this point we would suggest to you that you'll see an increase in the dividend in February of 2016 and we'll pay out 50% to 55% of prior year earnings. We just can't comment now on the size of the increase. But you'll see an increase.
Mark Becks: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: All right. Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Morning, Seth.
Paul Donahue: Morning, Seth.
Seth Basham: I'd like to ask a couple of questions on the auto business. Tom, you mentioned that trends for the quarter were improving. But how do they look on a two-year stack basis, as I remember you had some pretty easy comparisons toward the end of Q2 2014?
Tom Gallagher: We're going to get that number for you right now, so.
Seth Basham: Okay. And related to that, you mentioned an extra billing day in June. Any quantification of how much of a benefit it was to your sales and auto or across the rest of the enterprise?
Tom Gallagher: No, but the numbers that I cited are on a per day basis, so we saw a sequential per day increases and strengthening as the quarter progressed and the same thing would be true in our month to date results. So I think we're looking at an apples-to-apples comparison.
Carol Yancey: Yes, just to be clear, that we had the same number of days in the quarter, but the comment on the extra day for June related to more the increase in accounts receivables, because the extra day was in June and we had one last day in May.
Seth Basham: Got it. That's helpful, Carol. And then you mentioned, Paul, the number of transactions on the wholesale side were down in the quarter. Any thoughts as to where the weakness was coming from? Was it in fleet or was some other area of the business?
Paul Donahue: Yes, we saw a little deceleration in the fleet business Seth, which really we attribute really to some of the ongoing prices on the oil and gas side. But it did come back towards the latter part of the quarter. So I don’t think its anything structural. We've been seeing solid increases quarter-after-quarter and our ticket count side, I think was a bit of an aberration that we'll see bounce back tin Q3.
Seth Basham: Got it. That's helpful. With that outlook, you ticked down your sales guidance for the segment for the year. Any more color as to your thought process there?
Tom Gallagher: No, its – part of it is due to the fact that we think currency is going to continue to play a factor for sure. I think that might be a primary driver. I want to go back to what I think I understood to the question earlier, Seth, and you asked about the comps, and if we look at our comps in Q2 of this year and last year, and Q2 last year we had 7% comps both for DIY and for DIFM and this year we were seven on the DIY and two on the DIFM. So its not that comps weakened in the quarter, I think we were going up against some pretty good comps. And if we look out over the remaining quarters of this year we were up 6% in Q3 and we were up 7% in Q4 of last year. So I think we're going up against reasonably good comps and I think we'll come through it fine, but I do think the comps don’t soften any for us in the near term.
Seth Basham: Got it. And just lastly to clarify, on FX, are you saying that you expect more FX headwinds for the year than you initially did in the auto segment?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think across all of our businesses that are affected and maybe just to put a little color to that. If we look at year-over-year our FX comps and I look that on the 15th of July, 15 the difference between July 15, 2014 and July 15, 2015 we had 19% deceleration versus the Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso and 21% decline against the aussie dollar. So that’s a little stronger than what we had originally anticipated.
Seth Basham: Got it. All right, thanks and good luck.
Tom Gallagher: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elizabeth Suzuki with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Good morning. Given the miles driven in the US really started to accelerate in recent months. I think the expectation may have been that the auto division would have been a little bit stronger in core growth. Do you think auto is going to start reflecting that improvement in driving trends and vehicle usage in the coming quarters, or are there competitive pressures at play that could hold back some of that same-store growth?
Tom Gallagher: Well, what I would say first of all is the underlying growth for automotive was I think reasonably good at 4% and I think historically that’s a pretty good number. I think Paul referenced some of the underlying factors are generally favorable, miles driven as for instance through the last three quarter [ph] we've seen are up 3.9% year-to-date, that’s the best we've seen a while. So our expectation would be that demand should remain pretty good over the remainder of the year. One thing that impacted automotive as Paul referenced in his comments, was the abnormally worst conditions we've experienced up through the Midwest and that affected not just the normal DIFM type of business it certainly affected our agricultural business up through that part of the country as well. But assuming that we don’t hit abnormality, so I think that demand pattern should be reasonably good as we work our way through year end.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay, great. And with foreign exchange having a larger and larger impact as you grow internationally, are there any plans to put currency hedges in place? It just seems like FX is causing a lot more fluctuation in your earnings than we are used to.
Tom Gallagher: We're looking at it, we haven’t done anything as yet, but we recognized it’s something that we need to spend a little more time on.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay. Great…
Carol Yancey: Part of the FX when you are just translating the dollars into your income statement, you can't really hedge against that, What we're looking at as more on the cash flow and balance sheet side, but we're just translating the sales in from these foreign countries, we do have an impact there, you really just have to translate the lower dollar.
Elizabeth Suzuki: All right. Thanks very much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. And good morning. 
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Matt.
Carol Yancey: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Fassler: A couple of follow-up questions on automotive. Can you give us a sense for the order of magnitude of fleet deceleration? Just trying to understand how much it contributed to the DIFM slowdown because it looks like your DIFM comp slowed from 3 to 2. We had assumed that in the first quarter your fleet was up kind of mid single, a [indiscernible] I mean, year-on-year basis…
Paul Donahue: No. Matt, this is Paul. Fleet business was actually up a couple of points in the quarter, but it wasn’t at the trend that we've seen in recent quarters which you already hit on was closer to mid single digit. So we saw a – yes, we saw a little bit of deceleration in the quarter and if you break it down its certainly an element of our overall commercial wholesale business and its an important element for sure, but again we don’t think there is anything structural there and that we'll see that bounce back in Q3 in the balance of the year.
Matthew Fassler: And then just a follow-up, Paul. So we have your new automotive revenue guidance for the year and we have the number gross of FX, net of FX. To the extent that you ran a US comp of 3% in both the first quarter and the second quarter, what's the directional expectation for that number within the automotive business in the second half of the year?
Tom Gallagher: This is Tom, we would say probably consistent with what we've seen through the first of the year.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer: Hi, good morning. 
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Brian.
Carol Yancey: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Sponheimer: To try and focus more on the positive within Motion, can you talk about, outside of auto production, maybe some of the sub-pockets of growth that you may not have foreseen heading into the year? Is construction one of them?
Tom Gallagher: Yes, anything related to construction Brian we're showing good results, so if you get into the aggregate and cement category, that’s a nice category for us currently. Lumber and wood products is a nice category for us as well. So its – I think its fair to say if you looked at those segments of the manufacturing sector, that are performing reasonably well they tied pretty closely to those segment of the overall economy that are performing pretty well right now. So…
Brian Sponheimer: All right. And then just on the OE side within Motion, would you say that it's driven more on the equipment side by mining, or is this now fully an ag and potentially some broader machinery issue?
Tom Gallagher: I think it’s a combination. And I think it’s a factor of curtail demand here domestically but also its an FX situation as well to the dollar some of these companies that have reasonably strong export businesses are not getting the same type of demand that they might get under more normal FX circumstances. So I think it’s a combination of both elements [indiscernible]
Brian Sponheimer: All right. Thank you very much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: We have time for one question. Your last question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies [ph]
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys.
Carol Yancey: Morning, Bret.
Tom Gallagher: Morning, Bret.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question on the DIY trends. Obviously, 7% is better than the market. Are you seeing market share gains in any particular regions or do you see yourself picking up share from any particular channels?
Tom Gallagher: Bret, its hard to tell, our retail increases are wide spread and you know, I think as I've said in prior calls, its our team that’s been really just focusing on the basics, better store hours, better training, better planogram execution, better in store stocking. We've gotten, I would tell you we've got creative in some of our recent promotions that have performed well for us, but its hard to say if we're actually picking market share or not but I would think with the kind of increases we've been showing we are most likely taking it from one of the competitor.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then as far as temperature control, you mentioned double-digit growth. Was that something you are talking about double-digit growth regionally? I think you called out the West. Or was that double-digit growth as an entire category? And I guess to follow up, how are inventory levels when you're seeing that kind of growth? Are you being able to meet the demand?
Tom Gallagher: Yes. So the double-digit growth was that to cross all of NAPA that was we really, it was driven in the western part of the country we had record heat out west in the month of June Bret in California, Oregon, Washington record temps, so they really drove the increase. But we're seeing significant increases across the country and right now we're into good shape at our inventory level.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then one last question. Mexico, the branding under NAPA as opposed to AutoTodo, what are you seeing? Are you picking up share sequentially with NAPA or is it too early to tell?
Tom Gallagher: It’s too early to tell, we're still early in our rollout we have 11 companies stores up and running. We have a certainly goal that continued increase at our – its still early Bret but we're on plan and on target.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, great. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: You're welcome.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Bret.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'll turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We thank you for your interest in Genuine Parts Company and your continued support and we look forward to reporting to you on October with our third quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones – Vice President-Investor Relations Tom Gallagher – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Donahue – President Carol Yancey – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities Greg Melich – Evercore ISI Chris Bottiglieri – Wolfe Research Mark Becks – JP Morgan Chandni Luthra – Goldman Sachs Bret Jordan – BB&T Capital Market
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Sid Jones, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts' first quarter 2015 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company’s latest SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We’ll begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Sid. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President; and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer are both on the call as well, and each of us has a few prepared remarks and once completed, we’ll look forward to answering any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our first quarter 2015 results and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $3.736 billion, which was up 3%, net income was $161 million, which was up 2%, and earnings per share were $1.05 this year compared to $1.02 in the first quarter last year, and the EPS increase was 3%. And although these sales and earnings growth rates have moderated from the results in recent quarters, they are pretty much in line with what we anticipated for the quarter and as such we feel that we came through the quarter in pretty good shape. We knew at the beginning of the quarter that we were facing tough comparisons with first quarter 2014 revenues up 13% and earnings per share up 10%. Additionally, we felt that the strength of the U.S. dollar would be a significant headwind for us and as it turned out, this cost us 2% on the revenue line in the quarter and $0.02 in earnings per share. And then weather had a bit of a negative impact as that did a deceleration in the oil and gas segment of the economy. So all in, we feel that our teams did a pretty good job in navigating their way through the quarter and we remain optimistic about the remainder of the year. Turning to the sales results by segment, I’ll make few comments on each of the three non-automotive businesses and then Paul will give you an update on the automotive operations. Starting with Office Products, S.P. Richards turned in another strong quarter at plus 17%. Acquisitions completed in 2014 certainly helped as did the enhanced first call relationship with one of the mega companies. But importantly, the underlying business performed well also with solid growth in both the mega and independent reseller channels. The e-commerce an alternate channel customers performed well in the quarter as well. From a product category perspective, all four categories, technology, facility and breakroom, furniture and core office products each showed nice growth in the quarter and we are pleased with the balance and the composition of our office products growth, both from a customer and a product category perspective. And we feel that the office products team has positioned to turn in the solid performance over the remainder of the year. Moving on the Industrial segment, Motion industries ended the quarter up 3%. 11 of our top 12 product categories generated positive results in the quarter and nine of our top 12 customer groups grew nicely in the quarter. Our strongest results came from customers in automotive, coal aggregate and cements, lumber and wood products and rubber and plastic products. And this follows a relative strength of each of these segments in the overall economy. We had weaker results in oil and gas, pulp and paper, and steel again mirroring, what we see happening in the overall economy. As we look ahead, we’re mindful of the deceleration that we have seen in the industrial production; capacity utilization and Purchasing Managers Index over the course of the first quarter and each of these have been reliable leading demand indicators for our industrial business, so we’re watching them closely, but despite the modest deceleration, it’s important to note that each remain at historically healthy levels. And at this point, our industrial team remains optimistic about the reminder of the year. Perhaps partly driven by the fact that our pending project work is up substantially over the same period last year, which is encouraging. Moving on to the third of our non-automotive businesses, EIS was up 1% in the quarter. Some of the same factors that impacted our industrial business were headwinds for the electrical segment as well. Things like the deceleration in the oil and gas customer segment, the strength of the dollar impact on export related customers, lower defense spending this year versus last, and the lower copper pricing again this year. To one degree or another each of these will continue to be factors in the quarters ahead. However, we were encouraged to close out the first quarter with a solid performance in March. And then our team feels that they’re starting to build a bit of momentum as we enter Q2. Additionally, they completed the acquisition of Connect-Air into the wire and cable segment as of April 1st and this will add about $28 million to their annual revenue. So that’s a quick overview of the non-automotive business. I’ll now ask Paul to comment on the automotive segments. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Tom. Good morning everyone and let me add my welcome to our first quarter conference call. I’m pleased to join here today and have an opportunity to provide you an update on the first quarter performance of our automotive business. For the quarter ending March 31st, our global automotive business sales were flat year-over-year. This performance consists of approximately 3% core automotive growth. The benefit of just less than 1% from recent acquisitions, which are offsets by approximately 4% of currency adjustments. The currency adjustment was in line with our expectations for the quarter. When reviewing our quarterly performance, we knew going into the quarter, we were up again strong comps from one year ago and part driven by the extreme cold winter weather. Unfortunately, Mother Nature did not cooperate this past winter. We saw a little benefit as a result of the winter temps and in fact a heavy snow and ice experienced in places like Boston and a good portion of the Northeast create challenges for our operations and our customers. In addition, like many businesses, we felt the impact of the West Coast port slowdown and the effect that had on our overall supply chain. During the first quarter, we saw our U.S. team posted 3% sales increase, while our international businesses including Canada, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand grew mid single-digits in their local currencies. Overall, we’re pleased to see steady growth in all of our markets and expect to see steady growth for the balance of 2015. In the U.S., all regions within country are positive contributing to our revenue growth with the exception for the – few of the more energy dependent areas of the country. As we saw in the fourth quarter, we experienced continued strength in the Atlantic division, Midwest, and western divisions. In addition, our southern division had a solid first quarter. So now let’s turn to our same-store sales numbers. Our U.S. company owned store group grew comp same store sales in the first quarter by 3%. This 3% is on top of an 8% increase generated in the strong first quarter of 2014, which gives up a two year stack of 11%. This performance was not unexpected due to the tough comps we were up against, but we would also like to point out that we expect this number to improve as the year progresses. A 3% sales increase in first quarter was driven by a combination of solid sales on both our commercial wholesale side of the business and on our retail side of the business. So let’s start with our retail business. As mentioned in previous calls, we have put a renewed focus on this segment of our business. We’re pleased to report, these initiatives are continuing to pay dividends. Our team did a good job in the quarter driving a 6% increase on our retail business, which was on top of a 9% increase one year ago. Retail basic such as extended store hours, proper staffing, dedicated retail associates, planogram compliance and increased training have all had a hand on our recent improved performance. We continue to push for increases with both the size of our average ticket and the number of tickets flowing through our stores. In the first quarter, we experienced an increase in our average retail ticket and an increase in the number of retail tickets. This performance was consistent with our fourth quarter metrics, so it’s encouraging to see our average ticket in whole. We would like to complement both our retail team at headquarters as well as all of our associates on our stores for stepping up and embracing our retail initiatives. We still have a great deal of heavy lifting yet to do, but it’s clear, we’re on the right track and the opportunity for growth is there. So now, let’s turn to our commercial wholesale business or our Do It For Me segment. This segment turned in a 3% increase in the first quarter. Highlights for the quarter include solid performances by our two major wholesale initiatives, NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts. Starting with our Major Account business this strategic segment delivered its seventh consecutive quarter of low double-digit growth, a terrific accomplishment by our entire Major Accounts team. And our NAPA AutoCare centers, now totaling over 15,500 nationwide, posted strong single-digit sales increases in the quarter. We’d also like to report on our fleet business, after reporting a solid increase in this important segment in 2014, we posted a mid single-digit increase in the first quarter of 2015. So we’re pleased to see the continued growth in this important segment of our business. We can also report solid trends in our average wholesale ticket value, which registered positive growth in the month with no inflation support. We also saw positive year-over-year growth in the average number of tickets flowing through our stores. Now let’s take a look at few of our key product categories and review some of the trends we experienced in the first quarter. We are pleased to report continued growth in both our Bright business, as well as our tool and equipment business. In addition, our NAPA Import Parts business was up low double-digits once again this quarter. One additional product category worth noting is our all important Electrical business, including our rotating and electrical product lines and our battery business. Despite double-digit growth in the month of March, we were up just over 1% for the quarter. It’s a clear illustration of the strong prior year comps that we faced in the January and February timeframe. It is worth noting that we experienced supply chain interruptions with one of our key under car lines in the first quarter that has now carried over into the second quarter. This interruption had an impact on our operations in our customers’ business in the quarter. We are diligently working toward a solution anticipate improvement in the weeks ahead. Despite the slower start to the year, we continued to be encouraged by the automotive aftermarket fundamentals. The average age of the fleet remains at excess of 11 years, the size of the fleet continues to grow and not surprising, the all-important miles driven metric recorded its largest growth in the past five years. As we reported last quarter miles driven up 1.4% through 11 months in 2014. Then in the month of December, miles driven increased by 5%, and most recent figures were January show 4.9% gain. This growth is a direct result of the lowest fuel prices in almost a decade and both well for future demand. So in summary, our first quarter was pretty much in line with where we felt we would end up. Foreign currency as expected was the significant headwind and we expect this to continue for several more quarters. That said, our business in our international markets continues to perform well in their respective local currencies. And as expected, we experience some softness in areas of the U.S. that are more energy dependent. And lastly, we knew going into the new year that we would be up against strong comps in the first quarter and we would need to weather the storm. We feel we did just that. We are encouraged with our same store sales and we remain optimistic with the outlook for the balance of the year. So in closing, we want to thank our management teams in North America, as well as our team on the ground in Australasia for a solid first quarter for the GPC automotive business. So that completes our overview of the GPC automotive business and at this time I’ll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you Paul and good morning. We’ll begin this morning with a review of our income statement and the segment information and then we’ll review some balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back up to wrap it up and then we’ll take your questions. As Tom mentioned our total revenues at $3.7 billion for the first quarter, an increase of 3.1% consisted of our underlying sales growth of 3.8% and a 1.5% increase from acquisitions. These items were offset by a strong currency headwind at 2.2%. Our gross profit for the first quarter was 29.8% and this compares to 29.9% growth margin last year. This was in line with our expectations for a relatively constant gross margin in 2015, as the margin initiatives across all of our businesses are intended to offset the ongoing customer and product mix shifts that continue to pressure our gross margins. With that said, there’s slight decline in our first quarter gross margin directly related to the customer mix shift that we are facing in our Office Product segments. Looking ahead, we continue to expect a relatively constant gross margin in 2015 that this area has our full attention and we’re committed to making progress towards an enhanced gross margin for the long-term. Our gross margin initiatives are also critical in offsetting the low inflationary environment that has persisted across all of our businesses for several years now especially in automotive. Our supplier pricing thus far in 2015 indicates that we should expect more of the same lack of deflation again this year. Our cumulative supplier price increases through March were down four tenths of 1% in Automotive, up four tenths of 1% in Industrial, up six tenths of 1% in Office Products and up two tenths of 1% in Electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses were $861 million in the first quarter, which is up 2.5% from 2014. This represents 23.1% of sales which has slightly improved from the 23.2% last year and encouraging giving the underlying sales growth of approximately 4% for the quarter. We attribute this progress to the benefits of our ongoing emphasis on effective cost management and we expect this is our continued progress on our SG&A line in the periods ahead. Now we’ll review our results by segments. Our Automotive revenue for the first quarter was $1.9 billion, which was flat with the prior year and 51% of total sales. Our operating profit of $151 million is up four tenths of 1%, so their margin held constant with 2014 at 7.9%. This is in line that what we would expect on a 3% compared to sales increase. Our Industrial sales were $1.18 billion in the first quarter, which is up 3.4% for 2014 and 31% of our total revenues. Our operating profit of $88 million is up 6% and our operating margin increased 10 basis point to 7.4%. We’re pleased to, excuse me, to see the expanded margin given at 3% sales increase and we would add that this was driven by slightly improved gross margin for the quarter, as well as an improvement in their SG&A. Our Office Products revenues were $490.3 million in the quarter, up a strong 17%, and represents 13% of our total revenues. Our operating profit of $36.5 million is up 8%, so their margin was down 70 basis points to 7.4% as the customer mix shift pressuring our gross margins continues to impact the net margin for this business. Electrical/Electronic Group have sales in the first quarter of a $182 million 1% increase and 5% of our total revenue. Our operating profit at $15.5 million is down four tenths of 1%, so the margin was down 10 basis points that remain strong at 8.5%. So in total, our operating profit increased 3% in the first quarter, which is in line with our sales growth. Our operating profit margin held constant with last year at 7.8% and this follows the 30 basis point expansion in our operating margin for the full year in 2014, and we remain focused on our initiatives to show further expansion in the periods ahead. We had net interest expense of $5.3 million in the first quarter, which is down from $6.2 million last year. We continue to expect net interest expense of approximately $22 million to $24 million for the full year. Our total amortization expense was $8.6 million for the first quarter, which is fairly consistent with last year. We currently estimate $40 million to $42 million in total amortization expense for the full year. The other line which reflects our corporate expense was $25 million expense for the first quarter, which is up slightly from the $23.6 million in the first quarter of last year. We continue to expect corporate expense to be in the $85 million to $95 million range for the full year. Our tax rate was approximately 36% for the first quarter, which is up slightly from the 35.5% last year. For the full year we now expect our tax rates trend in the 36.7% to 37.0% range. Our net income for the quarter of $161 million compared to the $157.5 million or 2% improvement and as Tom mentioned our EPS was $1.05 compared to last year’s $1.02. Now we’ll discuss a few key balance sheet items. Our cash at March 31 was $166 million, an increase from approximate $103 million at March of last year. We continue to use our cash to support the growth initiatives in each of our businesses and we remain comfortable with our cash position. Our accounts receivable of $2.0 billion at March 31 increased 8% from the prior year on a 4% core sales increase for the first quarter. We remain focused on our goal of growing receivables at a rate less than revenue growth and we’ll be working hard to achieve this objective in the periods ahead. We continue to be satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at the end of the quarter was $3.0 billion which is up approximately 1% from March of 2014 and actually down 1% from year end. Our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels and we’ll remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels in the periods ahead. Our accounts payable balance at March 31 is $2.6 billion, up 12% from the prior year, due to the positive impact of improved payment terms and other payable initiatives established with our vendors. We shall continue the improvement in this area for several periods now and we are encouraged by positive impact on our working capital and our days and payables. Our working capital of $1.9 billion is down 3% from last year and effectively managing our working capital and in particular our accounts receivable inventory and accounts payable is a very high priority for our company. Our ongoing efforts with these key accounts have resulted in solid improvement in our working capital position and cash flow for the last several years and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at March 31 of 2015. Our total debt of $894 million at March 31 is basically unchanged from the prior year and this represents approximately 22% of our total capitalization. Our total debt includes two $250 million term notes, as well as another $394 million in borrowings under our multi-currency syndicated credit facility agreement. We're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We continue to generate solid cash flows and we’re well positioned for the balance of 2015. For the full year we expect cash from operations to be in the $800 million to $850 million range and free cash flow which deducts capital expenditures and dividends to be in the $350 million. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for cash is the dividend which we paid every year since going public in 1948, and have now raised for 59 consecutive years, a record that continues to distinguish genuine parts from other companies. The 2015 annual dividend of $2.46 per share represents a 7% increase from the $2.30 per share paid in 2014 and it’s approximately 53% of our 2014 earnings per share, which is well within our goal of a payout of 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our core businesses, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures was $16 million for the first quarter, which is down slightly from $18 million in the first quarter of 2014. We expect our expenditures to increase as the year progress and we continue to look for CapEx spending to be in the range of $125 million to $145 million for the full year. As usual, the vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects primarily in technology. Our depreciation and amortization was $36 million in the first quarter and looking ahead, we are projecting depreciation and amortization to be approximately $155 million to $165 million for the full year in 2015. Our strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and an important use of our cash for us and they’re integral to the growth plans for our company. As reported on our year end call in February, we made a few small acquisitions in the Industrial and Office business early in the first quarter and these are performing well for us. Effective April 1, we close on two additional acquisitions, one for Automotive and one for Electrical, and we expect these two operations to contribute annual revenues of $35 million or approximately $25 million in 2015. We will continue to seek new acquisitions across our business segments to further enhance our prospect for future growth generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, during the quarter we used our cash to repurchase approximately 870,000 shares of our common stock under the Company’s share repurchase program. Today, we have 8.7 million shares authorized and available for purchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So that concludes our financial update on the first quarter of 2015, overall solid results and in line with our expectations that we’re pleased with the first three months of the year and encouraged by the opportunities before us. We look forward to updating you on our future progress when we report again in July. And in closing I’d like to thank all of our GPC associates for the outstanding job that they do each day. That concludes our financial review and now I’ll turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and thanks to you and Paul for your comprehensive updates. So that will conclude our prepared comments on the quarter, and as mentioned earlier, we ended the quarter pretty much inline with what we thought we would be. With that in mind we would like to reaffirm our full year guidance that we provided back in February and just as a reminder at that time we guided for Automotive revenues to be up 2% to 3%, which includes an estimated 4% negative impact from currency exchange. We guided Office Products to up 6% to 7%, Industrial and Electrical to each be up 5% to 6%. And based up on the current trends and the external indices, as well as softness in the energy and export sectors, our current bias will be towards the bottom end of the range for both Industrial and Electrical. Putting all of this together would give us an overall GPC sales increase of 3% to 4%, which includes 2.5% to 3% negative currency impact. On the earning side our guidance remains for EPS to come in between $4.77 and $4.80. And as a reminder this includes approximately $0.15 per share impact from unfavorable exchange rates and the related increase in our overall tax rate. So that would conclude our remarks at this point and we’ll turn the call back to Jackie to take your questions. Jackie?
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Seth Basham: My question is on the Auto business, I’m trying to get a sense of your view of the slowdown in the comp sequentially from the last quarter given the miles driven strength. Do you think its industry wide phenomena or do you think it’s only a supply chains issues are the primary factor hurting you this quarter?
Tom Gallagher: So, Seth, I’ve taken and may be in a couple of buckets. Certainly we are up against some really tough comps, we knew that going in. First quarter was our strongest of the year, last year. So I’d certainly say that had an impact. Two, I’d say, some of the key product line disruptions that we experienced along with the West Coast port issues cost us in the first quarter. And I don’t think that will be strictly relegated to GPC and NAPA, I think, that will be felt by others, as well. The energy sector had an impact for sure, Seth. Some of the – certainly Texas which is what everybody thinks about when they think about the energy sector, but parts of the Mountain Division for us, as well as some parts of Canada, certainly Alberta, Canada were impacted, as well. And then last but not least, the one that we always chat about and that’s the weather, the weather was of no help at all to us, we don’t think in the first quarter.
Seth Basham: That’s helpful. So do you quantify those three buckets in a Asia perform [ph]?
Tom Gallagher: I don’t think we’re prepared to do that at this point of time, Seth.
Seth Basham: All right, no problem. Thank you very much.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.
Greg Melich: Hi thanks. I want a follow-up a little bit about the Auto trends and tie it through to margins and working capital. Given that retail is driving a lot of growth, I would sort of expect gross margin that maybe be better given that there’s basically the deflation in the buy. Could you help us understand why margins are not expanding in Auto? And then the tide in the working capital, there were this increase in payables. Should we assume that this is a good run rate is there a steady point of an AP ratio that you target Carol? 
Carol Yancey: Yeah, I guess I’ll start with the margin first. So we mentioned that decline in gross margin on a consolidated basis was solely related to the Office Products decline that you saw in the operating margin. So that would lead you to assume and while we don’t disclose it separately is that the non-office businesses were either flat to up slightly. So we actually were pleased with the automotive gross margins this quarter and the progress we’ve made. So, I would say that a lot of our initiatives and some of the impact that we talked about earlier with transactional FX headwinds that we had in Q4. Our teams did a lot of hard work in that area. We continue to have the usual customer product mix, but I think a lot of our initiatives are helping us to show that improvement. But honestly, where we – when we only have a 3% sales increase, it’s hard for us to get that operating margin up 10 or 20 basis points. So, we would still look for that on balance for the rest of the year. But I think we were pleased to keep the margins flat in automotive in light of what the comp sales increase was. And then the second question on the working capital, we were pleased with the progress that we made. And I think when we’re looking at the rest of the year; we would say that there would be improvement. We’ve reiterated our guidance on the working capital and the cash flow, but I think we saw some better results coming through on the first quarter. So, if we can continue to do the job with payables and inventory, I think you’ll see a continued improvement.
Greg Melich: And then on the receivables, is there any particular thing driving the growth with a certain category or new terms of certain customers?
Carol Yancey: Really, that’s been specific. I think again as we look towards what we’re seeing in receivables, we just try to make sure that again if its customers are certain programs that we’re getting the corresponding offset on the payable side with our vendors.
Tom Gallagher: And Greg I would…
Greg Melich: And then last one if I could and then I’ll let someone else. Yes…
Tom Gallagher: Greg, I would just add to that. I think we would expect that the receivables will improve sequentially and be more in line with the overall revenue growth as we get towards the second half of the year.
Greg Melich: And then, Tom, you mentioned if there’s one area where you think it’s on the lower end and it’s Industrial and Electrical. Could you point us to why specifically that is other than just may be energy a little bit, is there industrial production or other things that you think look a little softer? Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Yes in fact we do think oil and gas will continue to be a headwind. And that’s got a fairly long tail, it’s not just the number of rigs that are running. When you think about that it also extends into steel, for instance, I’ll referenced steel in my comments earlier, none of those pipes are being purchased to go down in the wells and extends into some of the other customer segments additionally. So that would be one thing. And then with industrial production and capacity utilization and the Purchasing Managers Index, we did see some moderation. As the quarter progressed, we were pleased to see a slight uptick in the March industrial production from the revised February industrial production, but we just want to be a bit cautious. And as I mentioned in my comments, we do track to the best of our ability what we would refer to as project work. And we are a bit encouraged by the fact that both the number of projects in-house and the dollar amount are showing nice increases and hopefully they worked their way through the income statement in the months ahead.
Greg Melich: Great, thanks a lot.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aram Rubinson with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, this is actually Chris Bottiglieri on for Aram Rubinson.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning.
Carol Yancey: Hi, Chris.
Q – Chris Bottiglieri: Good morning. I just had a quick question on the Automotive business, can you give us a update on the independence if you’re seeing any kind of pick up in [indiscernible] switching on the NAPA brand, or if you’re just seeing any increased number of conversations being held?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Chris, this is Paul. For sure the – what we’ve got a good deal of activity that’s continuing on that our team has involved in and the field that. And honestly, we’re quite pleased with the progress that we’ve seen both really in the second half of last year as well as in the first quarter of this year. And I would tell you that we don’t see that activity slowing down at all. As a matter of fact, we’re optimistic with what we see ahead of us in 2015.
Q – Chris Bottiglieri: Got it, thanks. And one longer term question I have. You see this is like an overall sense on your kind of long-term view of the independent business as some of these businesses owners are getting retired. Are you seeing them kind of pass down their businesses within the family to selling to other independent? Or do you think like [indiscernible] this could become a pipeline for GPC Company on service down the road?
Tom Gallagher: I will try to answer that, Chris this is Tom. I think it’s a combination of all of the things you referenced. The way we work with our independent owners is that we try to stay very close to them not just operationally, but also with their succession planning. And if they don’t have someone in mind to pass the business down to another family member perhaps or good long-term employee then, we’ll work with them to identify another independent that might have an interest in buying their business and we’d have several different programs available to help facilitate that. And then if in fact we don’t come up with someone that should have opt to buy the business, we’ll certainly step in and buy it, and in many cases we’ll run it for a period of time, until we find a good locally based independent to run the business from that point on.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay, very helpful. Thanks for your time.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Okay, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Becks with JP Morgan.
Mark Becks: Hi, can you talk about the cadence in Automotive over the quarter and perhaps in the April if you’re willing to address, I know March was – last year was strong. But just interested in the trend, trying to get a better understanding of why you’re expecting that business to accelerate from here?
Paul Donahue: All right, yes, Mark, this is Paul. I would tell you that throughout the first quarter it was pretty consistent, from January, to February to March, but we did see a little bit of a lift in the final two weeks of March for sure, which really that along with the extra selling day that we had in the month of March, gave us a record sales month. So I'm not prepared to talk about April, but we would hope to see that performance move into Q2.
Mark Becks: And then as a quick follow-up to that, can you talk about the trend in North East business, and did that experience a similar rebound to the overall business, or is that still tracking pretty softly?
Tom Gallagher: I think most of our regions showed some pick up in the second half of March as Paul referenced. And also as he referenced, we continue to see headwinds in the energy related areas. But much of what we experienced in the first quarter was transitory. If you think about the comps, the comps get a little bit easier, they were strong all year along, but they get little bit easier as we work our way through the year. Certainly the impact of the weather will moderate as we work our way through the year and the impact, just for clarification, the impact issue is that we did not have the extreme temperatures over the period of time that we had in the early part of Q1 last year. What we did have is there is a lot of ice and a lot of snow that had a negative impact on all of our businesses frankly because we had a number of closures, both our own facilities, as well as customers’ facilities. So we’re through that at this point and some of the supply chain disruption that Paul referenced will moderate as we work our way over the next couple of months. So you know, we gave you the number for the quarter we also gave you the guidance for the year, and the guidance for the year suggest that we expect our Automotive business to pick up in the remaining three quarters of the year.
Mark Becks: Yes, so just to be clear it seems like the port shutdown and the supplier issues, while still not completely gone there at the margin improving?
Tom Gallagher: They are improving somewhat, that’s right.
Mark Becks: Okay, and then just last housekeeping, can you remind us what the Texas exposure in NAPA, and then the overall any MI exposure to oil and gases?
Tom Gallagher: Yes, we don’t give that out, but we have said in the past that the direct exposure for Motion industries is low single-digit, but the hard number to really get to is the indirect exposure. And what I mean by that, I referenced earlier that certainly the rig operators, our business with them is down, but then if you went to the steel side of things, all of the demand for new piping to go down hole that’s gone. Some of the pumps and motor demand that would be the anomaly that’s diminished and then what we don’t and can’t quantify is that when you have the massive number of layoffs specific to that segment, you have all of those workers that are for the most part moving in other areas, but that takes the demand out of the areas that they were in and it doesn’t get replaced one-for-one into the areas that they move to, so you see the ripple effect of that. And we see that back up on other manufacturing customers. So it’s hard to get a true number, but the direct absolute impact we know is in the low single-digit. And then it ripples beyond that.
Mark Becks: Okay, thanks for those comments and good luck.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you very much.
Carol Yancey: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs.
Chandni Luthra: Hi, this is Chandni Luthra on behalf of Matt Fassler. Very quickly guys, could you contextualize if there was any impact from shift of Easter?
Paul Donahue: Well certainly, we’ll see that impact in April, but not really much in Q1.
Chandni Luthra: Got it. And the 3% growth that you talked about on comps that’s inclusive of the extra selling day in the month of March, right?
Paul Donahue: Yes, it is.
Chandni Luthra: Perfect. And then lastly, could you throw some color on you DIY initiatives that kind of helped your margins to hold their own? Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: I think Paul might reiterate the comments he made earlier about some of the things we’re doing.
Paul Donahue: Yes, thanks for the question. Basically, some of the things that we’re doing on the retail side, really it’s not right at the time we’re focused on the basics and the basics as I mentioned in my opening comments, simply are to ensure our stores are well stocked, ensure our planograms are up to-date, ensure our people are well trained on the floor and ensure our stores are open when customers want to shop them. And so it’s many of those basics that we have reinforced with our team and our company-owned stores and we’re pleased with the progress that we’re seeing, we saw it throughout last year and we continue to see in the first quarter of 2015.
Tom Gallagher: And also I want to go back on the question about did the comps include the extra day in March, yes they did, but in the quarter, we had the same number of dates for the quarter, we were short one day earlier in the quarter and we picked it up in the month of March. So the comps are comparable.
Chandni Luthra: Got it, thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we have one more caller on the line, your final question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Market.
Bret Jordan: Hi, good morning.
Carol Yancey: Good morning, Bret.
Paul Donahue: Good morning, Bret.
Bret Jordan: Hi, Carol if we looked that accounts payable to inventory for the Auto segment alone, where would that number be?
Carol Yancey: Good question Bret. I would – we don’t give it out by segment I would tell you that as you know it’s more prevalent in automotive industry with the extended terms programs with the supplier. So a lot of our improvement is coming by way the Automotive Segment, but I would tell you also that all of the segments have programs going on and we visited with our teams and each one is them be it Office, be it Industrial, all have programs going on with their suppliers. So we looked at our AP to inventory and it’s 87% at the end of the quarter, it was 84% at the end of the year and 79% a year-ago, and I would tell you again that we don’t give it out by Automotive, but they’ll certainly be higher than that.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then the question for Paul, I guess as you look at the quarter and it didn’t have as much temperature-driven product sales as last year in Auto. I guess, if you look at the extreme weather and what we did to things like road condition, do you think that the net impact of the first quarter’s weather would be positive and that under-car and ride control and some of the categories that might benefit in the second quarter. We’ll pull through or do you think is just a net negative and weather for 2015?
Paul Donahue: Well, Bret great question, honestly we’re banking on some of that improvement coming in the second quarter. I think I mentioned to you we saw our battery business really take off in the month of March which we did not have in January and February. And we would hope for the same in some of the other key more weather related products as well.
Bret Jordan: Okay, getting a little more granule, I guess, if you look at things that might be seasonally positive, how we are looking nationally on things like temperature control right now are we setting up I guess we’ve had some normal weather on the West Coast for a favorable year-over-year comparison in some of those summer categories or just to where they are now?
Paul Donahue: Too early to tell Bret, I would tell you that that category was down slightly in the first quarter. And again we all keep an eye on the weather charge and we’re hoping for some warmer weather this summer. And if we get it, we think our owners and our stores will be well stocked with heating and air conditioning type products and we’ll take advantage of it.
Bret Jordan: Okay, and then one last question for Tom, I guess, you mentioned that pending projects were up substantially, I think for motion. Could you give us a little color and may be what’s driving that.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think, our customer base, let me back up first Bret. What we call project work is a lot of times our customers will have plans to do some major refurbishment on a piece of equipment or take a line down to refurbish the line. And they let us know in advance of what their plans are, so that they can be sure that we’ve got all of the product that they may need, when they get into the actual work. So we tried to track as best we can the number of those that we’ve been notified of and also the estimated value of the work. So, we see a nice increase both in terms of numbers, as well as in terms of the dollar value. Now not all of them come to fruition we have seen some overtime we’ve seen some that we’re plan get differed. But with the increase that we see right now we would lead us to believe that over the next quarter or two, we’re going to see some nice project work flow through the revenue line. And what’s driving that as you know we’ve got an aging base of the equipment that’s out there, you’ve got all customers are looking to be more efficient in what they do. So I think it’s been driven by the business demands that they see with their end markets and wanting to be sure that they are in a position to avoid any downtime going forward. Unplanned downtime.
Bret Jordan: Okay, thank you.
Paul Donahue: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your participation on the call today, and we thank you for your continuous support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to reporting back out in July with our second quarter numbers. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - VP, IR Tom Gallagher - CEO Paul Donahue - President Carol Yancey - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Mark Becks - JPMorgan Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Bret Jordan - BB&T Greg Melich - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. My name is [indiscernible]. I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn today’s conference call over to Sid Jones, Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts' fourth quarter and full year 2014 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the 2015. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the Company and its businesses. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the Company’s latest SEC filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher : Thank you, Sid. And I would also like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, the President of Genuine Parts Company along with Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and I will each handle a portion of today’s call. And once we have completed our individual comments, we will look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning we released our fourth quarter and year end results and hopefully you've all had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $3.822 billion, which was up 9%, net income was $165.6 million, which was up 10% and earnings per share were $1.07 this year versus $0.97 last year, which was also up 10%. So we feel that our team came through the final quarter of the year in good shape. For the year sales were $15.342 billion which was up 9%. Net income was $711 million up 4% on a reported basis and up 9% on a comparative basis. You'll recall that in 2013 we had one time purchase accounting gains that were related to the GPC Asia-Pacific acquisition and that had a onetime favorable impact on the 2013 results. Earnings per share for the year were $4.61 and EPS was up 5% on a reported basis and 10% on a comparative basis. Sales net income and earnings per share, each reached record levels in 2014 which we're certainly pleased to report and we're also pleased that the sales in EPS results both came in a bit above our full year guidance that was provided back in October with all four of our business segments contributing nicely. Turning to the individual segments, I will cover the non automotive operations first followed by Paul who will then review the automotive performance. Starting off with industrial, the motion industries team came through the year in good shape. Sales for the year were just under $4.8 billion and this was up 8% and we were pleased with the cadence of the year with sales being up 4% in the first quarter, 7% in the second and then 10% in each of the final two quarters of the year, and these solid results were underpinned by broad based positive contributions across the major product categories as well as the major customer segments. On the product side we ended the year with 11 of our top 13 categories showing growth and encouragingly all 13 were up in the final quarter. Among our top 12 customer segments 11 posted positive results for the year and all 12 were positive over the final three months, again encouraging trends. Among the strongest growing segments for the year in no particular order were automotive, coal aggregate and cements, iron and steel, lumber and wood products. This a diversified cross section of the North American manufacturing base and we feel that these solid results are reflective of the improved conditions that we currently see in the overall economy, which is encouraging as we head into the new year. Before ending our comments on industrial, we do want to mention that we completed the acquisition of Miller Bearing as of February 1st of this year. Miller is a highly regarded regional industrial distribution company headquartered in Orlando, Florida. They operate 17 branches and have annual revenues of approximately $40 million. This will be a great addition to our Industrial group and we’re pleased to have the Miller organization now a part of Motion Industries. Turning to the Electrical segment EIS was up 23% in the fourth quarter and they were up 30% for the year. So it was a strong performance from this team in 2014. While certainly pleased with the overall results, we do want to point out that acquisitions were the major contributor to the sizable sales increases. In fact the EIS underlying business was only up 1% for the full year. However we were encouraged to see the underlying business up 4% in the final quarter which was the strongest performance of the year and hopefully a sign that demand is starting to pick up a bit in this segment. As we enter 2015, EIS will continue to see sluggish demand among our telecommunications customer base at least for the first half of the year and the deflation in copper pricing will also present a headwind, but the EIS team has a number of strong revenue initiatives underway and we expect a solid performance from this team in 2015, especially over the second half of the year. And finally office products. Total revenues came in at $1.8 billion and this was up 10%. As with our Industrial segment office product sales get stronger as the year progressed. After being flat in the first quarter they were up 4% in the second quarter, 15% in the third quarter and 22% in the fourth quarter. This progression clearly shows the positive impact of our enhanced relationship with a significant customer that kicked-in in the second half of the year, as well the nice contributions from the Impact Products acquisition that was completed mid-year.  But beyond this we’re also pleased to see single digit growth from our independent office products reseller channel for the entire year and this segment actually firmed up as the year progressed and we were also pleased to have ended the year with solid growth in all four of the major product categories. So the results from the Office Products group were broad based from both a customer and product perspective which is encouraging and this team goes into 2015 with a bit of momentum, which is good to see.  So that’s a quick overview of the non-automotive businesses and as this point I’ll ask Paul to bring you up-to-date on the Automotive segment. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Yes, thank you Tom. Good morning everyone. And let me add my welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I’m pleased to join here today and to have an opportunity to provide you an update on the fourth quarter performance of our Automotive business. We’re pleased to report to our global Automotive business grew top line revenues by 4% in the fourth quarter. This 4% number consists of 6.5% core Automotive growth which includes slight benefit from acquisition offset by 2.5% of currency adjustment. The currency adjustment was a bigger headwind than we had anticipated for the quarter. Our team was able to overcome this challenge with stronger than expected core growth. When reviewing our quarterly performance, we continue to be encouraged by the solid results our teams are generating across our entire automotive business. During the fourth quarter we saw our U.S. team posted 7% sales increase, while our International businesses including Canada, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand grew mid-single digits. In the U.S. all regions of the country are positively contributing to our sales growth. The Atlantic, Western and Midwestern divisions led the way for our Company in the fourth quarter. Now let’s turn to our same store sales numbers. Our U.S. company owned store group grew comp same store sales in the fourth quarter by 7%. This 7% is on top of the 7% increase we generated in the fourth quarter of 2013, which gives us a two year stack of plus 14%. This solid performance continues the strong same-store sales run dating back to the fourth quarter of 2013. Our quarterly breakdown for 2014 is as follows. In the first quarter we generated an 8% same store sales increase and in Q2 we posted a 7% increase and in Q3 we’re plus 6%. Rolled up that gives the U.S. automotive businesses a full year same-store sales number of plus 7%. We are proud of our team for generating these solid results but we are also well aware we have a steep hill decline in 2015 to continue to build on these comps. Our 7% sales increase in Q4 was driven by a combination of strong sales on both our commercial wholesale side of the business and by our retail business.  Let’s start with our retail results. As mentioned in previous calls we have put renewed focus on this segment of our business and we are pleased to report these initiatives are beginning pay dividend. Our team did an outstanding job in the quarter, driving an 11% increase in our overall retail business. As generally is the case, there was no one single initiative that drove this double digit increase, but rather a combination of things that our team has been working on for the past 12 months that really began to take hold in the quarter. Retail basic such as extended store hours, proper staffing, dedicated retail associates and increased training all played a part. In addition we have fined tuned our radio and our print advertising. We focused our team on [indiscernible] compliance and we are driven to increase both the size of our average ticket and the number of tickets falling through our stores. In Q4 we saw a significant increase in our average retail ticket and an increase in the number of retail tickets. We are by no means satisfied with where we are today and we have a great deal of work left to do. However it is a testament to our team's hard work that we are moving the needle on this important initiative. So now let's turn to our commercial wholesale business or our Do It For Me segment. This segment turned in a 6% increase in the fourth quarter. Recapping our year's performance, our commercial business was at or exceeded 6% growth in each quarter of 2014. Highlights for the quarter included solid performances by our two major wholesale initiatives NAPA AutoCare and major accounts. Starting with our major account business this strategic segment delivered its sixth consecutive quarter of double digit growth, a terrific accomplishment by our entire major account team, and our NAPA AutoCare centers now totaling over 15,500 nationwide posted a high single digit to sales increase in the quarter. This performance insured another year of low double digit increase for our AutoCare business. We'd also like to report on our fleet business. This important segment continued a solid year-over-year performance by posting a 5% increase in the quarter and we wrapped up 2014 at plus 6%. We can also report good trends in our average wholesale ticket value which add positive growth in the month and in the quarter with little or no inflationary support. We also saw a year-over-year growth in the average number of tickets flowing through our stores. Now a quick review of the product categories driving our growth. In the fourth quarter, we experienced double digit growth in our Bright business, our tool and equipment business and our NAPA Import Parts business, a great job by our sales teams in all three of these important categories. As we look ahead to 2015 and beyond, we continue to be encouraged by the fundamentals in the Automotive aftermarket. The average age of the fleet remains in excess of 11 years, the size of the fleet continues to grow, and not surprisingly the all-important miles driven metric recorded its largest growth in the past five years. After relatively flat to even negative numbers in recent years, miles driven was up 1.4% through 11 months. We saw a jump in miles driven as the price of the gasoline dropped in late Q3 and Q4. Miles driven was up 2.3% in September, 2.6% in October and 1.1% in November. This growth is a direct result of the lowest fuel prices we've seen in six years. That said, we are beginning to see fuel prices bench back up in early February, however the national average is still significantly below last year's fuel prices. So in summary we are pleased with our fourth quarter results as well as our full year performance. Our teams in the U.S, Canada, Mexico and Australasia continue to post solid growth, and as good as we feel about 2014 and our industry in general, we are facing our share of headwinds as we move into 2015.  Foreign currency has a significant headwind for non-U.S automotive businesses which we'll continue to monitor. In addition we will face challenging 2014 comps in every quarter of 2015. That said, we are confident in our strategy, the key initiatives we've laid out and the management team we have in place to make it happen. And in closing, we want to thank our management teams, both in North America as well as our team on the ground in Australasia for another fine year for the GPC automotive business. So that completes our overall view of the GPC automotive business and at this time I'll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you Paul. We'll begin with a review of our fourth quarter and full year income statements and our segment information and then we'll review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back at the end of my remarks and then we'll open the call up to your questions. Our total revenues were $3.8 billion for the fourth quarter, an increase of 9% from last year. This consists of underlying sales growth of 8% and a 3% contribution from acquisitions. These items were offset by a currency headwind of approximately 2%. For the year our sales increase of 9% was 5% of core growth with another 5% from acquisitions offset by a 1% currency headwind. Our gross profit for the fourth quarter was 30% of sales and this compares to the 31% gross margin last year. For the 12 months, our gross margin of 29.9% compares to 30% reported last year or 30.1% excluding the onetime purchase accounting adjustment in 2013 that was previously disclosed and also referenced in today's press release. We're pleased that our fourth quarter gross margin was in line with our expectations. We also recognize the need for further progress on this line and as we've stated before, this area has our full attention. As we move forward in 2015, we will rely on well executed margin initiatives across all of our businesses to offset the ongoing customer and product mix shifts that are pressuring our gross margins today.  Additionally, our initiatives are important in addressing the generally low inflationary environment, especially in the Automotive segment. Our supplier price increases for 2014 were flat for Automotive, up 1.5% for Industrial, up 1.4% for Office Products and up three tenths of 1% for Electrical. And currently we are planning for about the same pricing environment again in 2015. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses of $881 million in the fourth quarter were up 2.9% from 2013 and at 23.1% of sales. This is 130 basis points improvement from the 24.3% reported last year. For the full year our total SG&A expenses are $3.5 billion, which is 22.7% of sales compared to the 22.6% in the prior year or 22.9% before the purchase accounting adjustment mentioned earlier. So this is a 20 basis point improvement on a comparative basis for the full year. The improvement in our fourth quarter and full year SG&A expenses reflect the benefit of effective cost management in every area of our business, as well as greater expense coverage especially across our non-automotive businesses in 2014. Our teams remain focused on effectively managing our cost and we expect to show continued progress on our SG&A line in the periods ahead. Now let's discuss the results by segment. So Automotive revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.99 billion and that represents 52% of our sales and is up 3.7%. Operating profit of $150.3 million is down 2.3%. So their margin declined by 40 basis points to 7.6% from the 8.0% last year. For the year automotive sales of $8.1 billion, which is also 53% of our total revenues was up 8.1%. Our operating profit of $700.4 million is up 9.2% and our margin is up 10 basis points to 8.7%. So despite the pressure on our margin in the fourth quarter, we're very pleased to report a slight increase in our operating margin for the full year. Our Industrial sales of $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter, which is 31% of our revenues is up 10.4% from the prior year. Our operating profit of $96.3 million is up 31% and our operating margin showed strong expansion this quarter of 120 basis points to 8.0% from the 6.8% last year. For the year our Industrial sales of $4.77 billion represents 31% of our total revenues and is up 7.7%. Our operating profit of $370 million is up 15% and our margin is 7.8%, which is up 60 basis points from last year. This is a solid margin improvement for industrial and we're especially pleased to see the expansion come from both core gross margin improvement as well as SG&A leverage. In addition we had the benefit of stronger supplier incentives in 2014. So this was a very good year for Industrial. Our Office Products revenues were $469 million in the quarter or 12% of our revenues and up a very strong 21.7%. Our operating profit of $35.3 million is up 12%, so their operating margin was down 50 basis points to 7.5%. For the year office revenues of $1.8 billion or 11% of sales are up 10%. Our operating profit of $134 million is up 9% and our margin is down 10 basis points from last year to the 7.4%. Again, our customer mix shift is imposing our net margin for this business but we're pleased with our overall top line growth. The Electrical group had sales in the quarter of $177.4 million, up 5% of revenue and up 23%. Operating profit of $15 million is up 23%. So their margin is basically unchanged at 8.5%. For the year sales for this group are $739 million or 5% of our revenues and up 30%. Our operating profit of $65 million is up 36%. So our margin is up nicely to 8.8% from the prior 8.4%, a solid 40 basis points improvement. So in total, our operating profit was up approximately 10% on a 9% sales increase in the fourth quarter and our operating profit margin improved 10 basis points to 7.8. Operating margin expanded in all four quarters for 2014 and the full year is up 30 basis points to 8.3%. We are very encouraged by this progress and we remain focused on continued margin expansion in the periods ahead. We had net interest expense of $5.5 million in the fourth quarter and this is down from $6.1 million last year, and for the 12 months interest expense is $24 million, which is consistent with the prior year. Looking ahead for 2015, we currently expect net interest expense to be approximately $22 million to $24 million for the full year. Our total amortization expense was $10.5 million for the fourth quarter and $37 million for the full year. Our amortization for both the quarter and the year is up in 2014 due to the acquisition activity across all four of our segments. For 2015, we expect amortization expense to be in the $40 million to $42 million range. The other line which reflects our corporate expense was $15.7 million expense for the fourth quarter, which is down from the $20.7 million in the prior year. For the full year, our corporate expense is $90 million, which is up from $35 million from the prior year or up $67 million before the one-time purchase accounting adjustment that we previously discussed. The favorable fourth quarter comparison primarily reflects certain yearend adjustments from the prior year which slightly increase our expenses in the fourth quarter of 2013. For the year the increase from 2013 reflects a variety of items including higher overall expenses in areas such as legal and professional, insurance and incentive based compensation. In addition, an unfavorable $7 million swing for 2014 associated with our retirement plan valuation adjustment also impacted this line item. With these and other factors in mind we expect corporate expense line to be in the $85 million to $95 million range again in 2015.  Our tax rate was approximately 37.6% for the fourth quarter, up from 36.2% in 2013 as the mix of income by country and relative foreign income tax rate primarily drove the overall higher tax rate. For the year, our 36.4% tax rate is up from the 34.4% in the prior year due to several factors, including the favorable rate on the one-time purchase accounting gain in 2013. In addition our lower retirement plan valuation adjustment and our foreign income and rate mix also contribute to increase in our rate in 2014. Looking ahead, we would expect our tax rate for 2015 to be in the 37% range. Net income for the quarter was $166 million compared, to the $150 million in the fourth quarter or up 10%. Our EPS of $1.07 compared to the $0.97 reported last year also up 10%.  Now let’s discuss a few key balance sheet items. Our cash at December 31st was $138 million, which is down from the $197 million in the prior year. We continue to use our cash to support the growth initiatives in all of our businesses and we remain comfortable with our cash position. Our accounts receivable of $1.9 billion at December 31st increased 12% from 2013 on a 9% sales increase for the fourth quarter. We remain focused on our goal of growing receivables at a rate less than revenue growth and we’ll be working hard to achieve this objective in the periods ahead. We continue to be satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at the end of the year was $3 billion which was up 3% from the prior year or up just 1% excluding the impact of acquisitions. Our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels and we’ll remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward in 2015. Accounts payable balance at year end was $2.6 billion or up 13% from the prior year, due to the positive impact of our improved payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors. We remain encouraged by the continued improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital in our days and payables. Our working capital of $2 billion at December 31st is down slightly from the prior year. Effectively managing our working capital and in particular our accounts receivable inventory and accounts payable is a very high priority for our company. Our ongoing efforts with these key accounts have resulted in solid improvement in our working capital position and cash flow for the last several years and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition.\ Our total debt of $755 million at December 31st is down approximately $70 million from the nine months ended in September and is basically unchanged from the prior year. This represents approximately 19% of total capitalization, which is also consistent with the prior year. Our debt includes two $250 million term notes as well as another $265 million in borrowings under our multi-currency credit facility, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time.  We continue to generate solid cash flows and in 2014 our cash from operations was approximately $800 million and our free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends was $335 million. While not at the level of the historical record achieved in 2013, we’re very pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows. For 2015 we currently expect cash from operations to be in the $800 million to $850 million and the free cash flow to be approximately $350 million. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for cash is the dividend which we’ve paid every year since going public in 1948, and have now raised for 59 consecutive years, effective with yesterday’s Board approval of $2.46 per share annual dividend for 2015. This represents a 7% increase from the $2.30 per share paid in 2014 and it’s approximately 53% of our 2014 earnings per share, which is within our goal of a 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate, and share repurchases. Our capital expenditures were $34 million in the fourth quarter, down from $40 million in the prior year and for the year our capital spending totaled $108 million, which is a slight decrease from the prior year. The decrease in expenditures for the fourth quarter and the year primarily reflects the timing associated with certain projects. With this in mind, we currently expect our capital expenditure to pick up again in 2015 and we look for our CapEx spending to be in the range of $125 million to $145 million for the full year. As usual, the vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization was $40 million in the fourth quarter, up from $36 million in the fourth quarter of the prior year and its $148 million for the full year which is up from $134 million in the prior year. The fourth quarter and full year increases reflect the impact of our capital expenditures, as well as acquisitions and we currently depreciation and amortization to be approximately $155 million to $165 million for the full year in 2015.  Strategic acquisitions continue to be an important use of our cash and they're integral to the growth plans for the Company. In 2014 we made seven acquisitions including at least one in each of our four business segments and we expect this new business to contribute annual revenues of approximately $390 million. We also have remained active in 2015, acquiring JAL associates for the office segment in January and Miller Bearings for the Industrial segment on February 1st that Tom discussed. Combined, we expect these two acquisitions to generate approximately $50 million in annual revenues and to be accretive to our earnings in 2015. We will continue to seek new acquisitions across all of our businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth, generally targeting new [ph] bolt-on acquisition with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally in 2014 we used our cash to repurchase approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock under the Company's share repurchase program. Additionally we have purchased another 500,000 shares thus far in 2015 and currently we have 9.1 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we expect to remain active in the program in the periods ahead as we continue to believe that our stock as an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So that concludes our financial update. It was a solid fourth quarter and a record year but as always there is opportunity for improvement in the periods ahead. We look forward to updating you on our future progress when we report again in April and in closing I would also like to thank all of our GPC associates for all their hard work and dedication. I'll now turn it back over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Gallagher : Thank you, Paul and Carol for your updates and thanks to both of you and your respective teams for the fine job being done and also for the important role that each of your plays in the overall success of Genuine Parts Company. So that concludes our prepared remarks on 2014, and in closing I would say that we're pleased with our overall results. As we look back there were a number of notable achievements. Sales and earnings rose to record levels in all four of our business segments and this enabled GPC to report a record year with sales going over the $15 billion mark for the first time. The 9% sales increase follows an 8% improvement in 2013, indicating a good two year progression. Operating profit improved by 30 basis points with three to four business units contributing nicely. We kept the balance sheet strong and flexible with debt to total capitalization being 18.8%. Cash generation, although down from last year's historic levels were still strong with cash from operations coming in at $790 million and free cash at $335 million. And working capital efficiency improved nicely again in 2014. We returned over $440 million to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchase and dividends and with the 7% dividend increase approved by our Board of Directors yesterday, we've now increase the dividend for the 59th consecutive year. So in summary we're proud of the achievements in 2014 and we're appreciative of the fine job that was done by the GPC associates throughout our organization. Now in looking ahead we remain confident in the underlying fundamentals for each of our business and all of the GPC businesses have well thought out growth strategies for 2015. We're a bit less certain however of the overall impact of the strength of the U.S dollar as well as the impact of the global economic and geo-political issues. But to the best of our ability we have tried to take all of these factors into consideration as we set our expectations for the year ahead. With that said, our initial revenue guidance for total GPC is to be up 3% to 4% for the year, but we want to quickly point out that this includes a 2.5% to 3% negative impact from currency over the course of the year. So you can see that currency will be a significant factor for us in 2015. Adjusting for this translates to a 6% to 7% comparable revenue increase, and this basically reflects core growth. So our underlying growth expectations remain in line with the core revenue growth that we experienced in 2014. And looking at by segment, for Automotive business which is the segment that will be most impacted by currency, our expectation is to be up 2% to 3% for the full year, which includes a 4% negative impact from currency. Adjusting for this currency impact, it represents 6% to 7% increase in the underlying revenues for automotive. In Industrial, we anticipate a 5% to 6% increase and this accounts for 1% negative currency exchange. So before the impact of currency our Industrial sales should also increase 6% to 7%. Office Products should be up 6% to 7% with no material currency impact and we anticipate the Electrical segment to be up 5% to 6%, also with no material currency impact. On the earnings side, our initial guidance would be for EPS to come in between $4.70 to $4.80 and included in this is approximately $0.15 per share that's due to unfavorable exchange rates and the related increase and the tax rate which Carol referenced in her remarks. Stated another way, before the impact of currency and the tax differences, we're guiding to a range of $4.85 to $4.95, which will be up 5% to 7% on a comparative basis. So that will conclude our prepared comments and at this point we'd like to turn the call back to Nicole to take your questions. Nicole?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matthew Fassler : Just start by asking you briefly about Automotive margins. You alluded to the fact that they declined. I don't think you gave a lot of color as to why they were down as sharply as they were with very strong revenue growth. So any color you could give there would be terrific.
Carol Yancey: Yes, Matt, I'll speak to the fourth quarter margins and then kind of talk about it on a full year basis. So our gross margin was down a bit in the fourth quarter within Automotive and we talked about customer and product mix and we offset [ph] some of the foreign currency pressures and some of that flows through to the gross margins as well. And in addition our SG&A wasn't as favorable in the Automotive segment in the quarter. So what I'd point to is -- what we are really pleased to show is that for the full year our Automotive margins were up 10 basis points and I would tell you that, that primarily came from SG&A leverage.
Matthew Fassler: I think all my follow-ups are probably going to relate to this question. First of all, if you think about FX and you think about translational impact versus transactional impact, it seems like you had some transactional friction in there. And if you could just tell us how big -- whether I'm right and how big a hit that was to you? In other words paying in dollars and selling in foreign currency?
Carol Yancey: Yes, we're not going to quantify what the transactional impact is, but just to say that it was somewhat of a headwind in our margins in Automotive in the fourth quarter. The currency was a little worse than what was anticipated and you certainly sell that on the top line. You sell that a bit and then margins as well.
Tom Gallagher: This is Tom. I might also add -- perhaps this might be helpful to you and others on the call and that is that our core NAPA business, the operating margins were strong and improved more than our overall automotive margins. The biggest contributor in the quarter, and frankly even on a year-to-date was the currency exchange and if you recall back to my guidance comments a few moments earlier, we said that automotive was going to be impacted by our estimate, 4 points on the revenue side in 2015. So what's happening outside of U.S. with the strength of the dollar is causing us to see the impact in a pretty heavy way.
Matthew Fassler : Totally understood. Just two more very quick ones that follow from that initial response. As we think about -- was incentive compensation part of the equation? You clearly had a very good year in Automotive from a revenue perspective. Was there any catch-up for bonuses in fourth quarter? 
Carol Yancey: Absolutely. I'd point out again while we're pleased to see the great results in Automotive, the extent that we had on the top line, that flowed through on the incentives. So we had less of a favorable year if you will in the fourth quarter as it related to that incentive compensation. You're exactly right.
Matthew Fassler : And then my final question relates to mix. So I know you spoke about customer mix and product mix really across the collective enterprise. If you think about Automotive, obviously the standout number was DIY or retail. Was that a part of the mix impact on margin? And if so, was that the innate mix -- the innate characteristic of that business, or what you had to do to capture that business? 
Carol Yancey: I guess I would say on the quarterly margins again for automotive, when we talk about the customer and product mix, the examples that they would point to our major account business and the AutoCare business as those businesses continue to have the strong growth. And when we talk about that being in a lower margin, also Paul called out a couple of product categories, one of them being T&E, batteries, our heavy duty products, that's sort of the product and customer mix that we're talking about. Certainly you had something that was more favorable on the retail side that those are unfavorable on the other side, on the commercial side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli : Tom, you were able to outline the expected EPS impact for 2015 of roughly $0.15. Do you guys have a number for the fourth quarter? Is there a reason you can’t give a little bit more detail on that?
Tom Gallagher: I don’t think we have that number here, You can follow up with Sid and he might be able to give you a little more input on that, Scott.
Scot Ciccarelli : Okay, all right. And then I guess a little bit follow up on Matt’s question. You had retail sales outpace commercial in the quarter. I know it’s on lower base but I guess -- why do you think you saw that shift? That’s little bit more pronounced than what you guys have typically seen given your commercial focus, number one. Number two, is that a trend that you’re expecting to continue for the next couple of quarters there?
Paul Donahue: Scott, this is Paul. Our retail business, we did have a good fourth quarter and we had a good year. Our overall retail business was high single digit year-over-year, and that scenario that we intend to continue to focus on. Now I do want to point out that we’re not going to forget where we came from and that’s our commercial wholesale business and that's still -- that’s our bread and butter. But if we can pick up some share on the retail side, and as I mentioned Scott, it’s with some of the very basic blocking tackling in relation some of the things our team is doing on the store hour side, staffing side, just compliance side with our planogram. So we’re very pleased with our retail business and honestly if we can continue to grow that mid to high single digit in ‘15, we’ll be pleased.
Scot Ciccarelli : Got it. And how much would you attribute -- I know this always tricky to figure out. Historically we’ve seen a little bit bigger impact from changing gas prices on the retail side and the commercial side. A, do you think that’s an accurate statement, and B, is there any way to estimate that?
Paul Donahue: I’ll give a shot, Scott. I think -- listen, the consumer has got, I think I read recently about $70 more disposable income in their pocket. Does that help our retail business? I think absolutely it does and how it impacts the commercial business? Well, if you look at what’s happened with Miles Driven and the spike that we saw in late Q3, early Q4 in Miles Driven which are at some of the highest levels we’ve seen in a number of years, that’s going to drive -- obviously that drives our miles driven number up and that’s going to increase our parts business overall.
Tom Gallagher: And Scott, I might add just one additional comment to Paul’s and that is if we look at some of the discretionary items, I think we saw a little bit of an uptick in the flow through of those, which perhaps is attributable to more discretionary income.
Scot Ciccarelli : And that will be mostly on the retail side where you saw that tone?
Tom Gallagher: Yes, it would be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Becks from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mark Becks : Just a follow up on that. Was the decline in gas prices, if you look at the 7% comps in the fourth quarter, it was roughly 200 basis point improvement on the two year. Anyway to sort of get a sense of how much of that is gas versus weather versus some of the internal company initiatives that you guys have been delivering upon.
Tom Gallagher: Mark, I don’t think we can get that granular. There are just so many variables, it’s really hard to try to pinpoint specifically which one is impacting it, we would just say that with the lower gas prices, it is positive and a significant positive for the automotive aftermarket in our opinion.
Mark Becks : Okay. And then on the gross margin side, just trying to get an idea of the direction going forward in 4Q more specifically. Just curious; why was it so severe in the fourth quarter? Was it simply a compare issue, a LIFO? Was there any one-time things in there? And how do you feel about the ability for gross margin expansion in 2015? 
Tom Gallagher: If you look -- I might take a stab at it and then Carol will add more color. But if you look, first of all at Q4 last year, it was clearly the strongest gross margin quarter of the year and we were going up against a tough comparison there. As we think about gross margin across the enterprise in ‘15 all of our businesses have gross margin improvement initiatives and our expectation is that we will show some gross profit improvement over the course of 2015. 
Carol Yancey: Yet another thing I would add, the prior year fourth quarter we had more of a one-time non-recurring adjustment that didn’t repeat in this year fourth quarter, which we knew all along because we've been staying around 30%. And the second thing I would say is, if you think about the volume incentives and our inventory was only up 3% for the year and our team has done a very good job of keeping that inventory down, certainly a good bit than the sales increase. So to the extent that we have volume incentives and those wouldn’t have been necessarily at the same level, that was some pressure on gross margins. And also the Office Products margins were down 10 basis points for the year and that was primarily attributed to gross margin. So we – again we were in line with where we were for the full year at 30% and I think that’s a reasonable assumption going forward.
Mark Becks : Tom, you alluded to some gross margin initiative. To the extent on a call on a public forum you'd be willing to, can you share some of the specific margin improvement initiative that you guys are working on?
Tom Gallagher: Not we wouldn’t want to get into the specifics. I would just say that we’re looking at both sides of the equation and you've got buy side and sell side initiatives and we're working on both of those. 
Mark Becks : And then one just quick follow up then lastly. On the guidance if you look at Automotive, you're expecting up 2% to 3% in the year, which is a little bit below what you delivered in fourth quarter. If we think about automotive margin profile in 2014, assuming you guys hit your sales guidance what does that suggest for automotive margins in 2015?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I'd first respond to that by just reminding that we're looking for our core Automotive to be up 6% to 7% before the impact of exchange rates and we think that all of our businesses can and should show operating margin improvement over the course of 2015.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Tom Gallagher: Hello? Nicole, we might need to go on. We didn’t get anything come through on John Lovallo's call. We might need to go to the next caller.
Operator: Certainly. The next call is from Brian Sponheimer from Gabelli. Your line is open.
Brian Sponheimer: Hey it's Brian. Few things here. One within Motion, any impact from decline in price of oil in the quarter, particularly in some of those Western Canada markets you got into?
Tom Gallagher : Yes Brian this is Tom. Certainly we're going to be impacted like anybody else that services the oil patch. I would say that for us it’s a low single digit percentage of our total volumes. So while it's significant in terms of gross dollars, it's not as big as it might be for some others.
Brian Sponheimer: Low single digit of motion. 
Tom Gallagher: Of motion. And the other thing I would say is that importantly we are going to see a near term decline in demand coming out of those areas. But the segment is not going to go away. It's going contract but it's still going to be there. And potentially an offset for Motion is the lower fuel prices that Paul referenced, that give the consumer a more discretionary income and as that money starts to get spent, it will flow through other segments of the economy, which could and should impact in a positive way some of the other manufacturing customers that Motion deals with. So near term we think it will be a bit of a headwind. Medium and longer term we think it will probably balance out.
Brian Sponheimer: Just thinking about the fourth shut down. Have you guys seen any impact on some of your vendors been able to get product to you?
Tom Gallagher: We look at it a couple of ways; one, with what's happening with some of our vendors; and two, what's happening on some of the direct importing that we're doing. And what we've seen is I think most people are doing a pretty good job of working through the situation. I know in our own case we've had to divert shipments to other ports. So it has not had a significant impact on service levels but it has added to our lead times but it's something we're watching pretty carefully.
Brian Sponheimer: All right, and as I'm thinking about the guidance up 4%, that implies roughly speaking at the high end $15 billion revenue for 2015. What impact do you factor acquisitions for that? Is that the $390 million you referenced before?
Tom Gallagher: No in that would be the acquisitions that were completed in 2014. But we have not factored in anything for any future acquisitions. We do have the Miller Bearing acquisition in there that we mentioned promotion $40 million on an annualized run rate. But anything that happens subsequent is not factored in there.
Brian Sponheimer: And what's the non-comp revenue number that you're implying with that $16 billion.
Tom Gallagher: When you say non-comp?
Brian Sponheimer: Acquired business that you expect to flow through, is it upwards of 250 million?
Tom Gallagher: We don’t have that here Brian. We can have Sid get back to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham : My question is around NAPA. You mentioned that core NAPA operating margins were strong and improved overall auto margins in 4Q. Just to clarify, the NAPA U.S margins increased year over year in the fourth quarter and how did that compare to recent quarters trends?
Tom Gallagher: The margins improved on a quarterly basis and for the full year. So the NAPA organization performed quite well for us this year again. 
Seth Basham : Got it. So the entire drag was really driven by business outside of the U.S.
Tom Gallagher: That’s right.
Seth Basham : And then….
Tom Gallagher: And Seth, just one other thing. That was due to a currency exchange. As Paul referenced we had local currency growth and improvement in these other businesses but when we translated, we lost all of that.
Seth Basham: Got it. Understood. Clearly you guys put up some good core numbers for NAPA U.S. Do you have a sense of where you might be taking share from? 
Paul Donahue: Hey Seth, this is Paul. That's always difficult to tell, especially as you look at some of the good numbers our publically traded competitors put out, but I would have to think that if we're taking a bit of share, it may be from of the smaller regional players that are out there, that perhaps are not growing quite at the level that we are and perhaps some of our publically traded competitors.
Seth Basham: Okay. And what about the independent side of the business in the U.S.? How did that perform, and are you acquiring more independents for that business? 
Tom Gallagher: Independent, the thing we liked about the performance honestly is how balanced it was. Both our Company store group and our independent group grew at comparable levels.
Paul Donahue: And to answer the second part of that question Seth, in terms of -- continue to expand our independent business and to our convert other independent owners out there, absolutely that's core to our business and something that our team is very focused on every year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Higginbotham from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Robert Higginbotham : Question about a recent transaction in the Automotive space. Uni-Select recently sold their US Automotive business to Icahn. And so I'm wondering if you have any thoughts about what the new owner of that business might do with that asset; how you view that as either an opportunity maybe to pick up jobber stores, or a threat competitively. And actually on that front, when you look at other wholesale, independent versus owned store business models, you guys have been a clear standout in terms of consistently executing that business, where others have struggled. What would you point to as kind of your secret sauce to success? And what is and would be difficult for others to replicate?
Paul Donahue: Hey Robert, this is Paul. I'll take the first part of that question and I know you're referring to Uni-Select U.S. and the acquisition by Carl Icahn. Very early on in the process and honestly we probably know about as much as you do at this point. It does not change the competitive landscape. So Uni-Select U.S., I think I read where they were ranked as the No. 5 player in the U.S. So that doesn't really change the competitive landscape at all for us at this point. It may open up some opportunities and I would say that in terms of other Icahn owned business, which of course is Federal-Mogul, they are a long time supplier to NAPA, they are a long time supplier to our industry and they are a good supplier. So for us at this point, until we learn a whole lot more Robert, it's essentially business as usual. The second part of your question then, as it relates to the secret sauce, I don’t know that we have any secret sauce. We have a good strategy each year. We tend to stick to our core. We have a very good group of independent entrepreneurial owners in the marketplace who are very good at what they do and we provide them what we think is best in class training and programs to enable them to compete everyday out there on the street. And so if there is any secret sauce, that may be the takeaway.
Robert Higginbotham : Okay. And switching gears to Office Products, how should we think about the potential impact of the pending Staples/Office Depot merger? Could you help us at least maybe size what you see the opportunity -- and risk on the flip side of that of being to maybe gaining some first call volumes; and again on the flipside maybe potentially losing some first call volumes. And then how to think about just overall margin trends, as presumably that bigger entity will push you on price.
Tom Gallagher: Robert, I'll take a stab at that and I start by saying that these are both good companies and this transaction seems to make good strategic sense for each of them. As you probably know they're both fine customers to S.P. Richards who are first call with Office Depot; and we've got a significant second call position with Staples. From the published reports, and that's all we can go on but from the published reports that we've seen, the transaction is probably going to be consummated toward the later part of the year. So between now and then it's business as usual and we're going to continue to provide the best service that we can provide, and the best support that we can provide to both entities, and certainly post transaction will hope to be the first call -- a wholesale provider to the new entity. As far as trying to size it, we wouldn’t want to get into that here. But we’re optimistic about what’s going to happen in the future. We think there is a lot of upside there potentially. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from BB&T. Your line is open.
Bret Jordan : Most have been hit, but could we talk a little bit about the Mexico initiative? I think you were ramping that up in the fall of 2014; and maybe some early signs on success there?
Paul Donahue: Yes, absolutely, Bret, we did launch our NAPA Mexico initiative back in October. We opened our distribution center and a number of company owned stores in the marketplace. It’s very early on. We’re pleased with the progress that we’re making and it’s going to be a long initiative for us for sure. But in the early days we’re pleased with the progress that our team is making down there.
Bret Jordan: Okay. And then one follow-up question on an earlier topic and you're picking up independent distributors and clearly there's been some transition out there on the Carquest side. Could you give us any color? Have you added -- and the numbers that you have added to Carquest, ex-Carquest distributors? 
Tom Gallagher: This is Tom, Bret. I think the way we’d like to answer that is that we’re pleased with the progress we’ve made to-date. We continue to see opportunities and we think we’ll continue to make progress but we would not want to disclose the absolute numbers.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Greg Melich : I had one follow-up on the margin progression on the guidance, and then a little more mechanical question for Carol. First, it sounds like although margins were down only because of FX in the fourth quarter, and so when you look at your guidance for this year, when you say that you expect the margins to be up, is that in core in Auto? Or do you think that once you bring in the FX, they could actually be down a bit at least for the first few quarters? 
Carol Yancey: I guess our gross margin guidance that we would be giving would be in total, since we don’t really get into it by segment. And I think our around 30% guidance assumes probably flattish in all of our businesses. I think the operating margin improvement that we’ve talked about in each of our segments and we’ve talked about the 10 to 20 basis point improvement and coming off of this year and have 30 basis points, we’ve been really pleased to see that, that we’ve got certainly some headwinds going into 2015. That's primarily going to probably more come through the SG&A line more so than the growth margin line.
Bret Jordan: And then, Carol, on working capital, given the nice improvement that you saw, if I’m not mistaken the cash from ops actually came in a little bit lower than the guidance you had earlier in the year. I think it was 900 million and ended up being about 100 million less than that. What was driving that? Was that the receivable growth that you talked about? And could you help explain a little bit what your business has been and how that will normalize? Thanks. 
Carol Yancey: Yes. So, you’re right. We were a little bit short what we had anticipated from our cash from activities and I would tell you the two primary areas for accounts receivable that you mentioned and that's primarily in the Automotive and Office Sector and again with the stronger revenue growth in what we had, on some of that is we have additional terms. I would tell that our day sales outstanding, we look at it over the course of the couple years. In the past four years that’s been flat. So we’ve been pleased to see that. The second factor in working capital was accounts payable which you mentioned and it goes to a little bit earlier when I mentioned our team really did a good job in the inventory area. So we had in a couple of the segments and it was certainly Industrial and Electrical that slowed down their purchases if you will. So you didn’t see as much on the accounts payable side. And then the other thing is on automotive, which is certainly where we see a lot of the improved terms, we have anniversaried some of those. And it was largely a timing thing that we didn’t have as much coming into the quarter. So we’re looking for improvement on those lines. And again, it was a strong number but not quite where we thought it would be. 
Greg Melich : Would it be fair to sum up that last year’s earlier goal, the $900 million, included a bigger working capital benefit? Instead now you’re going to see that benefit over a few years, and that’s why now we’re using $800 million to $850 million. Is that a fair summary? 
Carol Yancey: I think that’s a fair summary, yes. And I think that and we don’t talk about it as much is our [indiscernible] to inventory was 84% this year and 77% last year. So it’s improvement each year but I think it spread out over little longer period.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: We want to thank you for your participation today and your support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting back to you in April after our first quarter numbers. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Donahue - President Carol Yancey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Becks - JPMorgan Elizabeth Suzuki – Bank of America Chris Bottiglieri – Wolfe Research Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets Robert Higginbotham – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Greg Melich - ISI Group Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Celina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn today’s conference call over to Mr. Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts third quarter 2014 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Sid. And I would also like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President along with Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and I will each handle a portion of today’s call. And once we have completed our individual remarks, we will look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning we released our third quarter results and hopefully you have had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were 3.986 billion, and this was up 8% over the prior year. Operating income was 298.3 million, which was up 10%; net income was 190.5 million, which was also up 10% and our earnings per share were $1.24 this year compared to $1.12 last year, which is an 11% increase. So with revenues up 8%, net income up 10% and EPS up 11%, we feel that we came through the quarter in good shape. And as you will hear from Carol in a few minutes, all four of our business segments were able to show operating margin improvement in the quarter, which is encouraging and in our opinion indicative of an overall good job done by each of our management teams. Turning to the individual performances by business segment, as we customarily do, I’ll make a few comments on the non-automotive operations and then Paul will follow with an overview of the Automotive segment. Starting with industrial. This is our second largest segment representing 31% of total company revenues on a year-to-date basis. We’re pleased to report another solid quarter from the industrial team. Sales were up 10% and this continues the trend of sequentially strengthening sales results going back to the final quarter of last year. After being up 3% in the fourth quarter of 2013, we were up 4% in the first quarter, 7% in the second quarter and 10% in the third quarter. And if we look at it without acquisitions and foreign exchange impact, in the first quarter were up 2%, second quarter up 4% and third quarter up 8%. So a nice trend in the sales progression and our industrial operations are now up 7% year-to-date. And looking a bit more closely at the results on a product basis, we’re pleased to see positive growth across all of our major product categories in the quarter. And then from a customer perspective, 11 of our top 12 customer segments are showing growth in the quarter as well. The strongest segments in alphabetical order are automotive, coal and aggregate, iron and steel, lumber and wood products and pulp and paper. And similar to our overall sales results for the quarter, each of our top 12 customer categories had their strongest sales increases of the year, perhaps reflective of further strengthening in the industrial segment of the economy, which should bode well for our industrial business in the quarters ahead. Moving on to EIS, our electrical, electronic and wire and cable segment, we’re pleased to be able to report another strong revenue quarter with sales up 35%, which is the strongest quarter of the year. However, it is important to point out that most of our revenue increase is attributable to acquisitions completed over the past 12 months and the underlying business is up just slightly similar to what we have seen pretty much all year long. Lower copper prices had been a slight headwind to our revenue growth on the electrical side, but more significant has been the deferred demand that we have seen from telecommunication customers in the wire and cable segment and reduced demand from several contract manufacturers in the electronic segment. While we don’t anticipate significant changes in any of these specific situations until early 2015, we do see some modest improvement in the early days of the fourth quarter. And this, combined with the acquisition revenue, will enable EIS to report a strong finish to the year. Switching to the office product segment, S. P. Richards turned in a fine quarter with sales up 15%. As with our industrial operations, we have seen nice sequential improvement from the office products group. In the fourth quarter of last year they were down 4%, they were even in the first quarter of this year and then up 4% in Q2 and up 15% in Q3. And looking at it without acquisitions and currency exchange impact, we were down 4% in the fourth quarter of last year, down 1% in the first quarter of this year and then up 2% in Q2 and up 8% in Q3. As just referenced, acquisitions accounted for approximately seven points to the increase in the third quarter and the increased volume from our new Office Depot agreement was a significant contributor as well. However, we were encouraged with the mid single digit growth that we saw with our independent office products resellers. This is back-to-back solid quarters with this important segment of our customer base and we’re pleased with the results that we’re seeing here. We’re also pleased to see solid results across all four of our main product categories. Technology products, core office supplies and furniture reached up mid to high single digit in the quarter and facility and breakroom supplies were up low double digit. So good results across all of the product categories as well as across our two primary customer categories, the independent resellers on the megas and we’re pleased with the consistency and the balance that we saw in our sales results in the quarter. And importantly, we feel that the office products team is well positioned to end the year in good shape. So that’s a brief overview of our non-automotive businesses. And at this point we will ask Paul to bring up-to-date on the automotive segment. Paul?
Paul Donahue:  Thank you, Tom. Good morning everyone and let me add my welcome to our quarterly conference call. I’m pleased to join you today and to have an opportunity to provide you an update on the third quarter performance of our automotive business. As Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, our automotive business grew top line revenues by 4% in the third quarter. This essentially reflects our core automotive growth for the quarter of 4.4%. This sales increase was in line with our expectations. We were able to deliver on our commitments in spite of the milder than normal temperatures here in the U.S., evidence of our teams out in the field continuing to perform at a high level. When evaluating on our quarterly performance, we’re encouraged by the solid results across our automotive businesses, including the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Australia and New Zealand. In the U.S., all regions of the country are positively contributing to our sales growth. As has been the case the past several quarters, our Midwest and Central divisions continue to lead the way for the company. We also saw solid sales growth in the Southern, Atlantic and Mountain regions of the country. Turning to our U.S. company owned same store sales. Comp store sales growth in the third quarter came in at plus 6%. This 6% increase is on top of 4% in the same quarter of 2013, giving us a two year stack of plus 10%. This solid performance continues to run up strong same store sales numbers dating back to the fourth quarter of 2013 when our team delivered a 7% increase. The NAPA team continued to execute well as they delivered an 8% increase in the first quarter of 2014 followed up with a 7% increase last quarter. While we’re pleased with these strong numbers, we also are well aware of the tougher comps facing us in the quarters ahead. Our sales increase in Q3 was bolstered by continued strong growth in our commercial wholesale segment. We followed up our 7% increase in Q2 with another healthy increase of 6% in the third quarter. As most of you know, the key drivers of our commercial business are the NAPA AutoCare centers and our strong alliance with our major account customers. These two big wholesale initiatives continue to exceed expectations and we’re proud of our dedicated teams in both these businesses. Let’s start with our major account business. This important segment of our business delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of low double digit sales growth. And turning to our NAPA AutoCare centers, we continue to grow the overall number of AutoCare centers, now totaling over 15,500. This team posted high single digit sales increase in the quarter and through nine months they were up low double digits year-over-year. So all in all, another fine performance by these two segments of our commercial business. Another segment of our commercial business worth breaking out is our all important fleet business. As a reminder, this segment posted a 6% increase in the second quarter and we followed that up with a 7% increase in the third quarter. This strong performance puts us at plus 7% through three quarters. We can also report improving trends in our average wholesale ticket value with little to no inflation support. We are also encouraged to see our average number of tickets continuing to increase. We continue to be pleased with our improved performance in our retail business. This segment of our business grew 5% in the third quarter. And if you'll recall, our retail business generated a 9% increase in the first quarter and a 7% increase in the second quarter. As we saw with our wholesale business, we generated a mid single digit increase in our average retail ticket value while we experienced a slight decline in our average number of retail tickets in the quarter. Our team has been working hard to drive both increased foot traffic and our average retail ticket value. These efforts are beginning to take hold and we’re pleased with this performance through nine months. Now, let’s take a look at the product categories driving our growth. Our heavy duty business continues to post strong results as this group generated low double digit growth in the quarter. We also experienced low double digit growth in our brake business and strong growth from our tool and equipment business. Core product categories like chassis, ride control and our filter business, all experienced mid to high single digit growth. Conversely, the milder temps experienced this summer had a negative impact on our heating and cooling product sales. So in summary, we’re encouraged by the growth opportunities available to us in both the retail and commercial sectors of the automotive aftermarket. While we have much work ahead of us, we remain optimistic that the initiatives our team is focused on will continue to drive strong results. We would also add that the industry fundamentals remain steady and positive for the aftermarket. The average age of vehicles on the road remains in excess of 11 years, the total fleet is large and growing and deferred maintenance remains at historically high numbers. Likewise, important metrics such as the price of gasoline and miles driven are trending favorable. Fuel prices continue to decrease and accordingly miles driven have increased now for the sixth consecutive month through August and stand at plus 0.6% year-to-date.  In closing, we’re pleased with our third quarter results as well as our year-to-date performance. While we didn’t experience a hot summer we’re all hoping for, our NAPA team persevered and delivered another in a series of good quarters. We are proud of our management team and know they remain committed to driving profitable growth throughout 2014 and beyond. We would like to personally thank all of our associates both at NAPA North America and at GPC Asia-Pac and Australia and New Zealand for their efforts in the third quarter. So that completes our overview of the automotive business. And at this time I’ll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey:  Thank you, Paul. We'll begin with a review of our third quarter and nine month income statements and the segment information and then we will review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back up to wrap it up and then we will open the call up to your questions. As Tom mentioned, our total revenues were a record 4 billion for the third quarter, an increase of 8% from last year, which includes the 5% underlying sales growth, a 3% contribution from acquisitions, and this was offset by a currency headwind of approximately 0.5%. Our gross profit for the third quarter was 29.7% of sales compared to the 29.9% gross margin reported last year. For the nine months, our gross margin of 29.9% compares to the 29.6% reported last year or 29.8% excluding the one time purchase accounting adjustment in 2013 that’s previously been disclosed and also referenced in today’s press release. The pressure on our third quarter gross margin reflects the impact of our ongoing customer and product mix shifts that we see in our businesses. For 2014, we expect our margins to approach the 30% range with the gradual expectation of margin expansion in 2015 and the years ahead. This is an area that is receiving a good bit of our management team's attention. As an additional point of interest, we’re seeing some slight inflation in our nonautomotive businesses year-to-date, but we continue to see very little inflation in automotive and we don’t expect this to change over the balance of the year. Our year-to-date cumulative pricing for 2014 is 0.2% in automotive, 1.2% in industrial, 1.2% in office products, and 0.3% in electrical. Turning to our SG&A. Our total expenses were 885 million in the third quarter, which is an improvement of 30 basis points to 22.2% compared to the 22.5% reported last year. For the nine months, our total SG&A expenses are 2.6 billion, which is 22.5% of sales, compared to 22% in 2013 or 22.5% before the purchase accounting adjustment mentioned earlier. The improvement in our third quarter SG&A expenses continue to reflect a combination of our cost savings associated with the freeze of our pension plan effective January 1st as well as the ongoing benefits of our cost saving initiatives and expense leverage. We remain focused on effectively managing our cost in every area of our business and through these initiatives we expect to show continued progress on our SG&A line in the periods ahead. Now let’s discuss the results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the third quarter was 2.1 billion and represents 52% of total sales and is up 4%. Our operating profit of 193 million is up 7.3%, so their margin improved by 30 basis points to 9.2% from the 8.9% last year. For the nine months, our automotive sales of 6.1 billion is up 10%. Our operating profit of 550 million is up 12.8% and our margin is up 20 basis points year-to-date to 9.0%. Our industrial sales were 1.2 billion in the third quarter and this is 31% of our total revenues and up 10% from 2013. Our operating profit of 95.3 million is up 20% and our operating margin expanded a strong 60 basis points to 7.8% from the 7.2% last year. Year-to-date industrial sales of 3.57 billion are up 7%. Our operating profit of 274 million is up 10.7% and our margin of 7.7% is up 30 basis points from last year. Our office products revenues were 497 million in the quarter or 12% of total revenues and up a very strong 15.4%. Our operating profit of 33.3 million is up 19%, so their operating margin increased by 20 basis points to 6.7%. For the nine months, office revenues of 1.3 million represent 11% of the total and are up 6.4%. Our operating profit of 98.4 million is up 8% and our margin is up 10 basis points from last year to 7.4%. The electrical group had sales in the third quarter of 193 million and that's 5% of our revenue and up 35%. Operating profit of 17.8 million is up 41% and their margin is 9.2% which is up 40 basis points from last year’s 8.8%. Year-to-date sales for this group are 562 million or up 32%, and our operating profit of 50 million is up 41%. So our margin is up nicely to 8.9% from the 8.3% last year which is a solid increase of 60 basis points. So our total operating profit was up 13% in the third quarter and our margin improved 30 basis points to 8.5%. This increase follows a 20 and 30 basis point margin improvement in the first and second quarters respectively. So for the nine months, our total operating margin is 8.4%, which is up 20 basis points from 2013. As covered earlier, our overall margin expansion is supported by increases in each of our four business segments in both the quarter and the nine months. So we’re encouraged by this progress and we remain focused on continued margin expansion in the periods ahead. We had net interest expense of 6.3 million in the third quarter which is down from the 7 million last year. For the nine months, interest expense is 18.7 million and we expect this cost to remain relatively steady over the balance of 2014. We currently estimate interest expense to be 24 million to 25 million for the full year. Our total amortization was 8.9 million for the third quarter and this is 26.3 million for the nine months. Year-to-date our amortization is up from last year due to the acquisition activity across all four of our segments. We expect amortization expense to be in the 35 million to 36 million range for the full year. The other line which reflects our corporate expense was 26 million expense for the third quarter, which is relatively consistent with the first and second quarters, although up from last year. The increase from 2013 reflects an unfavorable $4 million swing associated with our retirement plan valuation adjustment as well as higher expenses for a variety of items including legal and professional, insurance and incentive related costs which have continued to impact this line item. For the nine months, this line shows 75 million of expense and this is up from the 47 million last year excluding the one-time purchase accounting adjustment in 2013 of 33 million. Currently we expect this line to be in the 90 million to 95 million range for 2014. Our tax rate was approximately 36.1% for the third quarter of 2014 and 2013. For the nine months, our 36% tax rate compares to a 34% tax rate for the same period the prior year. The increase in our nine months tax rate is primarily due to last year’s favorable tax rate on the one-time purchase accounting gain. Looking ahead, we expect our full year tax rate for 2014 to be in the 36% range. Our net income for the quarter at 190.5 million compares to the 173.7 million or up 10%. Our EPS of $1.24 compared to the $1.12 last year is up 11% and for the nine months our net income of 546 million is up 9% and our EPS of $3.53 is up 10% from the nine months of 2013 on a comparative basis. Now let’s discuss some of the balance sheet items. Our cash at September 30th was 136 million, which was down from approximately 321 million last September and 197 million at December 31st. We continue to use our cash to support the growth initiatives in each of our businesses and we remain comfortable with our cash position at September 30th. Our accounts receivable of 2 billion at September 30th increased 12% from the same period in 2013 on an 8% sales increase for the quarter. We remain focused on our goal of growing receivables at a rate less than the revenue growth and we have some work to do in this area in the periods ahead. But we’re very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at quarter end was 3 billion which is up approximately 6% from last September and up only 2% from December 31st. Before the impact of acquisitions, inventory is basically unchanged from year-end and up 3% from last September so our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels. We will remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward during the year and also into 2015. Our accounts payable balance at September 30th was 2.5 billion or up 15% from September 2013 and this is due to the positive impact of our extended payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors and to a lesser extent the impact of acquisitions. Our continued improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital in days and payables is encouraging. We expect this favorable trend to continue in the periods ahead. Our working capital of 1.9 billion at September 30th compares to 1.8 billion at December 30th of 2013, an increase of 6%. Effectively managing accounts receivable inventory and accounts payable is a very high priority for our company and our ongoing efforts with these key accounts have resulted in solid improvement in our working capital and cash flow. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at September 30, 2014. The total debt of 835 million at September 30th is relatively unchanged from last year and it represents approximately 19% of our total capitalization. The September 30, 2014 debt includes two 250 million term notes as well as another 335 million in borrowings under our multi-currency syndicated credit facility agreement. We are comfortable with our capital structure at this time. Thus far in 2014, our cash from operations is approximately 586 million and for the full year, we currently expect cash from operations to be approximately 900 million. We expect free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends, to be in the 425 million to 450 million range. We are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and we remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for cash is the dividend which we have paid every year since going public in 1948 and have now raised for 58 consecutive years. Our annual dividend of $2.30 per share in 2014 represents a 7% increase from the $2.15 per share paid in 2013 and that’s approximately 52% of our 2013 earnings and that is well within our goal of the 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal will be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our core businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures was 34 million for the third quarter and 74 million for the nine months. We currently expect our capital expenditures to pick up further over the balance of the year and we look for our CapEx expending to be in the range of 120 million to 130 million for the full year. This is down slightly from our previous estimate of 130 million to 140 million, but in line with our prior year CapEx of 124 million. As usual, the vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization was 35 million in the third quarter, consistent with third quarter last year, and 109 million for the nine months which is up from the 98 million in the prior year. The nine-month increase reflects the impact of GPC Asia Pacific as well as our more recent acquisitions. We currently anticipate depreciation and amortization to be approximately 145 million to 150 million for the full year. Our strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash for us and they're integral to the growth plans for our company. In the third quarter, we made three acquisitions including one small tuck-in for both our automotive and electrical businesses, as well as the July 1st addition of Impact Products to our office products group, which we discussed in our last call. All in we have made seven acquisitions thus far in 2014 including one in each of our four business segments. We expect these new businesses to contribute total annual revenues of approximately 390 million. We are encouraged by the growth opportunities we see for each of these acquisitions and we’ll continue to seek new acquisitions across our businesses to enhance our prospect for future growth. We’re generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally thus far in 2014, we have used our cash to repurchase approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program. Today we have another 9.5 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases but we expect to remain active in the program over the balance of the year as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with our dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So that concludes our financial update, a solid quarter but more room for improvement. And in closing, we want to thank our GPC associates for all their hard work. We have a great team. And because of their dedication and hard work, the company is well positioned for continued growth in the fourth quarter and beyond. We look forward to updating you on our future progress when we report again. I will now turn it back over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and Paul for those informative and comprehensive updates. So that will complete our planned comments. And in recapping our view on the quarter, we would say that we feel good about the performance turned in by the GPC team with sales up 8%, net income up 10% and earnings per share up 11%. As we look toward year-end based upon our year-to-date results, we feel that some modest adjustments to our prior guidance would be appropriate. On the revenue side, we previously had guided automotive revenues to be up 7% to 8% and at this point we would say that that would be up closer to the 8%. In industrial, we previously had said up 5% to 7% and now we would say up 6% to 7%. Office products was 6% to 7% and at this point we would say 8% to 9%. Electrical was 25% to 30% and we would suggest right at 30%. So for the total company, prior guidance was to be up 7% to 8% and now we would say we'll be up 8%. And on the earnings side we previously had guided in the $4.54 to $4.60 range. We are comfortable taking that upside and we now feel that $4.56 to $4.60 is more appropriate and that would represent an earnings per share increase of 9% to 10% for the full year. So at this point we would like to address your questions. And we will turn the call back to. Celina. Celina?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mark Becks with JP Morgan.
Mark Becks - JPMorgan: I guess just to start off on the automotive side. Looking at your guidance of 8% sales growth, by my calculations it looks like it's sort of like a 3%-ish number in sales growth for NAPA in 4Q. Maybe just trying to get an update on how you are thinking about the automotive trends. Obviously they are still very solid, but you are lapping some pretty impressive comparisons, so maybe what you are seeing in the business now. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher:  I will try to answer that. The guidance would suggest some modest deceleration. However, as you pointed out, the comps are getting a bit more challenging. And we also don’t know what the early winter weather impact we may get this year. As far as the current trends, we would say that we are pleased with what we see in automotive specifically in the beginning or the early days of the fourth quarter. And I might say that that same comment would hold true for the other businesses as well. We are early in October, but we do like what we see at this point.
Mark Becks - JPMorgan: And then on the gross margin side, a little bit of a headwind there. Can you elaborate a little bit on what caused the pressure there? Is there any change in the promotional activity going on in the category? Is that maybe some acquisition related impact? Thank you.
Tom Gallagher:  The margin, as I think we mentioned in the last call, the margin is being impacted a bit by the customer mix and the product mix that we see across our businesses. And as you know, the larger the customer in any of our businesses, the greater the discount that they receive. So the margin compacts some. However, the offset to that is the greater the volume, the more leverage that we can get. So in the quarter, our gross margin was down 18 basis points, but our SG&A was down 29 basis points, so we did have a positive 11 basis point improvement in our operating margin. So that’s the primary thing that’s happened. If we look at it on the product side, we see nice growth in a couple of areas that Paul mentioned. Certainly our heavy duty business was up and that’s a little bit lower gross margin, but higher ticket values. The same thing would be true on tools and equipment in the automotive. If we look at the office products business, I mentioned that our technology products were up, again higher ticket value, but lower margin. So I think they would be the primary contributing factors.
Mark Becks - JPMorgan:  And then just a follow-up to the margin comment. On the industrial side, presumably you might have hit some vendor rebates kicking in with the big acceleration there, maybe where that’s coming from and the sustainability of that. It looks like incremental margins were kind of mid-teens maybe historically what you've seen with incremental margins on the industrial side. Thank you.
Carol Yancey:  So Mark on the gross margin on the industrial, what we would say is certainly with their core growth coming back a bit, we’re seeing some of the volume incentives come back, but I would say it’s really more trending in line with what their sales increases are. It was primarily more their cost savings and the leverage that came through on that for the industrial side.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki – Bank of America:  Hi, this is Elizabeth Suzuki on for John. In terms of the acquisition landscape, which segment are you most interested in? And how do the multiples being paid for acquisitions compare to about a year ago?
Tom Gallagher:  I will try to answer that. And I would say that our overall growth strategies across each of the businesses include a component for acquisition growth. We have been able to make acquisitions in each of the four businesses over the course of this year. In terms of where the acquisitions may come from prospectively, we’ve got active discussions going on in each of the businesses, but there are more possibilities in the industrial and the electrical sides of the business only because those industries continue to be the more fragmented of the two industries that we’re in. In terms of the valuations, valuations are relatively constant with where they’ve been. They might be pushing the top end of what we would consider to be reasonable valuation, but they're still relatively consistent. And I would also, just as a point of information, I would say that we continue to be what we would consider to be fairly consistent in our valuation models and we’re going to – if it doesn’t fit our model, there is a high probability it won't be a deal that we do. We’re not going to do any deals that are dilutive to our shareholders.
Elizabeth Suzuki – Bank of America:  And then just one other quick one is that GPC once operated in Europe. Do you foresee any future operations there?
Tom Gallagher:  As it turns out, I actually was involved in that business stack then. And I think our primary emphasis would be in North America, in Australasia and potentially South East Asia and then also into more in Mexico and Latin America. Not to the exclusion of Europe, but that would be down the list. We think there may be other opportunities for us in these other areas that might be more attractive.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Aram Rubinson with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri – Wolfe Research:  Hi. This is actually Chris Bottiglieri on for Aram. Was hoping you can kind of walk us through the incremental margins maybe by segment and what you’re seeing particularly perhaps ex acquisitions. It seems like you had a lot of very strong growth obviously in industrial on an organic basic, the same with office. So maybe just talk about like your maybe implied margins for -- was this quarter – I want to keep saying Q4, or maybe just long term where you expect those to trend?
Carol Yancey: I guess just to comment on -- so a couple of things on the margin. While we were able to see -- what we’re seeing there, and again you’re seeing it in total, so there is some gross margin pressure, but you’re seeing our improvement on SG&A and that really applies to all of our segments. And I think where we’re seeing the improved top line growth, we’re able to really see that push through on the SG&A line. So where we are more on the nine months year-to-date basis, and when you look at what our margins are up for each of our segments, we’re still going to really hope to keep the 10 to 20 basis point improvement for each one of those and a little bit greater than that in the electrical., but I think maintaining where we are at through the nine months and looking for just a continued 10 to 20 basis points for each of the segments.
Chris Bottiglieri – Wolfe Research: And one another additional small question. Can you talk a little bit about the industrial, what’s causing the explosive growth in organic revenue? But at least compared to industrial production, it seems to really have accelerated this past quarter. And maybe one of the segments that you're playing out might be outperforming versus the benchmark? 
Tom Gallagher:  We mentioned five, I think it was five categories or customer segments that we’ve enjoyed a little bit stronger growth than the overall, and they pretty much follow what you’re seeing happening in the economy. If you look, automotive is a strong segment for us right and you see what’s happening with new vehicle sales. Lumber and wood products and the mining and aggregate are both fairly strong for us and we think that may follow what’s happening with construction, both housing as well as commercial construction. So I think we’re following the overall trends within the economy. The external indices, industrial production capacity utilization, they’ve actually been fairly strong for a number of months now. And it’s been our expectation that we would see some improvement in our sequential growth rates and I think we’re just now beginning to experience some of that. And then one other thing I might add is that in prior calls I think we’ve mentioned that we keep track of what we would call project work, which is work that our manufacturing customers are planning to do where they may take a line down or they may do a complete refurbishment. And to the best of our ability, we try to quantify what that might be and we follow the patterns on that end for a period of time. What we saw is a relatively consistent dollar amount of project work. But to take out on that was not flowing as it had historically. We had seen some deferrals, some delays and we’re beginning to see some of that work being done now. So that’s probably contributing a bit to the overall growth rates as well.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets:  A quick question, I guess, on the auto. I was about to ask that project work question a second ago, but just to sort of follow off on that. What’s the expectation -- I mean if we sort of look at the quarter on the industrial side, how would it weigh percentage that was sort of just general disposable as opposed to project work from a contribution standpoint, just sort of trying to get a feeling for where we are, what inning we are in the expansion of projects work?
Tom Gallagher:  Bret, I’ll try to answer that. And I would say that it was more weighted toward the day in and day out needs than it was the project work. We were pleased to see some increased activity on the project work, but the overall growth rates were more driven by a good, steady demand from ongoing operations.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then back to my other question. If we look at sort of any prospective or early look at market share shifts, are you seeing anything shaking out as far as recent consolidation? I think a question was asked earlier about increased promotional levels. But are you seeing maybe a shift in some of the customers' bias to go with you as a commercial supplier as opposed to other competitors?
Tom Gallagher:  I think the best way we could answer that would be to point to our NAPA AutoCare on our major account business. Paul referenced in his comments that we’ve enjoyed nice growth again this quarter and we’ve had a number of really good quarters there. And I think those results would indicate that there has been a bit of share gain with those customers or a share gain by those customers, whichever, and I think we’re benefiting from that. I don’t know if there is more that Paul might want to add to that.
Paul Donahue: No. Tom hit on it, Bret. Those two businesses, as we’ve discussed before, continue to perform well and show no real signs of slowing. So I would think with the kind of growth rates that we’ve seen, high single digit out of our AutoCare group this past quarter and low double digits out of our major accounts., we’re very pleased with that performance and our team's really got to go on all cylinders.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: And Paul, one last question. You mentioned that all markets were -- all regional markets were up and some of the standout strong markets. What were the weaker markets relative just geographically?
Paul Donahue: As we’ve seen a good bit this year, Bret, out West and certainly when we always like to talk about weather, certainly the drought has impacted, we believe, some of our customers out there both on the installer side as well as some of our independent owners. So that would be absolutely one that would stand out.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Robert Higginbotham with SunTrust.
Robert Higginbotham – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Quick first question on auto and imports specifically. Your major competitors have really increased their attention on that piece of the business and they’re doing it in a couple of different ways, a couple of people using the warehouse distributor model and then some cross-sourcing to the legacy stores, if you will, and then one focusing on developing private labels specifically for imports. You guys really don’t talk much about that. Could you give us a sense to how you view that piece of the market? How important you see it and how you see yourselves attacking that going forward?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Robert, this is Paul. I will give it a shot. I am assuming you’re referring to a couple of our competitors and recent acquisitions. And you’re right, we don’t talk much about the OE import business. But I would tell you that six plus years ago we did an acquisition of a company called Altrom, which is a OE branded provider that we acquired six years ago. They do business both in the U.S. and Canada. We viewed it then as we view it now as a very strategic and integral part of our overall automotive business. And we’ve been getting after it for a number of years. So I think that what you’re seeing with our competitors’ recent acquisitions, which I think is a good move on their part, it just further reinforces the opportunities that are in that segment of the business.
Robert Higginbotham – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then on the Asia Pacific, and when you look outside of Australia, in the past you've somewhat loosely alluded to opportunities outside of Australia and using Australia as a foothold, as a platform for growth in the larger region. Could you give us a sense of how -- what you see in those neighboring markets, specifically automotive, in terms of size, competitive fragmentation, kind of what the opportunity is there?
Tom Gallagher: I’ll take that one, Robert. First of all, our primary and near term focus is continuing to build out in Australia and New Zealand and the team there is doing a really good job for us in that regard and we continue to see some pretty attractive opportunities in those markets today. At the same time, we’re looking at some other markets. I had mentioned that China is not high on our list. Although it’s a large and rapidly growing market, it’s not one that we think is ready for a company like ours yet or a company like ours is not yet ready for China, either way. But there are some other markets. Although they’re smaller, they’re enjoying very attractive growth rates in the vehicle part. And when you total up a couple of them, they’d become fairly significant. So we’re in the process of trying to gather as much market intelligence as we can currently, make as many contacts as we can with existing players in those markets. And at some point, it’s probable that we’ll make a move to start to do business in some of those markets.
Robert Higginbotham – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And let me sneak one quick one and hopefully -- in the past you’ve talked about a stronger dollar hurting the export business of some of your customers and then that of course are flowing through to softness in your own business. Are you seeing any of that happen now or are you concerned about that?
Tom Gallagher: Yes, it continues. The dollar continues to be quite strong vis-à-vis other currencies. So that continues to be an issue for those customers of ours, primarily capital goods type customers who are shipping and selling product into some of these other markets. And then you combine that with a general malaise in the global economy and you’ve got a combination of maybe a bit softer demand and the higher dollar that causes some compression for some of those customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: I have my first question on office products to change it up a bit and a couple of quick follow-ups on automotive. If you think about the pop that you saw in the underlying growth rate in office supply and if you could sort of isolate as best as you can some of the drivers of it, can you talk about how much maybe layering in the Office Max business would be versus your getting just a bigger share of the pie given your new deal down at Office Depot? And then finally what you’re seeing in terms of intrinsic demand which, based on what you saw from the independents, that also seems like it wasn’t so bad?
Tom Gallagher: Maybe we’ll take them in reverse order, Matt. The demand was actually encouraging, especially from the independents and there has been a lot of work going on by our office products team to work with independent owners to help them improve their position in their respective marketplaces and I think that’s a partial contributor to results that we saw. Additionally, we had seen some slowdown in governmental spending, as a general statement, and that has a ripple effect on a number of our independent customers and we saw that improve some over the last two quarters. So, that’s been a contributor as well. As far as looking out a little bit, we’re encouraged by what we’ve seen on the independents side and the expectation is that it should continue to generate reasonably good growth for us over the next quarter or two for sure. It's hard for us -- moving on to the question on the incremental volume from Office Depot and Office Max, it's hard for us to be able to extrapolate that very precisely. I can tell you that the aggregate volume is running very much in line with what we thought it would be and what the Office Depot folks thought it would be. So, we’re very pleased with what we see in the early days and I think it's a reflection of the combined entities, but it's also, I think, a reflection on some improved demand for the combined entity today and I think they're doing a pretty good job.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Great. On automotive, kind of a quantitative question. If you could just help us understand the difference between the 4% reported total growth and the 6% comp, presumably there is -- there would ordinarily be I guess store growth. I might have gone the other way, you have ForEx. Anything else that would have driven that delta?
Paul Donahue:  No, you hit on it, Matt. Just to reemphasize, the 6% same store sales number that we mentioned, that’s reflective of our U.S. company owned store base. There is a combination of factors this past quarter that impact the overall number. We had a sales return adjustment that we've contended with as well as a couple of store consolidations, and certainly as you mentioned, the FX impact as well.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  And if we think about …sorry.
Tom Gallagher: Matt, excuse me for a minute. If you aggregate those three things that Paul just mentioned, that pretty much accounts for the delta between the 4.4% increase that we had and the 6% comp store.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Great. And then also on the automotive number, if your aggregate commercial business -- I believe you said it was up 6%, if I got that right -- and your same store sales number was up 6%, there were a number of initiatives -- you talked about major accounts running double digits, NAPA AutoCare ran high singles, if we solve for the residual, which I guess would be commercial outside of major accounts and NAPA AutoCare, there is some piece of it that must track below 6% for the math to work. So, can you talk about sort of is that just your undesignated commercial business or is there anything else happening in the business that might have been a bit weaker outside of those efforts?
Tom Gallagher: No. And you are right. The business set was not highlighted in Paul’s comments is running up, but it's running up low single digit, and it is the unaccounted for, it's the all other in our commercial business.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Fair enough. And then I promise the last. Just Carol, if you could talk about the impact of ForEx by segment, just whatever the revenue impact was for each segment? I know it was 50 bps overall, although I am not sure how that was distributed.
Tom Gallagher: Gives us a minute on that one.
Carol Yancey:  Yeah, I'll get back on that. So on the automotive, I think Paul already gave you that number. And the industrial, it was a negative 1%. And then really no impact on office or electrical to speak of. And then in total it was 0.5% in total.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with ISI Group.
Greg Melich - ISI Group:  I wanted to first ask about in automotive, if you could just help us understand a bit what’s driving the continued double-digit type strength in major accounts. Is there business wins that you've had with new customers or the existing customers just doing more business and you’re getting more wallet share? Can you help us understand the drivers there?
Paul Donahue:  It’s certainly a combination of both. Our teams are executing extremely well in the field, Mike, and you’ve got -- when you look at the major account business, and you mentioned, it’s continued growth with our existing plus some wins along the way. And when you combined them both and then you combined it with the strong execution in the field, our team continues to do a great job.
Greg Melich - ISI Group:  Great. Wanted to follow up with Carol actually on the other line item, which looks like now it could be 125 million to 130 million versus the prior guide I had 115 million to 117 million. So can you just help us understand I guess incrementally what the major changes are and anything to be aware of into the fourth quarter there?
Carol Yancey:  Yes. Just to be clear, so that other net line, which is including the interest and the intangible, we gave guidance of 90 million to 95 million for the full year. That’s been running at about 25 million each quarter and we’re at 74 million year-to-date. So, the things that are going in there, I mean you certainly have some increase in some of the costs that we’ve talked about for some time, so legal professional insurance, we have some of our corporate, be it shared services, it could be IT, payroll benefits, depreciation on corporate assets, it’s pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. We also have -- there would be some things that are sort of non-recurring or we have some unusual items, like we mentioned the $4 million retirement benefits adjustment that was unfavorable. So, we didn’t change it a whole lot, but we’re looking at more of a 90 million to 95 million for the full year.
Greg Melich - ISI Group:  And then two last follow-ups, one was on the cash flow guidance, which by my math appear to be about 50 million lower than last quarter, so just hoping to understand the puts and takes there. And lastly was on sort of incremental margins, because you guys ended up putting up certainly stronger growth than I had looked for at least for this quarter, but yet the margins were kind of flattish in total. So, help me if you could to understand some of the initiatives you have there to get EBIT margins expanding at the total company level.
Carol Yancey: Okay. Well I’ll take the cash flow one. So you’re right, we did probably tweak that a little bit. I would tell you we’ve had two outstanding cash flow years the last two years. We feel really good about cash from operations at around 900 million. But we didn’t have quite -- I mean we feel good about the numbers, we feel like there is improvement going ahead, but we just felt like it was time to firm that up just a bit. I would say the change was really in the working capital area, kind of a combination of AR and AP. The folks are doing a really good job in inventory. But I think I could say we felt like it was time to kind of firm that up a bit. And I think on your margin question, again I would just point to where we kind of are on a year-to-date basis. And I think where we can maintain our SG&A improvement between now and end of the year, I think you’re going to see the segment margins that we have year-to-date that would basically continue for the end of the year.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities:  My first question is on the auto group. Can you give us a sense of the cadence of comps for the U.S. company owned stores throughout the quarter?
Paul Donahue:  Yes. We talked about this in the last call, Seth. And if you think back, that was in July and we mentioned that early July we saw some softer numbers coming out. That's started to strengthen in the second half of the month. And our numbers firmed up as the quarter progressed, so we’re I’d say pleased with the way the quarter came about.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities: And then remind us looking forward here for October, November, December, how the cadence of the comps compares for Q4?
Paul Donahue:  Maybe I’m not sure -- I apologize.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities: Just the comparisons for the next -- for the months of Q4.
Tom Gallagher:  We don’t give out monthly guidance.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities: I guess, Tom, another way to ask the question is, how much strong was December relative to October last year, because that’s when the cold weather started?
Tom Gallagher:  Well December was, if I recall -- I don’t have it right in front of me, Seth. But if I recall, that was the strongest month of the quarter because we were getting the benefit of some of that cold weather flow through.
Paul Donahue:  Yeah. And I would also just mention, Seth, last year Q4 was when we really saw our business start to come on strong. And so our total Q4 last year, we’re plus 7% same store sales.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities:  Okay. Then secondly, maybe Carol you can give us some more color around AR. You talked about it being a focal point. Can you give us a sense of where the increases are coming from, which segments and what their natures are to bring that a little bit more under control?
Carol Yancey:  Well I would tell you on the AR, it's really across all of the businesses. And I think we talked about where we had some of these larger accounts and associated with some of those larger accounts, they may have slightly different terms. So what we are able to do is get those same terms back through our vendors. But I think we also have some acquisitions that are also flowing into that and we are trying to integrate the acquisitions in. So the thing is with our accounts receivable the quality of it is outstanding. We have no concerns there. It's just making sure that we are getting all the AR in line to be slightly less than our sales increase and that’s what all of our internal teams are focused on.
Operator:  The next question comes from line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  Hey guys it's Scot Ciccarelli. Another auto question as well. How much of a difference did you see in geographies? You mentioned that the West was soft, but can you help us understand how soft that was? Number one. Number two. You did mention in drought conditions. Can you help us better understand I guess outside of wipers and such what else from a product standpoint really struggles under those kinds of conditions?
Tom Gallagher:  Scot, I will take the first half of that. In terms of the delta, we wouldn’t want to quantify that, but we would go back to what Paul said and that is that all of the geographic areas had positive growth for us in the quarter but, some are stronger than others with the West being on the bottom end of that. And in terms of the impact of the drought. You are right about something like wiper blades, but it goes a whole lot further than that when you think that California for instance is a big agricultural state and the impact that the drought has on the crops there, that impacts not only demand from the agricultural concerns, but it impacts the truckers who hold that product, that impacts the processors who process the product. So it has a pretty long tale in terms of how it can influence demand. A lot of the workers in the ag community may not have quite as much disposable income. It can affect a retail business. So it’s a significant factor.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  And Tom, specifically who are your primary competitors when it comes to stuff like the agricultural products or is it the right way to think about it, just the long tail that you mentioned and because of that it's just a cascading effect?
Tom Gallagher: I think the right way is the long tail. When we talk about the competition, it's all of the companies that you would know. We are all located in those respective markets. Now there will be some specialists as well. But for us, for the product that we are selling, the primary competitors would be our peer group and the companies that you are well aware of.
Operator:  Your question comes from the line of Mario Gabelli with Gabelli & Company
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company:  Yeah. I had to ask the question to you and Paul and Tom. Paul, when you sit down with Tom and he says to you his experience in Europe, what structurally does he remind you about that he had as a problem that you won't encounter in Southeast Asia, either political, rigidity of labor or just the notion of only traveling eights hours versus 24?
Tom Gallagher:  You know what, Mario, I think I better let him answer the question. I'm staying clear of that one.
Paul Donahue:  That one is up upward delegation right there, Mario. No, the structural -- it would be getting at it was my comment about the... 
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company: Yeah. Tom, it was about 35 years ago, wasn’t?
Tom Gallagher:  No. In terms of our business over there, it's performing really well. We will in fact expand it outside of those countries.
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company:  No. But what happened in Europe that says I don’t want to go back as a high player?
Tom Gallagher:  In Europe what we saw was we had our doubts about how long it would take for the common market on the the EU to actually come into being. And number two, how successful would it be over the long-term. We didn’t have any insights beyond anybody else’s, but I think current situation might suggest that we were asking appropriate questions back then. Back then you didn’t have the common currency that you have today, but you have got different languages, you have got different rules of law, you’ve got different methods of approaching the business. And our feeling at the time was that we would continue to be successful, but it was going to be a much tougher slog than what we were accustomed to. And keep in the mind also we had just acquired S. P. Richards and Motion Industries and we had been approached someone who wanted to buy our business and we felt we could repatriate the money and invest it in S. P. Richards and in Motion and do a better job for the shareholder and I think that that has proven to be the case for the most part.
Mario Gabelli - Gabelli & Company:  Well, the conclusion we agree with that's it's been a fantastic 35 years since you got out of Europe. Thank you very much.
Operator: I will now turn today's conference call back to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey:  We want to thank everybody for their participation on the call and we thank you for your interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to reporting out in February on our fourth quarter earnings. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. This will conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Donahue - President Carol Yancey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets Seth Basham – Wedbush Michael Montani - ISI Group Liang Feng - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning. My name is Holly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn today’s conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sid Jones - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts second quarter 2014 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sid. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President along with Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and I will each handle a portion of today’s call. And once we have concluded our individual remarks, we will look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our second quarter 2014 results and hopefully you have had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3.908 billion, which was up 6% over the prior year. Net income was $197.7 million, which was down 9% on a reported basis, but up 9% on a comparative basis, which I will comment on in a moment. Earnings per share were $1.28 this year compared to $1.39 last year and this represents an EPS decrease of 8% on a reported basis, but up 9% on a comparative basis. As a reminder, last year’s net income and earnings per share numbers were favorably impacted by the one-time positive adjustments that are attributable to the purchase accounting treatments on our Australian acquisition that was completed in the second quarter of 2013. Carol will cover this in more detail during her comments, but in looking at the results from pure operating standpoint, with sales up 6% and both net income and earnings per share up 9% on a comparative basis, we feel that the GPC team operated pretty well in the quarter. Looking at the sales results by segment, our automotive operations were up 5% in the quarter. Considering the fact that currency exchange had a negative impact of almost 2%, which indicates an underlying growth rate of 7%, we feel that this is reflective of the good sales job being done by the automotive team and Paul will cover more of the automotive details and highlights during his comments. Our industrial operations also had a solid quarter, posting a 7% increase. Acquisitions contributed a little over 3% to the increase, while currency exchange had a negative impact of just under 1%. Netting all of this out means that our underlying industrial business was up a bit over 4% in the quarter, which is right where we expected them to be and it continues a trend of gradual revenue improvement for our industrial operations over the past few quarters. In looking at our sales results by customer category, 9 of our top 10 customer segments were positive in the quarter and 7 of the 10 had increases of 5% or more, which we feel shows good balance in the results and is a bit encouraging. Automotive, iron and steel, coal aggregate and cement, lumber and wood products were among our top performing sectors perhaps indicative of a gradually improving overall economy. And at this point, we are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for our industrial business over the second half of the year. Our electrical segment had another strong quarter, with sales up 32%. Acquisitions completed over the past six months basically accounted for all of this increase and we are pleased with the contributions and progress being made in both the wire and cable and fabrication sides of the business. We continue to struggle in the electrical/electronic side of the business however. Sales into the original equipment manufacturing side of the electrical business have not recovered yet as they have for the industrial segment. And sales for the electronics side of the business are being impacted by non-recurring sales to electronic contract manufacturers in 2013. Fortunately, our EIS team feels good about our continued progress in the second half for the wire and cable and fabrication businesses. And based upon what they currently see they are anticipating a modest recovery for the electrical, electronic business in the months ahead. Turning to the office products segment, we are pleased to report a 4% increase. This is their best quarter in sometime and while the GCN acquisition that was completed earlier in the year accounted for about one half of the increase, we were encouraged by the fact that both the independent reseller segment and the mega channel each had positive growth in the quarter. While the mega results have been positive in five of the past six quarters, this is the first time that the independent channel has shown positive growth over that same timeframe. And we are hopeful that this is a turning point for this important segment of our office products business. On the product side we had increases in the quarter in the cleaning and break room furniture and core office supplies categories and a modest decrease in the technology category. And we are a bit encouraged by the fact that all four categories had second quarter results that were stronger when compared to the first quarter results, so a bit of sequential improvement which hopefully we can sustain in the quarters ahead. Before closing on office products, we do want to mention that we completed the acquisition of Impact Products on July 1. Impact is a distributor of safety and facility services products and they will add approximately $85 million in revenue on an annual basis. Additionally, the Impact acquisition complements the GCN acquisition mentioned earlier. And it enables S. P. Richards to further diversify its product offering as well as its customer base which is an important part of our long-term strategy for the office products segment. And we are pleased to have the Impact Products team now part of the GPC family. So that will conclude our comments on the non-automotive businesses. And I will ask Paul to cover the automotive segment. Paul?
Paul Donahue - President: Thank you, Tom. Good morning everyone and welcome to our conference call. I am pleased to join you today and have an opportunity to provide you an update on the second quarter performance of our automotive business. Just as a reminder, we mentioned in last quarter’s conference call that on April 1, we annualized our acquisition of GPC Asia-Pacific and you will see that reflected in our Q2 numbers and on a go forward basis. As Tom mentioned in his opening remarks our automotive business grew top line revenues by 5% in the second quarter. To further explain our growth, our core automotive business grew 7% with a 2% offset due to currency exchange. I would like to take this opportunity to walk you through our automotive numbers and provide you an overview of our second quarter performance. As we look back on this past quarter’s results you will see – you will note our numbers are fairly consistent with both our fourth quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014. Our teams continue to execute well in the field and coupled with solid industry fundamentals enabled us to report another good quarter with underlying growth at plus 7%. When evaluating our quarterly performance, we are encouraged to see that all regions of the U.S. are positively contributing to our sales growth. As has been the case the past couple of quarters, our divisions stretching from the Plains across the Great Lakes to the Northeast continue to lead the way for the company. In the second quarter we also saw strong sales growth in both the Southern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the country. An update on the automotive aftermarket wouldn’t be complete without a weather update. So after one of the coldest winters in a number of years, patches of extreme weather conditions continue to impact our business along with our good customers. The dry conditions in out West continue to plague the state of California as over one-third of the state is officially in a drought. This has a direct impact on the dairy and agricultural businesses and ultimately our customer base. On the opposite extreme the month of June was the wettest on record in the past 25 years. But despite these headwinds along with the shift in the Easter holiday, our team persevered and produced solid sales results across the U.S. Now turning to our U.S. company-owned store group, comparable same store sales growth in the second quarter came in at plus 7%. This 7% increase is on top of 5% same store sales growth in the second quarter of 2013 giving us a to two year stack of 12%. In addition, it continues a solid pattern of organic growth dating back to the fourth quarter of ‘13 when we generated a 7% same-store sales increase in the first quarter of ‘14 when we grew same-store sales 8%. Our sales growth in Q2 was driven by healthy 7% increase in our commercial and wholesale business. Diving deeper into our commercial results, our two big wholesale initiatives Major Accounts and NAPA AutoCare, once again delivered double-digit increases in the quarter. This marks four consecutive quarters of double-digit growth in the Major Account business. And turning to our 15,000 plus NAPA AutoCare centers, this group posted double-digit growth for the third straight quarter. Overall, we are pleased with the progress our team continues to make in both of these segments of our business. It’s also worth noting we posted strong results in our fleet business generating 6% growth in the second quarter. We are encouraged by these results as our team has now generated solid fleet numbers in back-to-back quarters. We can also report improving trends in our average wholesale ticket value with little or no inflation support and our average number of tickets increased in the quarter as well. Turning now to our retail business, this segment of our business grew 7% in the second quarter. We continue to be encouraged with our growth in our retail business. And if you recall, we increased this segment 9% in the first quarter. As we saw with our wholesale business both our average ticket value and our average number of tickets increased in the quarter. Our team has been working hard to drive our retail business and it’s great to see the improved results these past few quarters. Let’s take a look at the product categories driving our growth. Our heavy duty business continues to post strong results as this group generated double-digit growth in the quarter. We also saw high single-digit growth from core product category like brakes, chassis and our filter business. We would also mention that we continue to see good momentum in our electrical business driven by strong battery sales. I’d like to give a special plug to our electrical team as once again we are promoting in the month of July our battery starter and alternator products, with a portion of the proceeds being contributed to the Intrepid Fallen Hero Fund. Supporting our returning military veterans is something our NAPA team believes in very strongly and we are proud to announce that once again this year we will raise in excess of $1 million for this very worthy cause. So, in summary, we remain encouraged as our automotive operations report another quarter of strong results. We remain positive about the core fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket and the growth opportunities available to us in both the retail and commercial sectors. The industry fundamentals have not really changed quarter-over-quarter. The average age of vehicles on the road remains in excess of 11 years and deferred maintenance remains at historically high numbers. A couple of key metrics we continue to monitor closely are the price of gasoline and miles driven. While earlier in the quarter, we saw a spike in fuel prices, we have now leveled off and are essentially flat year-over-year. And in the all-important miles driven category, after posting negative numbers earlier in the year, we saw positive growth in both March and April. So, in closing, we are pleased with our second quarter results as well as the first half of 2014. We are proud of our management team and know they remain committed to driving profitable growth throughout 2014. And while we have much work ahead of us, including tougher comps in the second half of the year, we remain optimistic that the initiatives our team is focused on will continue to drive strong results. We would like to personally thank all of our associates both at NAPA North America and at GPC Asia-Pacific and Australia and New Zealand for their efforts in the second quarter. So that completes our overview of the automotive business. And at this time I will hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Paul. We will begin with the review of our second quarter and six month income statements and the segment information and we will also review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up and then we will open the call up to your questions. Our total revenues were record $3.9 billion for the second quarter an increase of 6% from last year, including the 5% underlying sales growth and a 2.5% contribution from acquisitions, and this was offset by the current headwind of slightly more than 1%. If we turn to our gross profit and SG&A, we want to remind everyone as the prior year one-time items that are impacting our comparisons. In the second quarter 2013, we reported a favorable purchase accounting adjustment associated with the April 1, 2013 acquisition of the remaining 70% interest in GPC Asia-Pacific. To that end, we are required to revalue the company’s initial 30% investment and this re-measurement met a certain one-time purchase accounting cost amounted to a free tax income adjustment of approximately $36 million. And when combined with a lower tax rate, this favorably impacted our earnings per share by $0.22 in the second quarter of 2013. In accounting for the pre-tax adjustment, approximately $18 million was recorded in cost of goods sold and a $54 million gain net of expenses was recorded to selling, administrative and other expenses on our income statement. Additionally, the $36 million net adjustment is included in the other net line in the segment information provided in today’s press release. Any references we may make through our comparable results are intended to exclude the prior year impact of these one-time items. With all that said, our gross profit for the second quarter was 30.2% compared to 30.1% last year. For the six months, our gross margin of 30.1% compares to 29.5% reported last year. On a comparative basis, our second quarter gross margin is down 40 basis points from an adjusted 30.6 basis points in 2013. This is due mainly to customer and product mix shift across our businesses, but primarily in the automotive and office segments. We thought it would be good to add as well that the gross margin differential at GPC Asia-Pacific is no longer relevant in our quarterly comparisons as we have anniversaried that acquisition on April 1 as Paul mentioned earlier. Turning to the periods ahead, we certainly see room for improvement and we remain focused on seeking those opportunities to expand our margins over the longer term. For the balance of 2014, however, we continue to expect our margins to be in the 30% range. As an additional point of interest, we are seeing some slight inflation in our non-automotive businesses to-date, but we continue to see very little inflation in the automotive sector. And we don’t expect this to change much over the balance of the year. Our 2014 year-to-date pricing is 0.1% for automotive, 1.0% for industrial, 1.1% for office products and 0.4% for electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses were $869 million in the second quarter, which is 22.2% of sales compared to 21.5% reported last year. For the six months, our total SG&A expenses were $1.7 billion, which is 22.7% of sales compared to 21.7% for the same period in 2013. On a comparative basis, our second quarter SG&A expenses have improved as a percentage of sales decreasing 80 basis points to 22.2% of sales from the 23.0% in the second quarter last year. This improvement primarily reflects the expense leverage gained on our sales volume for the quarter as well as cost savings associated with the freeze of our pension plan that was effective January 1. We expect the pension freeze to continue to favorably impact the overall retirement related cost in the periods ahead and we continue to remain focused on effectively managing the cost in every area of our business. Through these initiatives, we expect to show continued progress on our SG&A line in the periods ahead. And now, let’s discuss the results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the second quarter was $2.1 billion and represents 54% of total sales and is up 5%. Our operating profit of $207 million is up 11%. So, their margin improved nicely up 50 basis points to 9.8% from 9.3% last year. For the six months, our automotive sales of $4 billion, also represent 53% of our total sales and is up 13%. Our operating profit of $357 million is up 16% and our margin is up 30 basis points to 8.9%. Our industrial sales were $1.2 billion in the second quarter, which is 31% of our revenues and up 7%. Operating profit of $94 million is up 7% and our operating margin of 7.9% is unchanged from the prior year. Our year-to-date industrial sales of $2.35 billion represent 31% of our revenues and are up 5%. Our operating profit of $178.5 million is up 6% and our margin of 7.6% is up 10 basis points from last year. Our office products revenues of $419 million in the quarter or 10% of our total revenues are up 4%. Our operating profit of $31 million is up 5%, so their margin was unchanged at 7.4%. For the six months, our office revenues are $837 million, representing 11% of the total and is up by 2%. Our operating profit of $65 million is up 3% and our margin is up 10 basis points from last year to 7.8%. The electrical/electronic group had sales in the quarter of $188 million, which is 5% of our revenue and up 31.5%. Our operating profit of $16.5 million is up 35% and their margin is 8.8%, which is up 30 basis points from the 8.5% last year. Year-to-date, our sales for this group were $368 million, which is 5% of our revenues and up 31%. Our operating profit of $32 million is up 41%. So, our margin is up significantly to $8.7 million from the $8.0 million, which is an increase of 70 basis points. So, our total operating profit was up 10% in the second quarter and our operating profit margin increased 30 basis points to $8.9 billion. This follows a 20 basis point margin improvement in the first quarter. And for the six months, our total operating margin is 8.4%, which is up 20 basis points from 2013. Especially encouraging is our overall growth is supported by year-to-date margin expansion in each of our four businesses. So, we are very pleased to report this level of progress and we remain focused on continued margin expansion in the periods ahead. We had net interest expense of $6.2 million in the second quarter, which is down from the $7.9 million last year. For the six months, interest expense is $12.4 million and we expect this cost to remain relatively steady over the balance of 2014. We currently estimate $24 million in net interest expense for the full year. Our total amortization expense of $8.5 million for the second quarter and it’s $17.4 million for the six months. Our year-to-date amortization is up from last year due to the acquisition activity across our four segments. We expect amortization expense to be in the $35 million to $37 million range for the year. The other line, which reflects corporate expense, was a $25 million expense for the second quarter. This is an increase from last year, but relatively consistent with the first quarter of 2014 corporate expense. In the second quarter last year, this line was a $14 million income item, which reflects the $36 million positive purchase accounting adjustment that we covered earlier. For the six months, this line shows an expense of $48 million, which is up from $36 million last year, excluding the accounting adjustment. This increase reflects higher expenses for a variety of items, including legal and professional, insurance and incentive-related costs. Currently, we expect this line to be in the $80 million to $90 million range for 2014. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 36.25% compared to 31.3% last year. For the six months, our 35.9% rate compares to 32.8% for the same period last year. The increase in our tax rates for both the second quarter and the six months relates primarily to last year’s favorable tax rate on the gain that was generated by the re-measurement of our Asia-Pac investment. Looking ahead, we expect our full year tax rate to be in the 36.0% to 36.3% range for 2014. As Tom mentioned, net income for the quarter was $198 million and EPS was $1.28 and on a comparative basis, both our net income and EPS increased by 9% from the second quarter in 2013. For the six months, our net income of $355 million is up 9% on a comparative basis and our EPS of $2.30 is up 10% on a comparative basis. So now, we will discuss a few key balance sheet items. Our cash at June 30 was $153 million, which is down from $197 million in June 2013 and also at December 31. We continue to use our cash to support the growth initiatives in each of our businesses and we remain comfortable with our cash position at June 30. Our accounts receivable of $1.9 billion at June 30 increased 8.5% from the same period in 2013, which is slightly higher than our 6% sales increase for the quarter. We remained focused on our goal of growing receivables at a rate less than the revenue growth. And we see room for improvement in this area in the periods ahead. We are also very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Inventory at quarter end was $3.0 billion, which is up approximately 1% from December 31 and up 7% from June 30 of last year. Before the impact of acquisitions, our inventory is basically unchanged from December 31 and up only 4% from last June. So our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels. We will remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward through the year. Our accounts payable balance at June 30 was $2.5 billion, up 21% from June 2013 due to the positive impact of extended payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors as well as the impact of acquisitions. Our continued improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital and days in payables is encouraging and we expect this favorable trend to continue in the periods ahead. Our working capital of $2.0 billion at June 30 compares to $1.8 billion at June 30, 2013. Effectively managing accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable is a very high priority for our company. And our ongoing efforts with these key accounts have resulted in solid improvement in our working capital position and our cash flow. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at June 30, 2014. Our total debt of $806 million at June 30 is down from the $900 million at June 30 last year and represents approximately 19% of total capitalization. Our June 30 debt includes two $250 million term notes as well as another $306 million in borrowings under our multi-currency syndicated credit facility. We are comfortable with our capital structure at this time although we may choose to pay down some of our debt outstanding under the credit facility during the year depending on the investment opportunities that could arise. Thus far in 2014, our cash from operations is approximately $367 million and for the full year we currently expect cash from operations to be approximately $950 million. We expect free cash flow which deducts capital expenditures and dividends to be in the $450 million range. We are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flow and we remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for cash is the dividend, which we have paid every year since going public in 1948 and have now raised for 58 consecutive years, a record continues to distinguish Genuine Parts from other companies. Our annual dividend of $2.30 per share for 2014 represents a 7% increase from the $2.15 per share paid in 2013 and it’s approximately 52% of our 2013 earnings per share, which is well within our goal of 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our core businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment and capital expenditures was $21.5 million for the second quarter, and is $39.9 million for the six months. Although these expenditures are down from the second quarter and the six months in 2013, we currently expect our capital expenditures to pick up over the balance of the year. We currently look for CapEx spending to be in the range of $130 million to $140 million which compares to the $124 million last year. As usual, the vast majority of our investments will be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects primarily in technology. Our depreciation and amortization was $37 million in the second quarter, which is consistent with the prior year and at $74 million for the six months which is up from the $63 million in the prior year. This six month increase on this line reflects the impact of GPC Asia-Pacific as well as our more recent acquisitions and we currently expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $145 million to $155 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash for us and they are integral to the growth plans for the company. For the second quarter, we have added four acquisitions, including one in each of our four business segments and with estimated annual revenues totaling approximately $255 million. And as Tom mentioned earlier, we added our fifth acquisition for the year on July 1 with the addition of Impact Products to the office products group. We are encouraged by the growth opportunities we see for each of these acquisitions and will continue to seek new acquisitions across our businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth and generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, thus far in 2014, we have used our cash to purchase approximately 635,000 shares of our common stock under the company’s share repurchase program. Today, we have another 10 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. And while we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we expect to remain active in the program over the balance of the year. We continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So, that’s our financial update. And in closing, we want to thank all of our GPC associates for all that they do. It’s a team effort here and everyone’s hard work is truly appreciated. The company is well-positioned for continued growth over the balance of the year and beyond and we look forward to updating you on our future progress when we report again. I will now turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Paul and Carol. So, that’s a recap of our second quarter and first half results. And as we look back over the past two quarters, we feel that our folks have made good progress in a number of key areas. Our sales and earnings on a comparative basis at the mid-year point are at record levels and all four of our business segments are showing year-to-date operating margin improvements. On the balance sheet side, accounts receivable and inventory have been managed well and accounts payable continues to trend in the right direction. Cash from operations is solid and working capital efficiency has shown nice improvement. From an individual business perspective as we look back over the first six months of the year, we are encouraged by the steady and consistent performance in our automotive business on a comparative basis and we are encouraged as well by the sequential improvements in our non-automotive businesses. At the same time, we are a bit unclear as to where we are in the economic cycle. While most of the external indicators and indices are generally favorable for all of our businesses, we still hear and sense a degree of uncertainty and caution among many of our customer base and the strength of the economic recovery is a bit weaker than many had predicted. Additionally, we still have the variability of currency exchange which as we said earlier impacted us by over 1% both on the revenue and earnings side in the quarter and first half of the year. With all of that said, however, based upon our performance year-to-date and the solid initiatives that are underway across each of our businesses, we feel that a few modest upward adjustments in our revenue guidance are appropriate. At this point, we would leave industrial and electrical the same. Our prior guidance was plus 5 to plus 7 for industrial, which we would leave the same. Electrical was 25 to 30 and we’ll leave that the same. But in the automotive segment, we think we need to increase the prior guidance of plus 6 to plus 7 to current guidance of plus 7 to plus 8. In office products, our prior guidance was plus 3 to plus 4. And at this point, we would raise it to plus 6 to plus 7. And this increase for office products includes the contribution from the Impact Products acquisition in the second half of the year as well as the increased business that we will be getting from the new Office Depot agreement. The net result of all of this is that we would increase our overall GPC guidance from a prior 6% to 8% increase to a current 7% to 8% increase. And on the earning side, we feel that an upward adjustment is also appropriate. Our prior guidance called for earnings per share of being in the $4.49 to $4.59 range and at this point we would raise that to $4.54 to $4.60, which would give us an EPS increase of 3% to 5% on a reported basis and 8% to 10% on a comparative basis. So that will conclude our prepared comments. And at this point, we will turn the call back to Holly to take your questions. Holly?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question will come from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. This is Chandni Luthra on behalf of Matt Fassler. How are you?
Tom Gallagher: We are fine. We hope you are.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thank you. We just had a quick couple of questions. We wanted to check if there is any impact for you winning the consolidated Office Depot of snacks business now that particularly as the business shifts to you as the acquisition seasons?
Tom Gallagher: Well, what we have said in our prior call was that on an annualized basis this will yield about $100 million in annual revenue. The revenue is starting to shift currently. We have said prior that it would start to kick in on July 1 and it is in fact starting to flow through currently. And then there was a question in the prior call as to whether or not this would impact our gross margins and we said that it would have some impact on the gross but we will get some leverage off of the increased volume as well.
Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs: Alright. Perfect. Thank you. And my second question relates to your industrial margins, we wanted to basically understand is there potential for stronger recovery on industrial margins, particularly now that you are starting to see some revenue growth and as this growth continues to persist into the year?
Tom Gallagher: If in fact the growth continues in the high-single digit levels, yes we would think that there might be some opportunity for margin expansion.
Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs: Alright. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Tom Gallagher: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line at Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: Thanks. Good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning Chris.
Carol Yancey: Good morning Chris.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: A couple of questions on the updated guidance, so the increase in auto and office is that mainly and each one of those reflecting the year-to-date and then in the case of the office now you have this acquisition or are you inherently raising your outlook for the back half as well?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think it’s a combination. The first part of your comment I think is accurate. We have seen – we will see the impact in office products of the Impact Products acquisition as well as increased Office Depot business which will have a positive impact. In the case of automotive, we have seen some – we think pretty good performance from the automotive team. We think the external factors are generally positive and our expectation is that based upon where we ended the first half of the year that something in that 7% to 8% range is a reasonable expectation for us on the automotive side. I would just add one other thing, Chris. We were a little bit encouraged by a couple of things in office products. It may be too early to tell if it’s a trend. But I mentioned in my comments that we did see sequential improvement in all four of the major product categories. And then we also saw improved performance coming from our independent resellers which our team has been working on for quite some time and hopefully that’s the beginning of what maybe some sustainable positive growth coming from that important part of our business.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: Okay. So then just to clarify, it sounds like auto is sort of what we are seeing year-to-date passing out through to the revenue outlook for the year or whereas in the office there is the acquisition and some encouraging signs that’s taken your confidence up as to actual back half outlook?
Tom Gallagher: I think that’s accurate.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: Okay. I know your last year you mentioned June being a pretty wet month out there, are you normally hoping for very hot weather, so cars are breaking down or was that actually a drag to the auto performance in June?
Paul Donahue: Yes. Chris this is Paul, certainly a bit of a drag. What we had hoped for coming off that brutal winter we had in many parts of the country was to move right into the hot summer. And we have not seen that in most parts of the country and certainly June being as wet as it was, we did not see the kind of lift that we normally would have with some hotter temperatures across the country.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: But is – I guess is your – does that suggest that or how do you think that plays out than as you look out over this summer and then to the balance of the year I mean the lag impact from the weather, is your outlook anymore positive or negative as a result of June’s outcomes?
Tom Gallagher: I don’t think our attitude is anymore negative. If we get a hot stretch we get two weeks of unusually warm weather, yet in July or in August, we think that we will see some positive impact from that, but even absent that, I think that the performance that Paul had outlined both on the retail side and on the commercial side, Major Accounts, NAPA AutoCare, I think those results are really what give us a little more confidence in partly why we have raised our guidance.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: Understood, very clear. Thanks very much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thanks, Chris.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Hi, good morning Tom. Hi Carol. Hi, Paul, how are you?
Carol Yancey: Good morning, Brian.
Paul Donahue: Good, Brian.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: A question on just within auto, you’ve got a lot of changing dynamics regarding the competitive landscape, what are you seeing as far as maybe your ability to either gain some share this quarter or do you think that, that you are performing in line with your peers?
Paul Donahue: Well, Brian, this is Paul. We are the first ones out. So, we will hear our peer group here in the weeks ahead, but we are pleased with our quarter. It’s consistent with our first quarter and it’s consistent with the fourth quarter of last year. And we are very pleased with the cadence of the quarter, April was strong, May was strong, June as was referenced earlier was a bit softer, but the comps get tougher in the second half. And I think I referenced that in my comments. But we are pleased with where we find ourselves and with the initiatives that the guys are all working on it.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Any opportunities to – have you taken in any prior Carquest distributors into the NAPA family?
Tom Gallagher: We have taken some, Brian and hopefully we will take some more as time goes on.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: What do you think has been the biggest differentiator for you in having those crossovers take place?
Tom Gallagher: But I think those that have made the change have benefited from the comprehensiveness of the NAPA program. And I think they have been surprised by the strength of the NAPA program. And I think they are pretty outspoken in terms of what is done for them and their business. So, hopefully there will be a few more that will make their way to the NAPA system in the months ahead.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: And the other three businesses, if I am looking at the last eight months or so you guys have obviously been very acquisitive, what does that pipeline look like now for potential deals and just do you think you have another good 12-month, 24-month runway, where you can be this acquisitive?
Tom Gallagher: Well, in the acquisition side of it, you never know what the timing is going to be. And you have always got to have a number of discussions going on at any given time. So, I think the best way I could answer that is to say that we have multiple discussions that are occurring, but we will have to wait and see how many of them actually develop and come to fruition, but we are pleased with where we find ourselves in terms of the discussions and we are certainly proud of the team for what they have been able to get done over the past year or so.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: If you were to find something that would be the size of an Exego either in any of your four groups, would that side scare you at this point or would you be open to it?
Tom Gallagher: No, I don’t think we would be intimidated by the size. It really is a function of how accretive it could be to the shareholders at Genuine Parts Company. And if we can find any business that we acquire needs to be accretive to GPC. We don’t knowingly do any acquisitions that are dilutive. So, the size is not the most critical factor. It’s what we think the performance will be post-acquisition.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Alright. And just last one from me. Carol, I think I heard you say that you may look to pay down some debt with cash flow as the year progresses, if you are paying 3% on your debt and you get a 2.6% current return on given the dividend, why wouldn’t share repurchase, more aggressive share repurchase be the right use of capital there?
Carol Yancey: Well, Brian, we are not committing to anything. What we are doing is trying to keep some flexibility as we look at our balance sheet and our capital structure so and keeping that flexibility be it incremental share repurchases or an acquisition opportunity. So, we are just trying to balance. We haven’t totally committed on what we are going to do on the debt. We are just going to look to balance what our cash needs are and what makes the most sense for the shareholder.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Alright, thank you very much.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning Bret.
Carol Yancey: Good morning Bret.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Couple of quick questions and in your prepared remarks you had mentioned some gross margin pressure in the automotive from customer and product mix, could you give us a little bit more color, is that just a migration to national accounts or is there anything changing on the promotional environment on the products side?
Carol Yancey: I guess I will give a couple of comments and then Paul might comment as well. One of the things we are talking about is the product and customer mix across all of our businesses, but primarily not with automotive and office. So as Paul mentioned the key wholesale programs that we have and talking about some of those with the double-digit growth and those would be generally at a lower gross margin and then on the product mix we called out a couple of product categories that do come in at a little bit lower gross margin. But I would point out that we continue to have programs in gross margin, all of our businesses have key things going on, on the buy side and sales side to hopefully get those margins back up or at least flat. But the really nice thing is we have been able to do on the SG&A side so what you are getting is we saw that volume going through is we are able to leverage more on the expenses. So the teams and primarily auto have a done a terrific job on the SG&A line for us.
Paul Donahue: And Bert to the second part of your question there hasn’t been any fundamental change in promotional activity.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets:
 :
Paul Donahue: Well. We don’t breakout the Australian numbers, but we can tell you that they are performing in line with our expectations and they are performing in line with our overall automotive business.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then one last question on the accounts payable, it’s a pretty good number there. If we look at the business lines separately and clearly the auto vendors are more used to being asked for extended payables. I guess how much room is left if your – is auto getting close to 100% APed inventory and the other – other segments need to raise theirs or is there still room to extend payables on the automotive vendor side?
Tom Gallagher: I think we still have some room we have ahead of us on the automotive. And you are right in your comment that this is much more prevalent than the automotive business than it is in the other businesses that we are in. But I think there is still some opportunity for us in the non-automotive businesses. So I think in the quarters ahead you will continue to see some nice improvement.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: And with Exego’s payables been well levered as well or is there still would there be more room within the Exego?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think we will just leave that there is still room in the automotive side of the business and we feel good about our prospects honestly.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. Is there a target for APed inventories you have out there sort of on a two or three year basis company side?
Carol Yancey: We don’t have a stated target, I guess what we look at is our working capital and we have – we make sure that we have plans in place for all the categories for improvement each year, so no specific target.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Nice Brett.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Seth Basham – Wedbush: Good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning Seth.
Carol Yancey: Good morning Seth.
Seth Basham - Wedbush: The first question I have to you goes on some small cost items for clarification, it seems like you have bumped up the cost expectations for the other line as well as D&A, can you just give us some more color as to the drivers there?
Carol Yancey: Well, I think as we called out on the other lines, what we are seeing is some of the legal and professional, insurance and some of our incentives related costs. So that would primarily be what’s driving that line and some of it is in the technology area, we mentioned some of our technology improvements. So that’s primarily what’s driving that line. And then the other depreciation and amortization, was that your other one?
Seth Basham – Wedbush: Yes.
Carol Yancey: Yes, the depreciation and amortization that’s the combination of a function of the additional acquisitions and the amortization that flowed in. And then the incremental depreciation if we look what our increase in CapEx is going to be on the full year.
Seth Basham – Wedbush: Got it. Okay. Despite those bumps up, obviously you guys had great SG&A leverage you are expecting SG&A leverage going forward, was there anything different about this quarter relative to last in terms of the cost base and some of the moving pieces that drove the strong leverage?
Carol Yancey: I would just comment as we mentioned – that both Tom and Paul mentioned as you look from Q4 to Q1 and Q2 where we saw the sequential improvement especially in the non-automotive businesses or as you look at their core business improving over the last quarter or two, Q2 being the stronger one. What we are getting is additional leverage off the SG&A there.
Seth Basham - Wedbush: Got it. And within auto itself, did you have better SG&A leverage this quarter even with the same type of top line growth?
Carol Yancey: Well, we did. And I mentioned that earlier, automotive, again with that strong volume that’s pushing through, we are having some nice improvement on their SG&A as well.
Seth Basham - Wedbush: Got it. Okay. And then looking at Exego, can you give us anymore color on how you think you can grow that business going forward? Have you examined the growth opportunities? Do you have any color to share?
Tom Gallagher: We have examined it. And we think there were several opportunities there. I think that expanding the store count will help us as we go forward and that can either be organic growth or perhaps acquiring some smaller independent companies and then some product line extensions we think will help them in their growth strategy going forward. So, we are pretty optimistic about what can happen with that business.
Seth Basham - Wedbush: And that’s all within existing geographies?
Tom Gallagher: Well, that would be in existing geography. And then at the outset when we made the acquisition, we have said that our first priority would be to continue to build out and enhance market share in Australia, New Zealand and then medium term, we would be looking to use that company as a platform company to expand up into some Southeast Asian markets, which we still think could make some sense.
Seth Basham - Wedbush: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Michael Montani, ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tom Gallagher: Hey, Mike.
Carol Yancey: Hey, Mike.
Michael Montani - ISI Group: First one was for Carol, just wanted to understand how you guys are thinking about gross margins for the back half. I think from the last quarter’s call, it sounded like there was opportunity for slight upside to gross margins and now I am hearing kind of around 30. So, is there any initiatives maybe you have on track that could kind of take those margins up all else equal or is it really going to be a function of customer mix and product mix?
Carol Yancey: What – I think what we are saying is we are getting a little bit further down we are saying around 30%. I mean, we certainly as I mentioned all four of our businesses have committees and a lot of initiatives going on, where they are looking at a lot of things, but I think some of the things that are headwinds to us will remain and some of that as I talked about within automotive and their key large customers, but we have got initiatives working in all our areas. And I think I guess that will be helpful just to maintain those margins or not have the deterioration that we have had, but certainly we are combining that with our SG&A improvement and the idea would be that we maintain this 20 basis point improvement in operating margin that we have right now.
Michael Montani - ISI Group: Alright, okay. Thank you. And a follow-up for Paul if I could on the auto side, there has been so much made of kind of volatility in weather and you touched on it somewhat, but the way we have been thinking about it is maybe like a low double-digit increase in April could still be up low to mid single, can you provide any color in terms of either how you guys exited, what July looks like or really what the sequential moderation would have been there?
Paul Donahue: So, Mike, we came out of Q1 as you know very strong and that continued right through both April and May. We saw some deceleration in June. And while it was still a good month, we were certainly up against some stronger comps. And I would say that early in July, just a couple of weeks in, we are seeing some of those same, I don’t want to say softness, but it’s not at the run rate at April and May.
Michael Montani - ISI Group: Okay, that’s helpful. And I guess the last question I had was just on the mega versus independent splits, in the past you guys have provided some color there in terms of year-over-year growth, can you provide an update there perhaps Tom or just how should we think about the balance between those two?
Tom Gallagher: But the mega growth was mid single-digit and the independent growth was just a tick down from that. And as I said, it’s the first positive quarter that we have seen on the independent side in six quarters. So, we were pleased to see it and it’s the closest comparable performance we have seen between the two over that same time period.
Michael Montani - ISI Group: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Mike.
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And we do have time for one final question. Your final question for today will come from the line of Liang Feng with Morningstar.
Liang Feng - Morningstar: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning.
Carol Yancey: Good morning.
Liang Feng - Morningstar: Could you discuss in further detail the main drivers of your Major Accounts growth and whether your go to market strategy in this segment has changed a lot to help drive this double-digit performance?
Tom Gallagher: I will take a first step at it and Paul may jump in. The way the program is structured is that we have headquarters to headquarters contact. And we talk about what our capabilities might be and what our value proposition might be to a major account. If there is an interest on their part to expanding the relationship, some of the terms and conditions are negotiated at the headquarters level. But then the actual implementation is done at the store level, market by market. And our proposition to the major accounts hasn’t changed for a number of years. Perhaps our consistency, dependability, our level of execution in the field may be partly what’s driving that at the rates that we are growing today.
Paul Donahue: Yes. I would just add to that that we have got great relationships with our key partners on the major accounts side. So you are talking about the likes of AAA, and Firestone, and Goodyear tire kingdom. Our competitors are chasing that business as well. We have got a very focused effort. We have got a great team that works very hard to grow our market share inside of those major accounts. And our team has done a very good job as I think is evident in our recent numbers.
Liang Feng - Morningstar: Yes. This performance is particularly notable because several of your larger competitors have noted the desire to target major accounts more aggressively, have you noticed any changes within your competition from these larger competitors within this field?
Paul Donahue: No, I would just say that everyday the battle, right. Whether it’s major accounts or the business on the street, but we have not seen a major change in the levels of competition with our majors.
Liang Feng - Morningstar: Thank you.
Paul Donahue: You’re welcome.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today’s question-and-answer portion. I would like to turn the conference call back over to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We want to thank everybody for participating in today’s call. And we appreciate your interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. And we look forward to reporting back out at our third quarter release. Thank you.
Operator: And once again we like to thank you for your participation on today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sid Jones - VP, IR Tom Gallagher - Chairman & CEO Paul Donahue - President Carol Yancey - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Greg Melich - ISI Group Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Chris Horvers - JPMorgan John Ruvolo - Bank of America Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Keith Hughes - SunTrust Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets Mike Montani – ISI Group
Operator: Good morning, my name is Holly and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would like to turn the call over to Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Sidney Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company first quarter 2014 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We'll begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Sid, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President, and Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, are both on the call as well and each of us has a prepared remarks and once completed we'll look forward to answering any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our first quarter 2014 results and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3.625 billion which was up 13%. Net income was $157.5 million, which was up 9%, and earnings per share were $1.02 this year compared to $0.93 in the first quarter last year, and the EPS increase was 10%. We are pleased with our overall results in the first quarter and we feel that the GPC team is off to a solid start to 2014. The combined 13.3% sales increase was our strongest performance in a few quarters and certainly acquisitions helped boost the overall results, but we were pleased as well with our performance of the underlying businesses especially in light of the number weather related closures that we experienced across each of the businesses during the quarter and we are also pleased that our increase in sales on a per day basis improves sequentially in each of the businesses as we worked away through the quarter which is encouraging. In looking at the sales results by segment, our Electrical and Automotive operations had very strong quarters with Electrical being up 30% and Automotive up 23%. Industrial was plus 4% and Office Products was down 0.5%. Paul will cover the automotive details in a few minutes but first I will make a few comments about the non-automotive operations, starting with Motion Industries, our industrial distribution company. You recall that this segment had a challenging year in 2013 ending the year down 0.5%. We saw a bit of a pickup in the fourth quarter when we were up 3% and this was followed by their 4% increase in the first quarter, so a bit encouraging. Also encouraging is the fact that 9 of our top 10 customer segments are generating positive results for the first quarter with automotive and iron and steel categories leading the way along with customers and the lumber and wood products, and coal aggregate and cement product categories growing nicely as well. This latter two are important parts of our overall business and it's nice to see them showing solid growth, perhaps indicative of improvement in the housing and construction sectors. It's also interesting to note that after several quarters of decreases the original equipment manufacturing segment was up modestly in the quarter and hopefully a sign that demand from this important segment is starting to improve for us. Our general sense is that demand in the overall industrial segment is firming up a bit. Still a bit uneven across certain customer and product categories, and then talking with our customers we still hear a bit of cautiousness, but not as pronounced as it was six months ago. And importantly two important leading demand indicators for us, the industrial production and capacity utilization indexes, continue to be at historically health levels. As a result of all of these, we continue to anticipate a respectable year from our industrial operations. Moving on to EIS, our electrical electronic company, they had a terrific quarter with revenues increasing 30%. Certainly recently completed acquisitions were a big part of their increase, but we do see signs that the underlying conditions are improving somewhat. As with Motion, there is a bit of unevenness in the recovery, but encouraging signs all the same. This combined with the ongoing contributions that we will get from the recent acquisitions as well as the continuant firmness in the ISM Purchasing Managers Index, a key demand indicator for us; all of this will enable us to look forward to strong double digit for EIS over the remainder of the year. And finally a few comments on office products. Although down slightly for the quarter, we were a bit encouraged by a few of the trends that we saw develop in the first three months. Our business with the independent office products resellers was down 1% on the quarter, but this part of our business actually improved as the quarter progressed and was nicely positive in March, and somewhat similar comments on the mega segment of our business. This group was up mid-single digits in the quarter with March being the strongest month. On the product side, furniture was up mid-single digits while technology products, core office supplies and cleaning and break (inaudible) were each down a bit but encouragingly all four product category showed nice positive growth in the month of March, and it's been a while since we have seen all four of the major product category show positive results in the same month. Certainly the biggest news for office products segment is the reason announcement that S. P. Richards has been named the first call wholesaler for the combined Office Depot, OfficeMax business. We are honored and we were proud to have been selected and this enhanced relationship will add over $100 million in annual volume to S. P. Richards starting on the second half of the year. So an incremental $50 million or so over the second half and this will be a nice boost to the overall S. P. Richards sales results in 2014. So that's a quick overview of the non-automotive businesses, and at this point I will turn it over to Paul to go with the automotive segment. Paul?
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our conference call. I'm pleased to join you today and to have an opportunity to provide an update on the first quarter performance of our automotive business. As was mentioned in our previous conference calls, we now include in our automotive recap the results from GPC Asia-Pacific, which was consolidated into our results on April 1, 2013. As Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, our automotive business grew top line revenues by 23% in the first quarter. To further explain our growth, the numbers breakout as follows. Acquisitions, primarily GPC Asia-Pac, contributed 17% of the 23%, our core business grew 7%, and currency had a negative impact of 1 plus percent. I would like to take this opportunity to walk you through our North American numbers and provide an overview of our first quarter performance. As we reflect on this past quarter's results, it would be apparent the numbers are very similar to our fourth quarter performance. A combination of colder weather, solid industry fundamentals and a shift in the Easter holiday but most importantly improved execution in the field enabled us to report another good quarter. All of these factors played a part in our team generating a 7% top line increase. When evaluating our quarterly performance, we are encouraged to see that all regions of the U.S. are positively contributing to our sales growth. As was the case in the fourth quarter, the top performers in the first quarter were once again those that were most impacted by the colder winter temperatures. Our division stretching from the plains across the Great Lakes to the Northeast continued to lead the way for the company. In addition these colder temperatures provide a positive momentum for a number of our key product categories which I'll touch on later. But as Tom commented in his opening the extreme weather we encountered during the month of January and even into February and some southern states as well as up and down the eastern seaboard forced numerous store and customer closures and had a negative impact on our business. However, we continue to believe the overall benefits to the parts business as a result of these extreme cold temps outweigh any of the negatives. Now turning to our U.S. company-owned store group. Comparable same-store sales growth in the fourth quarter came in at plus 8%. This strong performance follows a 7% same store sales growth in Q4. Our sales growth in the first quarter was driven by a healthy 8% increase in our commercial and our wholesale business. Diving deeper into our commercial results, our non-fleet related business turned in another stronger quarter generating an 8% increase. For the second consecutive quarter, both our major account customers as well as our 15,000 plus NAPA AutoCare centers generated double-digit increases. We are pleased with the progress, our team continues to make in this all important segments of our commercial wholesale business. We also can report an increase in both our average wholesale ticket value and our average number of tickets for the quarter and we are encouraged by both of these trends. Wrapping up our discussion on the commercial segment, we generated strong results in our fleet business, generating 8% growth in the first quarter. And these are the best results out of this segment of our business in a number of quarters. Turning now to our retail business, we can report this important segment outpaced our wholesale business in the quarter by posting a 9% overall increase. It has been a number of years since we reported this significant of an increase from our retail business. As we saw with our wholesale business, both our average ticket value and our average number of tickets increased in the quarter. We are pleased with our team's efforts in our stores and the energy behind our many retail initiatives. Now, let's take a look at a few of the product categories driving our growth. Much like the fourth quarter, our NAPA batteries and battery related accessories continued to pose strong results. These categories grew mid-double-digits in the quarter. Not surprisingly, the cold winter temperatures throughout much of the country also drove double-digit increases in both our starter and our alternator business. Other big growth categories for us in the quarter were our wiper and our chemical business, as well as our chassis business. Key product category such as brakes, filters, belts and hoses all mid-single-digits in the quarter. As we head in the spring and with the arrival of warmer temperatures, we expect to see sales in these core product categories ramp up. So in summary, we remain encouraged that both our North American and our Australasian automotive operations report another quarter of improved results. We remained positive about the core fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket and the growth opportunities available to us in both the retail and the commercial sectors. We have a new ad agency in place, a new 18-year-old NASCAR driver named Chase Elliott who has posted back-to-back victories in recent weeks, and a new retail customer loyalty program that is currently being piloted in a select number of operations. To-date, we are pleased with the results. We plan to rollout additional locations later in the year. Many of the key aftermarket industry metrics remained positive. However, we are seeing a couple of trends that we will continue to monitor. Let us start first with the positive. The average age of vehicles on the road remains an excess of 11 years and deferred maintenance remained at historically high numbers. A couple of key metrics we will keep an eye on is the price of gasoline and miles driven. Fuel prices have steadily increased over the past 30 days and have seen an increase of $0.05 in just the last two weeks. And as for miles driven and after posting positive growth numbers of 2013, they have now trended down slightly for two consecutive months. Harsh winter conditions could be impacting these results and we would hope to see these numbers normalizing as we head into the summer months. So in closing, we are pleased with our first quarter results and encouraged by the strong start of the year. We are proud of our management team and know they remain committed to driving profitable growth throughout 2014. While we have much work ahead of us, we remain optimistic that the initiatives we have put in the play are having positive impacts on our results. We like to personally thank all of our NAPA associates both in North America and GPC Asia-Pacific and Australia and New Zealand for their efforts in the first quarter. So that completes our overview of the automotive business. And at this time, I'll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with the review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will get started with the review of our first quarter income statement and the segment information, and then we will review a few key balance sheet items. Tom will come back up and wrap it up, and then we will open the call up to your questions. Total revenues were $3.6 billion for the first quarter, an increase of 13% from last year, consisting of a 10% contribution from acquisitions, 4% underlying growth, and this was offset by 1% headwind from currency. Gross profit for the first quarter was 29.9% of sales, up 110 basis points from the 28.8% last year. Primarily, the increase reflects the favorable impact of higher gross margin in our alteration business which owns 100% of its stores. Excluding the impact of GPC Asia-Pacific which we will annualize in the second quarter, our underlying gross margin was down slightly from last year's first quarter, and this was due mainly to customer and product mix shift across all of our businesses. We will continue to seek opportunities for margin expansion. And for the year, we would expect gross margin to be in the 30% range. As an additional point of interest, we are seeing some slight inflation in our non-automotive businesses today and not seeing that in the automotive sector, and we do not expect this change much over the balance of the year. Our pricing year-to-date through the first quarter is flat for automotive, 0.8% for industrial, 0.7% for office product and 0.8% for electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses were $841 million in the first quarter, representing 23.2% of sales. Our SG&A expenses as a percent of sales were up 130 basis points for the quarter. And much like the change in gross margin this primarily reflects the impact of higher SG&A cost and GPC Asia-Pacific again due to their 100% store model. Before GPC Asia-Pacific, our expenses are slightly improved from last year as a percent of sale and primarily reflect the cost savings associated with the freeze of our pension plan that was effective January 1, 2014. Although, these savings were partially offset by increases in other retirement related benefits, the pension freeze will continue to favorably impact our overall retirement related cost in the periods ahead. In addition, we continue to focus on effectively managing the cost in every area of our business. We're seeing progress in areas such as supply chain efficiency and labor productivity and we see room for further improvement in future period. The first quarter savings from our cost initiatives were offset by increases in items such as healthcare and incentive-based expenditures. And we remained challenged by the lack of leverage associated with only slight underlying sales growth in our non-automotive businesses. That said, in consideration of the GPC Asia-Pacific store model and ongoing savings associated with our cost initiatives and the expectation of the gradually improving sales environment in our non-automotive segments, we expect total SG&A to improve in the quarters ahead and to be approximately 23% of sales for the full year. Now, let's discuss the results by segment. Our automotive revenue for the first quarter was $1.9 billion and represents 52% of sales, and up 23%. The operating profit of $150 million is up 24%, so the margin improved 10 basis point to 7.9% from 7.8% last year. Our industrial sales were $1.14 billion in the first quarter, which is 32% of total revenue and up 3.7% from 2013. Our operating profit of $83 million is up 5.3% and the operating margin of 7.3% is up 10 basis points from the 7.2% in the prior year. We are pleased to see this improvement in Motion and continued top-line growth in this business will help this further. Our office products revenues were $418.1 million in the quarter or 11% of our total revenues and down just the 0.5%. Our operating profit of $33.9 million is up 2.3%, so their operating margin was up 20 basis points to 8.1% from the 7.9% last year. The Electrical/Electronic Group had sales in the first quarter of $180.3 million, which is 5% of total revenue and up 29.6%. Their operating profit at $15.5 million is up 48.6% and their margin shared a strong jump to 8.6% from the 7.5% in 2013. So our total operating profit was at 16% in the first quarter and our operating profit margin was up 20 basis points to 7.8. We're encouraged by this improvement and especially pleased that each of our businesses contributed to the overall increase. We are focused on consistently growing our margins in the periods ahead and expect to show 10 basis points to 20-basis point improvement for the full year. We had net interest expense of $6.2 million in the first quarter which is up from last year due to the incremental interest income earned in the first quarter of 203 that was in associated with our large cash balance held for that period. This cash was used to purchase GPC Asia-Pacific on April 1, 2013. And we expect interest expense over the next three quarters to be slightly favorable to the prior year and can be in the range of $22 million to $24 million for the full year. Our total amortization expense was $8.9 million for the first quarter which is up from 2013 due primarily to the GPC Asia-Pacific acquisition as well the industrial, electrical and office acquisitions that were completely more recently. Currently, we expect amortization expense to be in the $35 million to $37 million range for 2014. The other line which reflects corporate expense was $23.6 million expense for the quarter, which is up from the $14.3 million in the first quarter last year. This increase reflects higher expenses for a variety of items including insurance and incentive related costs. In addition, we had a more favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment in the first quarter last year. We expect this line to be in $75 million to $80 million expense range for 2014, which compares to $67 million in 2013 before the $33 million one-time gain on GPC Asia-Pacific acquisition that was reported in the second quarter of 2013. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 35.5% which compares to 35% last year. The lower Australian tax on GPC Asia-Pacific's pretax earnings continues to benefit our overall rate which is typically lower in the first quarter relative to our full year rate. Last year we had a more favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment which is non-taxable. We continue to expect our full year tax rate to be in 36% to 36.5% range for 2014. Net income for the quarter was $157.5 million and EPS was $1.02 compared to the $0.93 last year and up 10%. Now let's move on to the balance sheet. Our cash at March 31 was $103 million, which is down from the approximate $842 million in March of 2013 and $197 million at year-end. The decrease in cash related to the cash used in the first quarter of acquisition, a pension contribution and share repurchases. Additionally, our cash position was especially high at this time last year as about half that balance related to the cash we held for the April 1, 2013 acquisition of GPC Asia-Pacific. With these items in mind we are comfortable with our current cash position at March 31. Accounts receivable of $1.8 billion at March 31 increased 13% in the same period which is inline with our 13% sales increase for the quarter. We remain focused on our goal of growing receivables at a rate less than revenue growth in the periods ahead and we're very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at quarter end was $3.0 billion, which is up 1% from December 31 and up 16% from March 31 last year. Before the impact of acquisition, our inventory is down 1% from December 31 and up 1% from March of last year. So our team continues to do a very good job of managing our inventory level. We will remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward through the year. Our accounts payable balance at March 31 was $2.3 billion which is up 30% from March of the prior year due to the positive impact of our extended payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors as well as the impact of acquisition. Our continued improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital in days in payables is encouraging and we expect this trend to continue in the periods ahead. Our working capital $1.9 billion at March 31 compares to $2.3 billion at March 31, 2013. Effectively managing accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable is a high priority for our company and our ongoing effort with these key accounts have resulted in solid improvement in our working capital position and cash flow. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at March 31, 2014. Our total debt at $900 million at March 31 represents approximately 21% of total capitalization. It includes two $250 million term notes as well as another $400 million in borrowing under our multi-currency syndicated credit facility. We're comfortable with our capital structure at this time although we may choose to pay down some of our current debt outstanding under the syndicated credit facility during 2014 depending on the investment opportunities that could arise. In the first quarter, our cash from operations was approximately $60 million and for the full year we would expect cash from operations to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range, and we would expect free cash flow which deduct capital expenditures and dividends to be on the $500 million range. We are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for cash is the dividend which have paid every year since going public in 1948 and have now raised for 58 consecutive years, which is a record continues to distinguish genuine parts from other companies. Our annual dividend of $2.30 per share on 2014 represents a 7% increase from the $2.15 per share paid in 2013 and it's approximately 52% of our 2013 earnings per share, which is well within our goal of the 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash included the ongoing reinvestment and each of our core businesses, strategic acquisitions were appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment and capital expenditures was $18.4 million for the first quarter, which is up from the $12.9 million in 2013. We expect our capital expenditures to pick up over the balance of the year and look for CapEx spending to be on the range of $140 million to $150 million which compares to the $124 million last year. As usual, the vast majority of our investments look to be weighted towards productivity enhancing project primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization was $36.9 million for the quarter, which is consistent with the fourth quarter but up from the $26 million in the first quarter of last year. The increase on this line reflects the impact of Asia-Pacific as well as our more recent acquisitions and we would anticipate depreciation and amortization to be approximately $145 million to $155 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of catch for us and they are integral to the growth plan for the company. Thus for on 2014, we have had three acquisitions including one each for industrial, electrical and office businesses with estimated annual revenues totaling $235 million. These businesses as well those acquired over the last several periods are performing well and in line with our expectations and we are encouraged by the growth opportunities we see for each of them. We will continue to seek new acquisitions across all of our businesses to further enhance our prospect for future growth generally targeting those bolt on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, in the first quarter, we used our cash to purchase approximately 300,000 shares of our common stock under the company's share repurchase program. This follows 1.5 million shared purchased in 2013 and today we have another 10.4 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we expect to remain active in the program over the balance of the year as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with our dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So that is our financial update, and in closing we want to also thank our GPC associates for all they do. It's a team effort here and everyone's hard work is truly appreciated. The company is well-positioned for continued growth and we look forward to updating on our future progress when we report again. I will now turn it back over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carolyn and Paul for your updates. So that will wrap up our prepared comments and, in summary, we would say that we feel that we came to the quarter in pretty good shape and about where we had planned to be. As we look out over the reminder of the year, we continue to feel positive about our prospects in all four of our business segments. In automotive, we anniversaried the GPC Asia-Pacific acquisition as of the 1, April, which will moderate our overall automotive group growth rates over the reminder of the year. But we continue to feel good about the underlying fundamentals and the automotive aftermarket as Paul just covered and we feel good as well with results that we are seeing from our various initiatives. The one unknown for us right now is the strength of the headwind that we will encounter over the reminder of the year due to currency exchange. As mentioned earlier, it was over 1% in the first quarter. With all of that said however, we feel that we should raise the bottom end of our full year automotive guidance plus 5% to plus 6% and for now leave the top end to plus 7%. As mentioned during our comments, we're a bit encouraged by some of the signs that we are seeing in both the industrial and electrical markets and we would reaffirm the previously provided full year revenue guidance of 5% to 7% for industrial and 25% to 30% for electrical. And in office products now having the bit of clarity around the Office Depot business we need to raise the guidance from the previously provided plus 1 to plus 3 to plus 3 to plus 4. Putting all this together will give us a full year increase of 68% which is up from our previously provided 5% to 7%. On the earnings side, our prior expectation was to be in the range of $4.47 to $4.57 and at this point we would say that a range of $4.49 to $4.59 is probably more appropriate. Now although we don't provide quarterly guidance, as a point of information there will be a bit of choppiness on the quarterly basis due to some of the one-time purchase accounting adjustments related to the GPC Asia-Pacific acquisition in Quarters 2 and 3 last year. And as you are updating a model Sid will be available to talk with you on this. But we are comfortable with the current annual guidance of $4.49 to $4.59 that we just provided and we will look forward to refining this a bit further as the year progresses. With that said, we would like to address your questions and we'll turn the call back over to Holly. Holly?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question will come from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC: Paul went through I guess again as I get older here, but Paul went through a couple of the different growth rates on the auto side. Can you just re-summarize those quickly, and number one. Number two, you guys had some nice improvement on the payment terms, and the accounts payable to inventory. Is that coming from across the different segment or is that more a leverage toward auto where obviously some of your competitors have very capable APied inventory ratios? Thanks.
Carol Yancey: I would say that on the accounts payable that's primarily coming from auto and that would be the majority of what we have seen recently and what we expect to see, but I would also say all of our businesses have initiatives focused on it and it's something that all of our businesses are looking towards doing and have some improvement there. But I would say the majority of the increase is certainly coming from automotive.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC: Got you. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: And Scott, specifically what were you looking for me to repeat on the automotive numbers.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC: Well, I guess I think you had said both commercial and wholesale were up to 8% or is that --
Paul Donahue: That's correct, yeah. Commercial and wholesale were up 8%. Our same store sales were up 8% and our retail business was up 9%.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC: I got it. Okay. And then so we were looking 7% because of the currency?
Carol Yancey: Yes.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC: Where that's all organic?
Paul Donahue: Yeah.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC: I got it. Okay. Yep, that cleared up. All right. Thanks guys.
Paul Donahue: You are welcome.
Tom Gallagher: Scott, one of the thing I would just add is one of the things that we really find pleasing about the quarter in the automotive business is the consistency of the performance across all of the segments. I think our team did a terrific job of touching all the bases in this quarter.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC: Got you. Thanks, Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Greg Melich, ISI Group.
Greg Melich - ISI Group: Hi, thanks. Paul you mentioned March has had a nice improvement over the weather disruption in January and February. Could you help us give an idea of the magnitude and whether there was need to shift but impacted that and how April is looking to look more like March or more like the whole first quarter?
Tom Gallagher: I'll take that, Greg, and I will comment on all of the businesses. Automotive showed consistency throughout the quarter; we saw some pickup in March. And then if we look at the other three businesses, one of the things that was a bit encouraging is that in each of those businesses we actually saw sequential improvement as the quarter progressed. And those businesses were prone to be hurt by the impact of weather, but March was a good month for us in all four other businesses.
Greg Melich - ISI Group: And did April look more like March or like the first quarter?
Tom Gallagher: April looks more inline with March.
Greg Melich - ISI Group: Great. And then, second, could you give us some update on how the Australian business is doing organically? And if -- got lost a little bit in that seven number of it, anything in terms of traffic and comp trends there?
Tom Gallagher: As you know, we do not break out that business separately. I think we would just believe that we continue to be very pleased with the job that that team is doing and we think that has got a very bright future.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: My primary questions relates to auto supply and related two parter. The first just relates to how much of the wholesale business associated with a Depot Max deal that you did not previously -- did you think you will capture and I am particularly asking with regard to geographic coverage and do you feel like you have the coverage to get all of their markets? And the second question is related to that. As you think about the price that you may have paid to get that business, is there any margin pressure you would expect on the legacy business as result of whatever it is you took in that bid? Thank you so much.
Tom Gallagher: And I will try to answer that. In terms of how much of the business will we capture we've been named first call as you know. So that gives us the opportunity to fulfill all of their needs across the entire enterprise. And how much will we get, we are pretty optimistic that we are going to get a very high percentage of it. We do have the geographic coverage to support it. We have got the ability to handle all of that business and our intentions are to handle all of that business.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Great.
Tom Gallagher: And then, in terms of any pressures on the legacy business, we would not anticipate that. I think it may be important to point out that I don't believe that this was first and foremost a price decision on the part of Office Depot. I think price certainly was an element. But I think it is important to remember that we have had the Office Depot business for 20 years, and part of the reason I suspect that we might have got the nod is that we have done I think a pretty commendable job of handling that business from day one. So I think price is always a factor but the value add and the level of service and the level of support that you can provide is an important element as well, and I think we faired reasonably well in that over the past 20 years.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And then a very brief follow-up. We can handle this after the call, if you like. But to the extent that you spoke about purchase accounting dynamics for the second and third quarter last year, would there be any adjustments to the current year's numbers or is it just simply a function of understanding the charges that you might have incurred a year ago?
Carol Yancey: We are not anticipating any purchase accounting adjustments to speak out for 2014. It was just a reminder, that we did have the large one time adjustment in the second quarter and then we had a smaller adjustment in Q3. So it's just a reminder about the choppiness due to the prior year numbers.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Aaron (inaudible) with Wolfe Research.
Unknown Analyst: Hi. This is actually Chris (inaudible) on for Aaron. Hoping to get your thoughts on -- I was hoping to get your thoughts on increased vehicle complexity. The trend appears to be solely hurting DIY and favor DIFM. But wondering if the increase complexity tick with high grade (inaudible) and even the aluminum F-150, if there comes a point where like the smaller bay and the three bay garage as they are no longer able to handle the work, and how should we think that this relates to NAPA?
Tom Gallagher: Well I would try to take it. Paul may have something to add. I would say one, you are right that the vehicles are going to become more complex and they are going to require a higher level of training and sophistication to do the repair work in the years ahead. On the NAPA side, we have been anticipating this for several years now and we have got training programs for all of our commercial customers that if followed will enable them to do these repairs going forward. The other thing to keep in mind is that the aftermarket is a very, very large industry and you have got 251 million vehicles on the road today. And this new technology that comes in, it comes in on a gradual or evolutionary basis, not a revolutionary basis. So there is a multiyear opportunity for us to be prepared not only from the technical training point of view, but also from the supply chain point of view to handle demands of the vehicle in the future. So we actually see it is an opportunity. To your point, I do think that those on the repair side that for whatever reason are going to avail themselves of the training or aren't a position to buy some of the new diagnostic equipment and tools that will be needed they are going to be threatened. But at the same time, we think that good customers like our major account customers, our NAPA AutoCare customers, this is an opportunity for them to perhaps gather up some share as we evolve through the transition we are going to be going through.
Paul Donahue:
 :
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Chris Horvers, JPMorgan.
Chris Horvers - JPMorgan: So I wanted to try to parse out a little bit more on some of the March, April commentary. We talked about an Easter shift. Is it possible to look at what average daily volume growth was like in the DIY in the commercial side of the order parts business, to try to figure out what the underlying trend is?
Tom Gallagher: It is a hard number to come up with, but it will be -- we would suggest it would be less than 0.5%.
Chris Horvers - JPMorgan: I got you. In terms of the impact. I understand. In that DIY number was just I mean through the roof, is there any reason to think that first the Easter shift had more of an impact of that side of the business? And can you dig into some of the category performance in DIY where that acceleration was made. As I think, then DIY would say well wiper, it's cold, it's smelly as batteries, as wipers and that really surge of demand in DIY should have already past, that actually seems like it showed up later. So can you just talk about the category that show the acceleration and how you think about the performance in DIY and commercial, both took you and then as you get into the balance of the year?
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Chris, this is Paul. Just to -- let me take the retail piece first. And I think I would start by telling you that, overall our team is performing at a higher level, executing at a higher level. We have done a lot of work in our stores. We reset our stores, re-merchandized and extended hours, better signage, better associate care on the floor for our customers and dedicated care on the floor. So I think all of that has a positive impact on our retail business. And we really saw that trend throughout the past year. You couple that with the harsh winter weather and that harsh winter weather that really drove we think some real emergency type repairs. An emergency type repairs, you got stuff breaking down right, so you got batteries that need to be replaced, wipers that need to be replaced, wipers that need to be bought, chemicals that need to be bought. We saw positive growth in every one of those categories throughout the quarter. So I would say really it's a combination. I think, one, our execution is better and then I think the harsh winter weather grow folks into our stores to get some emergency repairs done quickly.
Chris Horvers - JPMorgan: You would think in, I mean, Tom's comment that April looks more like March in auto, you would think that people aren’t repairing, changing their batteries out, because it's warmer and the cars were starting. So I guess it's the demand starting to spread to more of the repair and maintenance categories that aren't more emergency in nature?
Tom Gallagher: I think that's a fair assumption. And my comment about April was not just for automotive. That was also for other businesses as well.
Chris Horvers - JPMorgan: Understood. And then that's a good segue. So on the industrial business it did, it seem like the organic growth came in the little lighter than you were originally anticipating. So did actually the weather end up having more of an impact on that business in the middle part of the quarter that you expected is what you have seen in March and April, more in line with how you originally thinking about the year.
Tom Gallagher: Well we did have an improved quarter organic growth wise. We did have an improved quarter around for the addition of some acquisition volume as well, but we did see some improvement organically and we also had the impact negative impact of the currency exchange in the quarter which was just over 1% in the industrial business. To the second part of your question. Our non-automotive business are hurt by the kind of whether that we experienced in the first quarter, because its business closures and we don't experience increased demand because of cold temperatures. We do get the benefit of increased demand on automotive offset by whatever number stores and customer locations that are closed, but it was a headwind in the quarter the weather was and that's behind us now. So we have got a degree of optimism for the reminder of the year.
Chris Horvers - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just the final one on the margins. At what point an organic growth in the non-automotive businesses do you start to see vendor allowances picking the year to year and then similarly getting leverage on the SG&A side? Thanks.
Tom Gallagher: I will try to that and Carol can help, but I would say that we need approaching mid-single digit growth in those businesses. One of the offsets potentially to any volume instead a program is a fact that our team is doing a better job ever increasing better job on our inventory management. So I think Carol covered the inventory numbers overall but we are doing a better job and each of the business is on a continuing basis. So we run the businesses, we don't use the balance sheet to prop up the income statement. So if we can generate mid-single digit growth in any of these businesses and at the same time through better visibility and better technology hold inventories even that's what we are going to do; we are not going to push the inventories in order to try to qualify for any additional rebase that might be earned.
Carol Yancey: And I think just one of the things on the volume incentives, there was not really an impact on the quarter. Our volume incentives were basically flat compared to the prior quarter and we're modeling flat this year for 2014. So I think there are some other things that should come into play with our gross margin initiatives that we should get the improvement from those areas rather than just the sheer volume incentive.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Ruvolo, Bank of America.
John Ruvolo - Bank of America: First question would be to you, Carol. If we think about the auto business if we think about the year-over-year incremental margins, they have been in the low kind of 8% range over the past few quarters. I guess the question is this a reasonable one way to think about or other additional levers now that can be pulled given an Exebel would be fully integrated and so forth?
Carol Yancey: Well traditionally, and we try not to base everything on this first quarter. So first quarter tend to be a low margin business especially on the automotive side, and we do have a better seasonality certainly with Asia-Pacific and what our first quarter is their winter, if you will, but we have the seasonality so on a full year basis we would point you more to looking at the full year margin numbers and so that's what we would expect to be on a full year. And we also looking for a 10 to 20 basis point improvement on a full year basis.
John Ruvolo - Bank of America: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe more of just a strategic question here thinking about the office products business and you guys currently have eight proprietary brands there which it would appear that there would be at least some degree of costs that's associated but supporting those trend. Is there any business rational potentially should consolidating the brand and going to the market with maybe a more consolidated portfolio, if you will?
Tom Gallagher: I don't think that's part of our thought process currently. I think what we are comfortable with the way we are managing the product portfolio today.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: A couple of questions here. With auto being at 8%, how much do you think a piece of that came from market share gain and how much do you think may have come from what will be the advance General Parts conglomerate when that's all integrated?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, Brian, this is Paul. A couple of things. One, it's kind of difficult to tell at this point but I would tell you that as far as your question on the Advance CARQUEST acquisition though. It's pretty early we are encouraged by the things that we are seeing happening in the fields but it's very early. And I can tell you that for the first quarter there was really no material impact on our numbers in the first quarter as a result of those two businesses coming together.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Okay. And just Motion Dynamics staying fairly stable so far.
Paul Donahue: Absolutely, you are talking about in the marketplace, Brian?
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Yeah.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so for everybody is -- it seems to be pretty rational out there. We are certainly as Carol pointed out in her comments we are not getting any help from price increases, but it's rational.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: As this year progresses and let's say things begin to get any better do you foresee a mix shift back towards the best and better products, Paul, or is that just something that you think it's going to be a major part of the marketplace going forward?
Paul Donahue: Well it's hard to tell. Brian, we do have a good, better, best offering of products for sure on the marketplace. We promote all three, we push all three, we have seen bit more of a flight to value on recent years and I don't know that that's going to change to any effect going forward in '14.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: All right. Thank you. On just one of your comments you said you guys made -- pay down some debt as the year goes on. Given how cheap your borrowing or why would that be the best use of cash as you guys look at how to allocate capital?
Carol Yancey: Right now, what we were saying is we are at 900 right now and we may; it's really going to depend on what opportunities may present themselves between now and the end of the year and certainly that could come in the form of the acquisitions or share repurchases. And honestly, we have to look at how our cash is going to be and our cash flow coming in. So it's really a balancing we made the level similar to last year. We were saying we may take it down a bit from the $900 million that it is first quarter. But we haven't rule out anything, because it's really we are going to look at it as things present themselves between now and the end of the year.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Seth Basham, Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Good morning. So I have a couple questions. First, if you could give us a better sense of what underlying gross margins were year-over-year for the auto business when you strip out a specific business?
Carol Yancey: We do not break out the gross margins specifically to the segments. But what we would say is, that you took out the impact of Asia-Pacific for those quarter, our core gross margins were down about 10 basis points and that was really reflected in all of our businesses. And we said that was more of a customer and product mix and it is really representative of all of our businesses. And we would hope -- we have got some things in place and we hope to see that come back a bit between now and the end of the year. And we are kind of targeting at around 30% or just little bit better than that by the end of the year.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Okay. So full year gross margin guidance hasn't changed versus the prior guidance, right?
Carol Yancey: No, it hasn't.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Okay, great. And then, in terms of the auto business again, the gap between some of our strongest markets that you referenced, the weather affected markets in the north and north-east versus the least strong market, did that gap changed in this quarter relative to the last quarter?
Paul Donahue: Well, it get somewhat, Seth, and primarily, because some of our divisions and groups down in the south were impacted by the weather in the negative fashion, right. So we had some customer closure and store closures which certainly the folks of north deal with the weather a lot better than we did down here in the south.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: And does that imply that the northern markets actually accelerated in terms of trend in the fourth quarter or the first quarter versus the fourth?
Paul Donahue: Well the north divisions continue to as they were in the fourth quarter, Seth, continue to be strong operators for us absolutely, your assessment is correct.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Okay, great. And then, can you remind us last year what your same store sales was, the U.S. NAPA Business, adjusted for any selling day differences?
Paul Donahue: Hold on.
Tom Gallagher: Just give us a second.
Paul Donahue: Yeah.
Tom Gallagher: Hold that up.
Carol Yancey: For the first quarter?
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Yeah.
Carol Yancey: 5%.
Tom Gallagher: No, no.
Carol Yancey: That is not.
Tom Gallagher: First quarter 2013, our same store sales were just up modestly, basically flat.
Carol Yancey: It has…
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: On a same day basis?
Tom Gallagher: On a same day basis.
Paul Donahue: Yeah.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Okay. And then lastly, it relates to be office business, the incremental $100 million of sales you guys expect from the OEP win, should we expect that to come at similar margins to the segment average?
Tom Gallagher: No there will be, it will be a little bit lower than the overall average.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Keith Hughes, SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: My question has been answered. Thank you.
Carol Yancey: Thanks Keith.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Bret Jordan, BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: A quick question I guess is as you look at the accounts payable to inventory and you are pushing towards 80% and I imagine mostly that is on the back of the automotive side, where do you see that number getting to? Do you think you can get the motion and electrical suppliers to sort of drink the cool aid on extended terms or because most of it come from auto they might be hard to get it up from here?
Tom Gallagher: I don't think we plateau. So I think you will see a bit of improvement from here. As far as the first part of the question, this concept is not spread throughout the other businesses. So it's going to be more difficult and more time consuming to accomplish what we would like to accomplish in those businesses but I think we still have a little bit of headway yet in terms of bringing it up.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Would we think that your auto AP inventories in the 90s if your aggregate AP was in 79.
Tom Gallagher: We haven't worked that number.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then I get the question go back to market share unlocked you say has changed in the first quarter but as you picked up distributors from the CARQUEST transaction.
Tom Gallagher: We have had some positive results there, it's little early in the process, but there have been some movements, yes.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Talk about how many or (inaudible) where you to drive that or
Tom Gallagher: No, we wouldn't want to do that.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then one last question. I will give you one last one. As you talk about the strong categories I think you said the friction you were getting better into the second quarter. Is chassis or any other categories staying strong out of what with the venture of real seasonal demand spike as people do post winter repairs? I understand with batteries are hitting a much of amount of peak in Q1 but are there other peaks in the business that are driving Q2?
Paul Donahue: Yeah, Bret, you are right, we saw certainly Q1 was big growth and batteries as we saw in Q4. Our chassis has a good first quarter as well. We are expecting that business to continue strong into Q2, you look at some of the potholes up in the northern part of the country I think there is going to be an opportunity for chassis for sure. As we look at our core categories breaks and filters, for example, with people now as the weather warrants up people get the cars into the base that's the business that we are expecting to see a nice ramp up here in Q2 and Q3.
Operator: And your final question is a follow-up question from the line of Greg Melich with ISI Group.
Mike Montani – ISI Group: Yes, hey, guys. This is Mike Montani on for Greg. Just wanted to follow-up on the full year guidance. It seems like the revenues were increased by about $140 million, but then EPS by only about $0.02, which seems to imply about $5 million of net EBIT. Is there something that I am missing there, it seems like interest is up a little bit and may be other amortization line items as well to offset? Could you just help me to understand the flow through there?
Tom Gallagher: We will have to get back you on that, Mike.
Carol Yancey: We did not do in terms of the actual revenue and the EBIT. One thing we did do is raise the bottom end of the automotive guidance, so we brought that up in five to six. But I think there were some other changes, some other headwinds in there. And honestly, currency is playing in there a bit too. So did not necessarily come about the way you did.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn this conference call back over to management for closing remarks.
Carol Yancey: Well, we appreciate you attending our call today and we appreciate all the questions. And if we can be of further assistance, let us know. Otherwise, we look forward to reporting out after of second quarter numbers. Thank you for your support.
Operator: And once again, we'd like to thank you for dialing in for toady's Genuine Parts Company's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Gallagher - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Donahue - President Carol Yancey - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sidney Jones - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan Gregory Melich - ISI Group Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Anjali Voria - Wunderlich Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Bridget, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter and 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn the call over to Sid Jones, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Jones, you may begin your conference.
Sidney Jones: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts fourth quarter and 2013 conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2014. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. This morning we will begin with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Sid, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, the President of Genuine Parts Company along with Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and I will each handle a portion of today's call. And once we've completed our individual comments, we will look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Early this morning, we released our fourth quarter and year-end results and hopefully you have all had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3,518,000,000, which was up 13%. Net income was $150.5 million, which was down 6% on a reported basis but up 3% on a comparative basis taking into consideration the one time pension curtailment gain of $23.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Earnings per share were $0.97 this year versus $1.03 last year, which was down 6% on a reported basis but up 4% on a comparative basis. For the full year sales were $14.78 billion which was up 8%. Net income was $685 million, up 6%, and earnings per share were $4.40 this year versus $4.14 last year and that’s an EPS increase of 6%. Sales, net income and earnings per share each reached record levels for us in 2013 which we were pleased to see. And we are also pleased that our fourth quarter results in each of these areas helped us to slightly outperform the full year guidance that was provided at the end of the third quarter, indicating a bit stronger fourth quarter than we had originally anticipated. As we look at our segment results, we continue to see the automotive operations outperforming our non-automotive businesses by a pretty good margin. Paul will comment on automotive in a few minutes but just to help illustrate this point, automotive sales were up 18.5% for the year while the combined non-automotive operations were down 1.3% which shows quite a contrast in performance. And I will make a few comments about each of the non-automotive businesses starting with industrial. 2013 was a challenging year for Motion Industries right from the offset. First quarter sales were down 2% followed by 1% decrease in the second quarter and 2.5% decrease in Q3. We were a bit encouraged by the 3% increase in the final quarter however, and Motion ended the year down about one-half of 1%. If we look at the results by customer category, as a group those customers in the automotive, food products, pulp and paper and lumber and wood products segment, among others, each showed nice growth for the year. Our challenges were primarily in the equipment and machinery category largely a result of several heavy equipment manufacturers who experienced sluggish demand both in North America and in their export markets. And as a result, the equipment and machinery segment was down for the year. We are encouraged, however, by the fact that nine of our top ten customer categories had positive growth for the year and this combined with historically healthy industrial production and capacity utilization levels, as well as our recently completed industrial acquisition of CSI in Western Canada, all position us to look for a stronger performance from our industrial operations in 2014. Moving on to EIS, our electrical segment. It is very much a similar story to the industrial business, with decreases of 5%, 4% and 5% over the first three quarters of the year, followed by a positive fourth quarter of plus 6% aided by an acquisition completed at the end of October. And EIS ended the year down 2%. There were a number of factors that influenced the EIS results in 2013, including the impact of sequestration on the defense contractor customers and also the fairly significant decline in copper pricing. However, as we look forward, we are a bit more optimistic. Although copper pricing may continue to be a bit of headwind at least in the early part of 2014, business seems to be improving and a bit more stable for our defense contractor customers. Additionally, we ended 2014 with two consecutive quarters showing the ISM Purchasing Managers Index above 50, which is a stronger position than we found ourselves in going into 2013. And in addition, over the past few months, we have completed a couple of strategic bolt-on type acquisitions for EIS. And the combination of improving end-market conditions and the recent acquisitions put EIS in a position to deliver a much stronger performance in 2014. And the final of our non-automotive businesses is office products. After the positive results in the fourth quarter of 2012, we went into 2013 cautiously optimistic. However, we saw conditions soften again as we worked our way through the year and we were down 1% in the first quarter, down 3% in quarters 2 and 3, and down 4% in the final quarter and we ended the year down 3%. And looking at the office product results from the product category side, we had positive results for the year in cleaning and break room supplies as well in the furniture category. But then these increases were offset by decreases in the technology and core office supplies categories. On the customer side, the mega channel grew modestly for us for the year but our independent reseller segment was down as it had been through all four quarters of the year. So it was a difficult year for our office products team and of our four business segments this is the one that will be the most challenged in 2014 due to continued end-market sluggishness. With that said, however, we will still be looking for an improved year from office products in the year ahead. A combination of continued product and customer portfolio initiatives and the recently completed acquisition in the janitorial supply category should enable us to produce modest growth in the year ahead. So that’s a quick overview of the three non-automotive businesses and we will now ask Paul to give you an update on the automotive operations.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. It's good to be with you today and to have an opportunity to provide an update on the fourth quarter performance of our automotive business. As was mentioned in both our second and third quarter conference calls, we are now including in our automotive recap the results from GPC Asia Pacific, which was consolidated into our results on April 1. To kick off our automotive report, we can tell you that despite the challenging economic environment in this region, our Australasian business continued to perform as expected throughout both Australia and New Zealand and we are encouraged with the progress we have seen thus far. This group led by CEO, John Moller, has put plans in motion to have another solid year in 2014. As Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, our automotive business grew top line revenues by 25% in the fourth quarter. To further explain, the numbers breakout as follows. Acquisitions contributed 19% of the 25%, our core business grew 7%, and currency had a negative impact of 1%. Now let me take you through our North American numbers and provide an overview of our fourth quarter performance. As mentioned earlier, our team delivered a 7% sales increase in the quarter. When evaluating our performance, we are encouraged to see that all regions of the U.S. are positively contributing to our sales growth. The top performers in the quarter, not surprisingly, were those that were most impacted by the colder winter temperatures. So our division stretching from the plains across the Great Lakes to the Northeast, led the way for us in the fourth quarter. These colder temperatures provided positive momentum for a number of our key product categories as well. That said, the most recent extreme weather in some southern states as well as up and down the eastern seaboard has forced numerous store and customer closures and had a negative impact on our business. The net-net of all this extreme weather we believe will be a positive for automotive business in the long run. Now turning to our U.S. company-owned store group. Comparable same-store sales growth in the fourth quarter came in at plus 7%. This improved performance gives us three consecutive quarters of strong same store sales growth. As a reminder, after a slow start to 2013, our team posted a 5% increase in Q2 followed by a 4% increase in Q3. So we are delighted to report steady and consistent growth throughout the year. Our sales growth in Q4 was once again driven by a healthy 7% increase in our commercial and wholesale business. Diving deeper into our commercial results, our non-fleet related business turned in another stronger quarter generating a 9% increase. This segment was supported by double-digit sales growth among our major customers as well as double-digit growth from our 15,000 plus NAPA AutoCare centers. We are very pleased with the progress our team continues to make in this all important segment of our business. Our fleet business held steady at 5.7% growth, again a positive sign as head into the New Year. Our average wholesale ticket value increased low single-digits and our average number of tickets was up mid-single digit in this segment of our business for the second consecutive quarter. We are encouraged by both of these trends. The fourth quarter was also the strongest of the year for our retail business as our team generated a 3% increase. Both our average ticket value and our average number of tickets grew in the low to mid-single digit range. It is encouraging to see that the initiatives our team is focused on are beginning to drive improved results. From a product category standpoint, we continue to see improved sales in our electrical category, primarily driven by our NAPA battery business. Not surprisingly, the colder winter temperature throughout much of the country also drove increased in both our starter and alternator business. Our electrical business was a key contributor throughout 2013 and this group has gotten off to another impressive start in 2014. An additional positive product trend is our improved sales in our all important brake business. This is significant as we experienced slowing in this critical category in 2012 and into the first quarter of 2013. We began to see our business ramp up in Q2 and we have experienced double-digit increases in both Q3 and Q4. This improved performance confirms the initiatives we put into place have succeeded in getting our brake business back on track. So in summary, we are encouraged to see both our North American and Australasian automotive operations report another quarter of solid results. We remain positive about the core fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket and the growth opportunities available to us in both the retail and commercial sectors. Many of the key metrics remain positive. The average cost of fuel has declined in many regions of the country and this serves to drive the all important miles driven metric, which is trending up despite a very slight one-tenth of 1% decline in the month of November. The average age of vehicles on the road remains in excess of 11 years and deferred maintenance remains at historically numbers. All of these fundamentals are trending in the right direction and should continue to drive industry-wide growth in 2014 and beyond. So in closing, we are pleased with our fourth quarter results and encouraged by the sequential improvement we saw throughout 2013. We are very proud of our management team and know they remain committed to driving profitable growth in 2014. While we have much work ahead of us, we remain optimistic that the initiatives we have put into play are having a positive impact on our results. We would like to personally thank all of our associates, both at NAPA North America and at GPC Asia-Pac and Australia and New Zealand, for their efforts in the fourth quarter and throughout 2013. So that completes our overview of the automotive business, and at this time I'll hand the call over to Carol to get us started with a review of our financial results. Carol?
Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will get started with a review of our fourth quarter and full-year income statements and our segment information and then we will review a few key balance sheet items. Tom will come back and wrap it up and then we'll open the call up to your questions. As Tom mentioned, our total revenues were $3.5 billion for the fourth quarter, an increase of 13% from last year. And for the 12-months, total sales of $14.1 billion, up 8% from 2012 and another record sales level for Genuine Parts Company. Before the positive impacts of our fourth quarter acquisitions and the GPC Asia Pacific acquisition on April 1, 2013, our total revenues were up 4% in the fourth quarter and this was offset by 1% headwind from currency. For the year, total sales were up 1% before acquisitions, reflecting a 4% underlying sales increase for our automotive group, offset by 1% sales decrease for our non-automotive businesses. Our gross profit for the fourth quarter was 31.0% of sales, which is up 180 basis points from the 29.2% of sales last year. And for the 12-months, gross margin of 30% is up from the 29% for the same period last year or an increase of 100 basis points. Our improvement in gross margins for both the fourth quarter and the full year can be primarily attributed to the favorable impact of higher gross margins in our Australasian business which owns a hundred percent of its stores. Excluding the impact of GPC Asia Pacific, our underlying gross margin for the quarter and the year was up slightly despite the headwind of lower volume incentives in our non-automotive businesses, primarily industrial, during the year. In the second and third quarters of 2013, we recorded expenses of $18 million and $3 million respectively to cost of sales as purchase accounting adjustments for the write-up of inventory to fair value at GPC Asia Pacific. This write-up negatively impacted our full-year gross margin by approximately 15 basis points. So a good amount of activity impacting our gross margins in 2013, especially as it relates to GPC Asia Pacific and their hundred percent-owned store model. Looking ahead, we will continue to seek opportunities for further margin expansion and currently expect gross margin to improve slightly from the 30% achieved in 2013. As an additional point of interest, we continue to see very little inflation in our businesses. For 2013, our cumulative pricing was down negative 0.1% for automotive, up 1.1% for industrial, up 0.5% for office products, and up 1% for electrical.
Sidney Jones: Excuse us. We understand the line went out for a few minutes, so I am going to back Carol up to -- come at the beginning of your session, Caro. They couldn’t tell us exactly where we went out, but we got a notification the audio was dead. It may have been just for a few minutes. Operator, if you can tell us anything more specific, we will try to start at the appropriate spot.
Operator: It would probably be where she started, at the beginning of hers.
Sidney Jones: We apologize for the problems folks, but here we go.
Carol Yancey: Okay. We will start off with total revenues for the fourth quarter were $3.5 billion an increase of 13% from last year. For the 12 months, our total sales of $14.1 billion, were up 8% from 2012, another record sales level for Genuine Parts Company. Before the positive impacts of our fourth quarter acquisitions and the GPC Asia Pacific acquisition on April 1, 2013, total revenues were up 4% in the fourth quarter and this was offset by 1% headwind from currency. For the year, total sales were up 1% before acquisitions, reflecting a 4% underlying sales increase for our automotive group, offset by 1% sales decrease for our non-automotive businesses. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was 31.0% of sales, up 180 basis points from the 29.2% of sales last year. And for the 12-months, gross margin of 30% is up from the 29% for the same period last year or an increase of 100 basis points. Our improvement in gross margins for both the fourth quarter and the full year can be primarily attributed to the favorable impact of higher gross margins in our Australasian business which owns a hundred percent of its stores. Excluding the impact of GPC Asia Pacific, our underlying gross margin for the quarter and the year was up slightly despite the headwind of lower volume incentives in our non-automotive businesses, primarily industrial, during the year. In the second and third quarters of 2013, we recorded expenses of $18 million and $3 million respectively to cost of sales as purchase accounting adjustments for the write-up of inventory to fair value at GPC Asia Pacific. This write-up negatively impacted our full-year gross margin by approximately 15 basis points. So a good amount of activity impacting our gross margins in 2013, especially as it relates to GPC Asia Pacific and their hundred percent-owned store model. Looking ahead, we will continue to seek opportunities for further margin expansion and currently expect gross margin to improve slightly from the 30% achieved in the prior year. As an additional point of interest, we continue to see very little inflation in our businesses. For 2013, cumulative pricing was down negative 0.1% in automotive, up 1.1% in industrial, up 0.5% in office products and up 1% in electrical. Turning to SG&A. Total expenses were $856 million in the fourth quarter, representing 24.3% of sales. For the 12-months in 2013, total SG&A expenses are $3.2 billion or 22.6% of sales. SG&A as a percentage of sales are up 320 and 140 basis points for the quarter and the full year respectively. Much like the change in gross margins, this primarily reflects the impact of higher SG&A cost at GPC Asia-Pacific, again due to their hundred percent-owned store model. The decrease in leverage associated with the weak sales levels of our non-automotive businesses also served to negatively impact our operating cost in both the quarter and the year. In addition, certain year-end expense adjustments in areas such as legal and professional services, insurance and employee benefits were recorded in the fourth quarter, which slightly increased our expenses in the period. It's also important to point out in the fourth quarter of 2012, the company recorded a onetime non-cash curtailment gain of $23.5 million associated with our December 2012 decision to freeze our pension plan which was effective January 1, 2014. Our total year SG&A also includes the positive onetime pretax adjustment of $54 million net of expenses associated with the reevaluation of our original 30% investment in GPC Asia-Pacific that was acquired on April 1, 2013. Excluding both the 2012 and the 2013 onetime adjustments, SG&A as a percent of sales is 22.9% in 2013 compared to 21.4% in 2012. With the increase due mostly to GPC Asia Pacific but also reflecting a 30 to 40 basis point increase related to the loss of leverage in our non-automotive businesses, which we tend to improve on in 2014. Our focus remains on effective cost management in every areas of our business. A few notable cost control measures include ongoing investments in technology which has positively impacted our operating efficiencies in our distribution centers and stores, as well as supply chain initiatives in areas such as freight and logistics. Through these initiatives and in consideration of the GPC Asia Pacific store model for the full 12-months, we expect our SG&A for 2014 to be relatively consistent with the prior year. Now let's discuss the segment results. Automotive revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.92 billion and represents 54% of sales and is up 25%. Our operating profit of $154 million is up 26% and their margin held even the prior year at 8.0%. For the full year, automotive sales were $7.5 billion representing 53% of our revenue, and up 18.5%. Operating profit of $641.5 million is up 19% and so their 8.6% margin is the same as the prior year. Our industrial sales were $1.09 billion in the fourth quarter and this is 31% of total revenue and up 3% from the prior year. Our operating profit of $73.3 million is down 6% and our operating margin of 6.8% was down from the 7.4% in the prior year. For the 12-months, industrial sales were $4.43 billion which is 31% of total revenue and down 0.5%. Our operating profit of $321 million is down 9% and their margin of 7.2% is down 70 basis points from the 7.9% in 2012. Some margin decreases in industrial for both the quarter and the year are due to the loss of leverage on weak sales and a decrease in volume incentives with our suppliers. Some improved top line growth in 2014 will help these margins. Our office products revenues were $386 million in the quarter which is 11% of our total revenues and down 4.3%. Our operating profit of $31.4 million is down 13.6%, so their margin was down to 8.1% from 9.0% last year. For the year, office sales were $1.64 billion, representing 12% of total revenue and down 2.9%. Operating profit of $122.5 million is down 8.9% and their margin is 7.5% versus 8.0% last year or down 50 basis points. This is due primarily to the loss of leverage on their weak sale and also to a lesser degree, lower vendor allowances. The electrical/electronic group had sales in the quarter of $144 million, that’s 4% of our revenue and that was up 6.3% driven by acquisitions. Their operating profit of $12.3 million is down 1.4%, so their margin came down to 8.5% from 9.2%. For the year, electrical sales were $569 million representing 4% of revenue and down 2.4%. Operating profit of $47.6 million is down 6.5% and their margin was down 30 basis points from 8.7% to 8.4%. As with industrial and office, the decline in margin is primarily a function on the loss of leverage on their lower sales volume in 2013. The total operating profit was up approximately 9% in the quarter and operating profit margin of 7.7% was down 30 basis points, which is a slight improvement from the 40-basis points year-over-year decrease in the third quarter. For the full year, our total operating profit is up 5% and our margin of 8.0% is down 30 basis points from the 8.3% in 2012. The decline in our operating margins for the quarter and the year reflects the continued impact of our weak sales conditions in our non-automotive businesses. That said, the automotive business has held their margin constant for a few periods now and we think we can improve on this by 10 to 20 basis points in the periods ahead. Thus far, the operating margin at GPC Asia Pacific remains comparable to the margin for the total automotive group as we expected. We have room for improvement in each of our core businesses and we remain committed to expanding our operating margin in the periods ahead through improved top line growth as well as our ongoing initiative. We had net interest expense of $6 million in the fourth quarter and for the year our interest expense is $24.3 million, which is up from 2012 due to the increase in our total debt. Based on our recently renewed term note, discussed in further details in a few minutes, as well as the possibility of reducing our current debt somewhat in 2014, we expect net interest expense to improve to approximately $20 million for the full year of 2014. Our total amortization expense was $8.5 million for the fourth quarter and is $29 million for the full year. This is up from 2012, due primarily to the Quaker City and GPC Asia Pacific acquisitions as well as the other industrial and electrical acquisitions that were completed in the fourth quarter. Currently, we expect amortization expense to be in the $35 million range for 2014. The other line which reflects corporate expense was a $21 million expense item in the fourth quarter and $35 million expense for the full year. The full year number includes the $33 million net benefit of the purchase accounting adjustments related to GPC Asia Pacific which were recorded in the second and third quarters of 2013. Likewise, the $23.5 million pension curtailment gain reported in the fourth quarter of 2012 is also included in this line for the prior year. With these items in mind, we project the corporate expense line to be in the $60 million to $70 million range again for 2014. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 36.2% compared to 36.4% last year. For the year, our 34.4% rate compares to the 36.4% for the same period last year, with the improved tax rate due to the favorable impact of lower Australian tax rate applied to GPC Asia Pacific pretax earnings, as well as a favorable tax rate on the purchase accounting gain generated by the re-measurement of our 30% investment. We expect our tax rate in 2014 to approximate 36% to 36.5%. Net income for the quarter was $150.5 million and EPS of $0.97 compared to $1.03 last year or down 6%. After considering the pension curtailment gain of $23.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 which impacted EPS by $0.10, EPS in the fourth quarter was up 4% on a comparative basis. For the full year, net income of $685 million and EPS of $4.40 are both up 6% from the prior year. Now, we'll discuss a few key balance sheet items. Our cash at December 31 was $197 million, which is down from the approximately $400 million at December 31, 2012. Strong cash flows from the increase in our earnings and our ongoing working capital initiatives were offset by the use of cash for acquisitions and other investing activities. With that said, we're still very satisfied with our current cash position at December 31. Our accounts receivable of $1.7 billion at December 31 increased 12% from 2012 on a 13% sales increase for the quarter. So we're pleased with this level of receivables and we remain focused on our growth goal of growing receivables at a rate less than the revenue growth in the periods ahead. We're also very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at the end of the year was $2.9 billion, which is up 13% from December 2012, primarily due to the GPC Asia Pacific and our other acquisitions in 2013. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, our inventory is up 1% from last year. So our team continued to do a very good job of managing our inventory levels. We remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move forward into 2014. Our accounts payable balance at December 31 was $2.3 billion or up 35% from December 31 last year, due to the positive impact of our extended payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors, as well as the impact of GPC Asia Pacific. Our improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital and days in payables is quite encouraging. We expect this trend to continue in the periods ahead. Our working capital of $2.0 billion at December 31 compares to $2.3 billion at December 31, 2012. Effectively managing accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable is a high priority for our company and our ongoing efforts in these key accounts have resulted in tremendous improvement in our working capital position and cash flow, and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition as of December 31, 2013. Our total debt of $765 million at December 31, 2013 includes two $250 million term notes as well as another $265 million in borrowings under our multi-currency syndicated credit facility agreement. This adds to a modest total capitalization ratio of approximately 18.5% at December 31, 2013. We're comfortable with our capital structure at this time and although we may choose to pay down some of our current debt under this syndicated credit facility during 2014, it's dependent on other investment opportunities that could arise. Additionally, since our last call, we have renewed our $250 million term note previously due November 30, 2013. This new 10-year note extends to 2023 at a 2.996% interest rate. This provides us more favorable terms and projected annual interest savings of approximately $4 million. As we stated earlier, we continue to generate solid cash flows and in 2013 our cash from operations was approximately $1.1 billion, and free cash flow which deducts capital expenditures and dividends was approximately $600 million, both representing new records for us. Looking ahead, we currently expect another strong year for cash flows in 2014 with cash from operations in the $900 million to $1 billion range. And at this level of cash from operations, we would expect free cash flow to be in the $500 million range for 2014. We're pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and we remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for the cash is the dividend which we've paid every year since going public in 1948, and we have now raised for 58 consecutive years effective with yesterday's board approval of a $2.30 per share annual dividend for 2014. This represents a 7% increase from the $2.15 per share paid in the prior year and it's approximately 52% of our 2013 earnings per share which is well within our goal of 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our four businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate, and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditure was $40 million for the fourth quarter, up from $30.4 million in the prior year. Our full year capital spending totals $124.1 million, which is an increase from the $102 million in the prior year. We expect our capital expenditures to further increase in 2014 and to be in the range of $140 million to $160 million, which accounts for a full year with GPC Asia Pacific as well as the anticipated expenditures for our North American businesses. The vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects primarily in the technology area. Our depreciation and amortization was $36 million in the quarter, up from the $25 million in the fourth quarter of the prior year. For the year, depreciation and amortization is $134 million compared to $98 million for the same period in 2012. The increase on this line reflects the impact of GPC Asia Pacific as well as amortization expense related to Asia Pacific and Quaker City. We currently anticipate depreciation and amortization to be approximately $145 million to $155 million for the full year in 2014. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash for us and are integral to our growth plans for the company. We continue to seek new acquisitions across our businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. Since we last reported to you, the company has closed on six acquisitions. In the fourth quarter, Motion added two industrial distribution companies to their operations and EIS added one acquisition which complements their fabrication capabilities. The combined annual revenues for these three acquisitions are approximately $125 million. Thus far in 2014, we've added another three acquisitions including one each in the industrial, electrical and office businesses. With the estimated revenues for these three acquisitions totaling approximately $235 million, we are pleased to have added these companies to our operations and we expect them to be accretive to our earnings in 2014. We will remain active in seeking new acquisitions for our businesses in 2014, generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, in 2013, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 1.5 million shares of our common stock under the company's share repurchase program. And we have another 10.7 million shares authorized and available for repurchase today. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we would expect to be active in the program again in 2014 as we believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. So, that is our financial update and in closing we want to thank all of our GPC associates for all that they do each and every day. Through their hard work we were able to set new records in several areas in 2013 and we're planning for another successful year in 2014. We look forward to updating you on our future progress when we report again. That concludes the financial review and I'll now turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and Paul, for those updates and thanks also to each of you and your respective teams for the fine job that you continue to do for Genuine Parts Company. So, that concludes our comments on 2013 and in looking back, it was an interesting year in many ways. And as you've heard, a year in which we had quite a contrast in results with automotive sales being up 18.5% and operating profit being up 19%, but non-automotive sales being down 1% and operating profit down 9%. Certainly, we'll be looking for a stronger performance from the non-automotive operations in 2014 and a bit more consistency in our results. But in looking back, there were a number of significant achievements by the GPC team in 2013. Sales, net profit and earnings per share each reached record levels. Cash from operations and free cash flow set new records as well. We continued to see nice improvement in our working capital and working capital efficiency as well as in our return on average assets and return on invested capital. And with the action taken yesterday by the GPC board, dividends have been increased for the 58th consecutive year. We're proud of the GPC team's achievements in each of these areas and we expect continued improvements in the year ahead. As we turn our attention to 2014, although there's still a degree of uncertainty about the strength of the recovery for a few of our businesses, we do think 2014 will be a solid year for GPC. At this time, we feel that reasonable revenue expectations for each of the segments would be, for automotive to be up 5% to 7%, industrial up 5% to 7%, office products up 1% to 3%, and electrical being up 25% to 30%. For the total GPC, that would give us an increase of 5% to 7%. And with revenue growth at this level, our guidance would be for earnings per share to be in the $4.47 to $4.57 range, which will be up 2% to 4% on a reported basis before the onetime purchase accounting gain in 2013 but up 7% to 9% on a comparative basis. And we would point out that our sales and EPS guidance accounts for approximately 1% anticipated headwind from currency. Additionally, it would be helpful to point out that our first quarter sales will be above the full year guidance, primarily due to the inclusion of three months worth of sales from GPC Asia Pacific that were not in last year's results, but the 5% to 7% full year range is a reasonable expectation. We will look forward to updating these numbers as the year progresses. And that will complete our prepared remarks and at this point we'd like to turn the call back over to Bridget for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Congratulations on your quarter. Two sets of questions. First of all, obviously, the weather is very topical for the automotive business and it's been a couple of years since we've had a cold winter. Can you talk about the way this tends to play out over the course of the year? I know that the impact can have some duration to it. And then I'll ask my second one as a follow-up.
Thomas Gallagher: All right, Matt, I'll try to answer that. And I would say that, obviously, the extreme temperatures tend to drive incremental growth in certain product categories like batteries and rotating electrical, I think as Paul referenced. So, we get a positive there. Part of the offset to that in the automotive business is with the number of, either our facilities that are closed or even our customers' places of business that are closed. So while we consider it to be a net positive, it's not as pronounced because of some of the loss of business due to the weather conditions. As far as it plays out going forward, historically when we have seen significant weather situations as we've experienced in January and February of this year, we would tend to think that we will see some improved demands as we get into the warmer months for some of the front-end and chassis type products which will tend to get a bit damaged. And then if we go a little deeper into the year, if we were to have a very hot summer in parts of the country, we would probably get the benefit from some increased demand on batteries or rotating electrical that will weaken but didn't fail in the winter months. I might also add that the impact on the other GPC businesses, the non-automotive businesses, is a net negative because not only did we have a number of our facilities that had been closed but we also have quite a number of our customers' facilities that were closed. So, I hope that answers your question.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: It does very thoroughly. Thank you. And then, my second question relates to the fact that you've seen consolidation in office products, in two of your businesses really. In office products from -- involving one of your customers, and then auto parts involving one of your competitors. I know that these are topics that are on the mind, I think, of a lot of investors. Any preliminary comments from you on what you've seen play out to date in those arenas and how you might expect them to play out to date as far as that consolidation impacts Genuine Parts?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'll try to answer that as well and we'd start on the office products side. We did see two of the three megas come together, as you know, and they're in the midst of bringing their two fine companies under one management team. It's much too early to have any feel for what the impact might be, but I know our teams are working very, very carefully and closely with the new entity and looking for whatever the opportunities might be that present themselves. On the automotive side, again, it's very, very early and perhaps a bit premature to offer any indication of what might happen. But we do think that as those two companies come together, we're confident they'll do a good job as they work their way through the combination and the integration. But our past experiences have been that when you put two organizations together, there's always a degree of spillage that happens despite the best of planning and the talent that is applied to the integration. So our expectation would be that, there may be a bit of spillage. We don't know how much and if there is, our folks are working hard to make sure that we're in a position to benefit from that.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Just as a final follow-up. Have you seen any franchisees on the CARQUEST side begin to drift away at this stage or is it too early to say?
Thomas Gallagher: I think it's too early to say on that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Question is more on the industrial side. As you go into the year, it seems to have turned a little bit here to the positive. I guess, what are you hearing from customers? Is the first quarter weather going to impact them or is this one more about, just kind of Industrial production we're going to see in 2014?
Thomas Gallagher: I think, Keith, clearly, those areas that had experienced significant weather situations that we've seen in January and February, they're going to be impacted if their facilities were shut down and they weren't running their equipment and weren't producing product. So we are going to see a bit of headwind from that. In terms of what we're hearing from customers in a more general sense is still a degree of caution, but a slight bit more optimism because of what we saw in the further strengthening of industrial production and capacity utilization and, frankly, as well as the ISM. If you look at the fourth quarter, for each of those indices the fourth quarter of the year was the strongest for all three. So, generally speaking, people are encouraged a bit by that, but they're also a bit cautious and trying to contain any optimism with a dose of reality.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Second question. I think I heard in the prepared comments on SG&A, you're expecting SG&A to be flat year-over-year. Were you referring to as a percentage of sales or in dollars, dollars including acquisitions? Any kind of detail there would be helpful?
Carol Yancey: It would be on a percentage of sales. What we've really found on the SG&A line is, it's primarily due to the loss of leverage with our non-automotive businesses. So as we see that top line come back, we should be able to see some improvement there. But we talked about really it being more as a percent of sales. But remember, we still have one more quarter of comparability with the GPC Asia Pacific and their hundred percent-owned store model. So, a lot of the impact in SG&A comparability is Asia Pacific but there is just a loss of leverage. So use the percent of sales as a guide.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: I wanted to follow-up on couple of those prior questions. On the industrial side, can you talk about what the organic ex-acquisition growth was in the fourth quarter? And can you talk about what changed in the business because it improved beyond just easy compares. So, what was the light switch, which businesses saw the most change at the margin in the fourth quarter?
Thomas Gallagher: What we saw ex-acquisition in the quarter was modest growth. Acquisition actually added about seven-tenths or just under 1% to the total, the 3%. And what changed, I think you saw what's happened with the GDP, at least the advanced indices and indication of a little bit more robust activity, and then the same thing would be true on the industrial production capacity utilization and the PMI, all showed a little stronger performance. So all three of those had their strongest quarters of the year in the fourth quarter. So, I think we did see a little bit of uptick in activity in the quarter, but we're hoping that that's sustainable as we work our way through the early part of this year.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: And would you think that given sort of a negative weather impact in the first week of the quarter some of that organic growth, can it hold up or does it maybe tick down just because of the weather impact?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, it's just a guesstimate on our part at this point. We know that we lost business in January and again in February because of the weather in the Industrial segment, and it's true across all of our non-automotive businesses. How much of that we can recover through the remainder of the quarter, we'll just have to wait and see. But I would say that our expectation for the year is positive and we think that we have an opportunity to have a better year in the underlying business in industrial than what we had in 2013.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: And then similarly as you think about the automotive business and the near-term impact of having major regions shut down, such as your home area there, do you think that the organic growth in the automotive, let's say company-owned comps, do you think that ticks down in the first quarter as well because of some of this weather noise?
Paul Donahue: Yes, Chris, this Paul. We could see a slight hit. I will tell you that -- and you hit on it. Our home turf down here in Georgia, the southern up through the Atlantic, last week we had stores shut down for one to two days. So, 60 to 75 stores for sure were closed down. So, yeah, that could have an impact. On the plus side, certainly the cold weather, the road conditions are going to drive business on the product side. So, where it all ends up, hard to say. We do believe though at the end of the day that we're happy to see the cold weather, for sure, we could do without the ice.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: And then on the gross margin SG&A, you'll fully anniversary GPC Asia Pacific in the first quarter here. That's going to provide some continued noise in the gross margin and SG&A. You mentioned gross margin up slightly for the year for the total company. Will gross margins see improvement outside of the first quarter?
Carol Yancey: Well, I guess, it'd be hard to say quarter-by-quarter. What we're saying on gross margin and why we think it could be up for the year and we're giving it just a little bit above the 30% is, we did have an impact of lower volume incentives in our non-automotive businesses, more so in Industrial and a little bit in office. And then also we had some of the onetime adjustments that were negative this year with the GPC Asia Pacific that we talked about in the second and third quarter. So a combination of those two things, we do feel like we should see a bit of improvement, but haven't really put it down on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Christopher Horvers - JPMorgan: Sure. And then one last question. You mentioned auto margins up in 2014, any comments on the other divisions would be helpful. Thanks very much.
Carol Yancey: Well, I think on the other divisions, again, if we can see some of the top line growth coming back, we may get some of those volume incentives back. Not sure if we'd get all of them back, and then certainly we'll be able to offset some of the loss of leverage that we've had. So it's really dependent on getting some of the top line growth back. We would hope to at least have more of a maintain perspective on those margins with some growth.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with ISI Group.
Gregory Melich - ISI Group: Just wanted to follow-up on a couple of things. The trend in North America, just to make sure I got that right, Paul, in the first quarter so far it sounds like we're actually running a little bit less than we were in the fourth. Is that true or wrong?
Paul Donahue: That would be accurate, Greg.
Gregory Melich - ISI Group: Okay. But obviously all the other stuff could kick in later given your historical trends?
Paul Donahue: Exactly.
Gregory Melich - ISI Group: The second part was on pricing. Carol, you gave the impacts on pricing. What do you assume for 2014 in terms of inflation in each of the businesses in terms of your guidance? Do we think auto, looks like maybe it's flattening a little bit. Could we actually get some pricing power there again?
Carol Yancey: Well, we are on our second year of deflation in Automotive, and really had -- we're seeing less than normal levels of inflation in all of our businesses for 2014. We've talked to a couple of our business units and I would say it would be very little and it maybe another year like we've had this year, but we're certainly not seeing much in the way of pricing. We'd like to see it but we're just not anticipating it for 2014.
Gregory Melich - ISI Group: Okay. Great. And then lastly on pensions. Was there anything with pension in the quarter? I know you called out last year's hit in the fourth quarter. Was there anything this year, and then in your guidance for this year, do you expect any pension costs or benefits?
Carol Yancey: So, we did not have any -- our pension costs for 2014 were very similar with the exclusion of the 2012 onetime gain that we've talked about. So, there was really nothing unusual in the 2013 numbers. I would tell you that our guidance for 2014 takes into account a lower pension expense given that we do have the freeze taking effect for 2014. But what we've got offsetting that is some increased cost in our 401(k) as well as some increased healthcare cost with the Affordable Care Act. So, we have factored all of that into our guidance.
Gregory Melich - ISI Group: Okay. So, basically the lower pension expense offset by the other increased cost. Do you care to quantify that, just roughly?
Carol Yancey: We don't at this time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: My question on the APd inventory and what you've picked up so far in extended terms benefits. If you looked at that, automotive where it's sort of the tradition versus some of your other non-automotive businesses, is there a big dispersion in your leverage of accounts payable? And I guess as we look at Exego in the Australian market, is that something where it's a meaningful difference in extended terms adoption down there and is there a fair amount of running room you can pick up?
Thomas Gallagher: Bret, I'll try to answer that. I think the majority of the progress that you see is attributable to the automotive segment and primarily the North American component. We do think that there is some possible improvement yet with GPC Asia Pacific. We have seen some progress and there's a bit more there. And then we continue to think about the possibilities perhaps in the non-automotive businesses. So, I think there's upside yet. I don't think we'd suggest the magnitude of the improvement that we've seen to this point but we do feel there's still some upside.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: If you were to quantify it, I guess, is it something that you see this -- are we three quarters away there or are we halfway to what we can get from an APd inventory?
Thomas Gallagher: I think we're closer to the former rather than the latter. That's about as far as we would go.
Bret Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then one last question. I guess, it's quite a comp for the fourth quarter and if you looked at it, is it either a benefit of the geography of your stores, or do you see some benefit from a market share gain standpoint in that comp? How do you feel you did at that 7% growth relative to your physical markets?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'll take a first stab at that and Paul may want to chime in. But I would say that, certainly the stores, as Paul mentioned, basically from the plains all the way to the Northeast, saw some benefit from the weather. Conversely the stores basically from Atlanta on up to Washington did not get any benefit from the weather and actually had a little bit of impediment. But if we look at the results across the country, we were pleased with the progress we made in all of the areas and I think it's more attributable to the strength of the initiatives. Paul pointed out the strong results we had in the quarter with both major accounts in NAPA AutoCare. And that was fairly consistent across the entire country, and I think our teams are doing a good job continuing to develop those initiatives.
Paul Donahue: Brad, I'd just also add to that, as I commented, we had a good quarter on the retail side, but there's -- and Tom kind of hit on it, there's certainly nothing magical. Many of the initiatives that our team has been working very, very hard on really started to take hold. So, basic blocking and tackling is what I would attribute it to.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Aram Rubinson with Wolfe Research.
Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research: Two things. One, your office EBIT margins, even though they have struggled a little bit lately, still about 8%. I think they're higher than any other listed player by around 250 basis points. I'm wondering if you could just remind us why they're so much different than the peers and why that's going to stay that way, would be appreciated?
Thomas Gallagher: I don't know that I could address that question categorically. I would just say that in our case we always have been pretty efficient company in the way we operate and our team continues to do a good job in operating efficiently despite the headwinds that they faced on the revenue side. As Carol mentioned earlier, we continue to invest in all of our businesses and largely in technology initiatives, either intended to give us better information to run the business or intended to help us be more efficient in handling the business. And certainly that is true for office products as well as the other businesses.
Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research: And historically your operating margins of your segments have clustered pretty tight to one another. If one of them were to deviate meaningfully from that bunch, would that be kind of, I don't know, something you would take seriously and kind of think about more structural activity, divestiture or anything like that?
Carol Yancey: We look for an 8% and 8.5% operating margin for all of our businesses and for the company in total. And that's really a long-term outlook. So, there's times that we'll be outside of that, but I think on balance we're looking for the 8% to 8.5% for the whole company.
Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research: Okay. Thanks. And if I could just follow-up, one more thing. You mentioned in your remarks that technology has kind of benefitted you, I think, in your warehouse and some other areas. Can you talk to us about both the advantages and maybe some of the risks that technology is bringing? Just wanted to get a little bit more detail on that topic if you don't mind?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I think we'd rather not get into the specifics of the individual initiatives that we have underway. I think we'd rather just leave it as I said earlier, and that is, that we're looking for ways that we can have better information to manage the business or ways that we can have better capabilities in handling the business. And we continue to -- our team continues to work hard on this and they continue to find ways that we can move a bit further. The only other thing I'd add to you is that we're not a company that will go out and look for a big bank type result. So, we're not about to embark upon some technology initiative that we think could be beneficial but also could have significant downside risk. So, we go at things incrementally and we test them rather thoroughly. We prove the concept and then we move somewhat deliberately in how we roll them out in the respective businesses in order to avoid any significant downside risk.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: A couple of quick questions for you on the auto business. Just I wanted to better understand, if you had any major customers that you won in the quarter to help drive success in that business?
Paul Donahue: Seth, this is Paul. No, there was no major account activity that swung that number to the positive. Again, it was, our team just really put in some of the initiatives that we'd been working on for many quarters now into place and all came together for a good quarter.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Got you. And on the retail side of the business, you guys had a very much improved comp this quarter versus Q3. Was there anything besides the weather that drove that from your perspective?
Paul Donahue: Well, again, Seth, I'd just say that there is a number of initiatives that we've been working on, testing in some markets. And I would like to think that some of those initiatives are beginning to take hold. Our team has been working very, very hard to get our stores looking good, to get our folks trained to sell at the retail level, and it's good to finally see that coming together in Q4. The real question is can we maintain that going forward which we certainly hope to.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Are you adding incremental services to the customers that walk through the door or is it just a matter of better selling processes?
Paul Donahue: No, I would lean towards the latter there, Seth. Just really working on our training and our sales techniques but no real, again, no real change in our approach at the store level.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Got you. And then, lastly on your store count. How does that change year-over-year and what are your expectations for 2014?
Thomas Gallagher: We came on the low end of our guidance, which is to say that we'll grow our store count 1% to 2% per year and we were at the bottom end of that range for the year. And, going forward, we'd offer the same guidance and that's 1% to 2% growth.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Your final question comes from the line of Brent Rakers with Wunderlich Securities.
Anjali Voria - Wunderlich Securities: This is actually Anjali Voria in for Brent this morning. My first question is on the industrial side. Could you talk about the difference in OEM and MRO growth differential? And have you now reach the anniversary of the underperformance in some of the oil and gas and mining segments?
Thomas Gallagher: I'll take the second part of that question, first. We have not reached the final stage there yet but the headwind diminishes as we work our way through the early part of this year. So, we should get, from a comparative standpoint, we should get a little bit of benefit as we get into Q2 and on through the remainder of the year. In terms of the demand patterns, it was more MRO demand than it was on the original equipment demand.
Anjali Voria - Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Was there any new business or maybe sales pushed out from Q3 into Q4 for the industrial segment or--?
Thomas Gallagher: No, no there wasn't.
Anjali Voria - Wunderlich Securities: Okay. And I apologize if you've already addressed this, but on the auto segment margin side, were there any LIFO benefits or any other unusual benefits in that number?
Carol Yancey: No, there really wasn't. I mean as I mentioned, we had really deflation and it was only 10 basis -- it was 10 basis points. And there really wasn't any impact in our automotive margins. We were glad to hold those flat and there really wasn't any onetime adjustments in there.
Anjali Voria - Wunderlich Securities: Is it fair to say that the acquisition at Exego Australasia, did that help by something like 30 or 40 basis points because of the seasonality on the margins side?
Thomas Gallagher: No. No, no. It was pretty consistent.
Carol Yancey: Their margins are consistent with our margins.
Anjali Voria - Wunderlich Securities: Okay. But isn't this a seasonally stronger period for them or…?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, they're into their summer months. But if we look at margin contribution across the businesses, it was fairly consistent with what we did in our automotive business.
Operator: Thank you. Now, I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Carol Yancey: We want to thank you for joining us and participating in our call. And again, we apologize for the technical difficulties that we had and especially if you had, if you missed anything or you had to listen to it twice. So we apologize for that. So, thank you for your interest and support of Genuine Parts Company and we'll talk to your after our first quarter release.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney G. Jones - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul D. Donahue - President, Director and President of The US Automotive Parts Group Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Sid Jones, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Sidney G. Jones: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts third quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We'll begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Sid. And I would also like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President, along with Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and I will each handle a portion of today's call. And once we've completed our individual remarks, we will look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our third quarter results and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3,685,000,000, and this was up 9% over the prior year. Net income was $173.7 million, which was up 1%, and our earnings per share were $1.12 this year compared to $1.11 last year, which is also a 1% increase. We will get into the segment detail in a moment, but as a general statement, we would say that the third quarter proved to be challenging for us, more so in our nonautomotive businesses than the automotive segment. As you will hear from Paul in a few moments, the automotive operations performed reasonably well for us and they showed good sequential trends in a number of key areas and automotive continues to make solid progress. However, the same cannot be said about the nonautomotive businesses and this is where we came up short of our expectations in the quarter. And just to point out the contrast, Automotive revenues in the quarter were up 22% and operating profit was up 20%. Nonautomotive revenues were down 3% and operating profit was down 13%. Clearly, our expectations were for a bit stronger performance from the nonautomotive group in the quarter, but unfortunately, we saw deceleration in demand patterns across each of these businesses as the quarter progressed and this weighed heavily both on our revenue and operating profit results. The Industrial segment is our largest nonautomotive business and they had a 3% sales decrease in the quarter. After showing modest sequential improvement in Q2, we regret somewhat over the past 3 months. And looking at the various customer categories, we see uneven levels of demand across the customer base. Key customers in segments like food products, automotive and lumber and wood products, among others, continue to grow. But then, customers in segments like equipment and machinery are finding it more challenging. Equipment and machinery is our largest industry group and a number of customers in this group have been impacted by the slowdown in the oil and gas, and mining and resource industries, both domestically and globally. While a near-term pickup in oil and gas and mining and resource industries is not anticipated, we do anniversary the year-long slowdown that we've seen from each of these industries, and we see that anniversary in the fourth quarter, which will somewhat reduce the headwinds that we've encountered over the past 12 months in these 2 specific sectors. And that, combined with a steady performance from some of the other customer segments, should put us in a position to show a gradual improving revenue picture in the quarters ahead. Moving to the Electrical segment, we had another challenging quarter here as well, with sales coming in 5% below last year. And we see some of the same disparity among industry segments as we've experienced in our industrial segment. Customers tied to the transportation and housing segments are showing growth, as are the contract manufacturers to the electronics industry. But then, these increases are being offset by decreases with customers in the coal and mining, alternative energy and defense contract segments, with the latter primarily due to sequestration. However, while early, it appears that our business with the alternative energy and defense contractors is starting to stabilize and should not be as much of a headwind in the coming months. Additionally, we expect to close on a small electrical acquisition at month end, which should add an additional $10 million to $12 million to our revenue over the final 2 months. All of which should enable the Electrical Group to end the year with a more positive fourth quarter and position us for improved results in 2014. Moving on to Office Products. This group ended the quarter down 3%, and as with several of the other businesses, we saw a more pronounced deceleration late in the quarter. From a product perspective, both the cleaning and break room supplies and furniture category showed positive growth in the quarter. But these increases were offset by decreases in the technology and office supplies categories. From a customer perspective, our national account business was up low single-digits in the quarter, while our independent reseller customers were down low single-digits, and both the product category and customer segment results for the quarter follow a similar pattern on a year-to-date basis as well. So it's been a challenging year thus far for our Office Products team. And unfortunately, we don't see any material changes in the external environment in the near term. As a result, the main areas of focus for our Office Products Group are our share of wallet and market share initiatives, both for our customers and ourselves, as well as continued work on product and customer diversification. Of all of our businesses, Office Products has the furthest to go to get back on positive footing. And our sense is that it's going to take a little longer than Industrial and Electrical to come back around. So that's an overview of the nonautomotive segments and Paul will now cover the automotive operations. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tom. I'd like to add my welcome to each of you this morning. I'm pleased to join Tom and Carol and to have an opportunity to provide you an update on the third quarter performance of our global automotive business. As was mentioned in last quarter's conference call, we are now including in our automotive recap, the results GPC Asia Pacific, which was consolidated into our results on April 1. This business continues to perform as expected throughout Australia and New Zealand, and we are encouraged with the progress we have seen thus far. As Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, we are pleased to report that our overall global automotive business grew top line revenues by 22% in the third quarter. Now let's move on to our North American automotive business. Our team delivered a 5.3% sales increase in the third quarter, consisting of core growth of approximately 4.5%, which is in line with our second quarter performance. This 4.5% increase was offset approximately 1% due to the impact from foreign currency, primarily related to our Canadian operations. On the plus side, we have the benefit of 1 additional billing day in the quarter, which contributed approximately 1.5% of sales. We would also mention that as we look at our sales results across the regions of the U.S., we are encouraged to see that all are positively contributing to our sales growth, with our Eastern division performing exceptionally well. Within our U.S. company-owned store group, comparable same-store sales growth in the third quarter came in at plus 4.3%. After a challenging first quarter, we have now rung up consecutive quarters of better than 4% comp store sales growth. This performance was driven by a strong 7.9% overall sales increase in the quarter or 6.1% on a per day basis in our commercial and wholesale side of the business. Diving deeper into our commercial results, our non-fleet-related business turned in another strong quarter, generating a 9.7% increase or 8% on an adjusted basis. This segment was supported by double-digit sales growth among our major account customers and high single-digit growth from our 15,000 plus NAPA AutoCare centers. Our fleet business held steady at 5.1% growth, 3.4% on an adjusted basis in the quarter, which is consistent with our performance in Q2. Our wholesale average ticket value increased low single-digit and our average number of tickets was up mid single-digit in this segment of our business. We are encouraged by both of these sales trends. Turning to our retail business, we experienced a slowdown in this segment during the quarter and ended with sales down 1.8% or 3.3% on a same-day basis. The month of September was especially soft. We believe this is consistent with many other retailers' lackluster September store sales, implementation of the Affordable Care Act, and the first government shutdown in 17 years certainly impacted consumers' willingness to spend. That said, we were pleased to see our average retail dollar invoice trending up slightly for the quarter. However, this positive trend was offset by a slowdown in foot traffic and a slight reduction in our average number of invoices. We will continue to drive this strategically important segment of our business with a number of ongoing sales initiatives. From a product category standpoint, we continue to see strong sales in our Electrical category, primarily driven by our NAPA battery business. Our Electrical business has been a key contributor in 2013, generating just shy of a double-digit increase. An additional positive product trend is our improved sales in our all-important brake business. This is significant as we experienced slowing in this critical category back in 2012, and only began to see a modest recovery in the first quarter of 2013. Back-to-back strong sales quarters in our brake business confirms our team's efforts are succeeding in getting this business back on track. One last mention on the product front is the comment about our seasonal air conditioning business. Milder summer temps in some parts of the country led to a downturn in our AC business for this past quarter. So in summary, we are pleased to see both our North American and Australasian Automotive operations report another quarter of solid results. We remain positive about the core fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket and the growth opportunities available to us in both the retail and commercial sectors. Many of the key metrics remain positive. Total miles driven is tracking positive for the year. Fuel prices remain steady and the average age of vehicles on the road remains in excess of 11 years. Our management team remains committed to driving profitable growth in the fourth quarter and we're optimistic we'll continue this growth into 2014. We'd like to personally thank all of our associates, both at NAPA North America and at GPC Asia Pacific and Australia and New Zealand for their strong efforts in the third quarter. So that completes our overview of the Automotive business. And at this time, I'll hand it over to Carol to get us started with a review of the financial results. Carol?
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will get started with a review of our third quarter and 9-month income statements and the segment information, and then we will review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back and wrap it up and then we'll open the call up to your questions. As we turn to the income statement, we want to reiterate that our September 30th third quarter and year-to-date consolidated results referenced in our commentary include GPC Asia Pacific acquired April 1. And with that said, total sales of a record high $3.7 billion for the third quarter, an increase of 9% from last year, as Tom mentioned. And for the 9 months, our total sales of $10.6 billion, up 7% from 2012. Before the impact of the GPC Asia Pacific acquisition, total sales are up 1% for both the third quarter and year-to-date, reflecting the difficult conditions in our nonautomotive businesses. Our gross profit for the third quarter was 29.9% of sales, up 100 basis points from 28.9% last year. And for the 9 months, our gross margin of 29.6% is up from the 29.0% for the same period last year or an increase of 60 basis points. Our improvement in gross margin can be attributed to the favorable impact of higher gross margins in our Australasian business, which owns 100% of its stores. This benefit was partially offset by a slight decrease in our core North American gross margins in the third quarter, primarily related to our Industrial business and to a lesser degree, our automotive business. In addition, in association with the GPC Asia Pacific acquisition, we recorded a $3 million expense to cost of sales in the quarter as the final piece of a purchase accounting adjustment related to the Australasian inventory writeup to fair value. The original $18 million adjustment was recorded in the second quarter for a total year-to-date impact of $21 million. As an additional point of interest, we continue to see very little inflation in our businesses. Our year-to-date 2013 cumulative pricing is down 2/10 of 1% in Automotive, up 0.9% for Industrial, up 0.5% for Office Products, and up 0.8% for Electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses were $829 million for the third quarter, up 18% from 2012 and at 22.5% of sales. For the 9 months in 2013, our total SG&A expenses are $2.3 billion or up 10%, and at 22.0% of sales. Our SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales are up 160 and 80 basis points for the quarter and the 9 months, respectively, and this primarily reflects the impact of higher SG&A expenses at GPC Asia Pacific, again, due to their 100% owned store model. We've also seen a decrease in our leverage associated with our nonautomotive businesses. Year-to-date, our SG&A includes the positive onetime pretax adjustment of $54 million, net of expenses, associated with the revaluation of our original 30% investment in GPC Asia Pacific that was required on April 1. Excluding this adjustment, our SG&A for the 9 months as a percentage of sales was 22.5%. We continue to focus on effective cost management in every area of our business. A few notable cost control measures include ongoing investments in technology, which has positively impacted our operating efficiencies in our distribution centers and stores, as well as supply chain initiatives in areas such as freight and logistics. Now turning to the segment results. Our Automotive revenue for the third quarter was $2.02 billion, and represents 55% of sales and is up 22.1%. Our operating profit of $180.2 million is up 19.6%, and our margin is down 20 basis points from last year to 8.9%. This relates to some slight gross margin pressure in our North American operations, which in part can be attributed to the lack of pricing which we mentioned earlier. For the 9 months, our Automotive sales were $5.57 billion, representing 52% of total revenue and up 16.4%. Our operating profit of $487.6 million is up 16.6%, so the margin is up 10 basis points to 8.8% from 8.7% last year, which is a very good job. The Industrial Group had sales of $1.11 billion in the quarter and this is 30% for our total revenue and a decrease of 2.5%. Our operating profit of $79.6 million is down 15.9%, so we saw the Industrial margin decrease to 7.2% from 8.3%. Through September, Industrial sales of $3.34 billion, which is 32% of our revenues, are down 1.6%. Our operating profit of $247.4 million is down 9.7%, and their margin is down 70 basis points to 7.4% from 8.1% one last year. We attribute the margin declines for the quarter and the 9 months to a decrease in volume incentives associated with lower purchasing volumes with our suppliers, general gross margin pressures in a weak demand environment and a loss of leverage on the lower sales volume. Moving on to Office Products. We had revenues of $430.5 million, which is 11% of our total sales and down 3.1% for the quarter. Our operating profit of $28.1 million is down 6.2%, so their margin is down 20 basis points to 6.5% from 6.7%. Year-to-date, Office sales of $1.25 billion represent 12% of our total revenue and are down 2.4%. Our operating profit of $91.1 million is down 7.2%, and then margin is 7.3% versus 7.6% last year or down 30 basis points. For the quarter and the 9 months, this margin decline is due to the loss of leverage on the lower sales volume. Our Electrical Group had sales in the quarter of $142.8 million, and up 4% in total revenue and down 5.3%. Our operating profit of $12.6 million is down 6.9%, so their margin came down to 8.8% from 9.0%, but that's still a very strong margin. For the year, Electrical sales were $425 million, which represents 4% of our total revenue and down 5%. Our operating profit of $35.3 million is down 8.2%, and their margin is down 30 basis points to 8.3% from 8.6%. And as with the Industrial and Office businesses, the decline in margin for Electrical for the quarter and the 9 months is primarily a function of the loss of leverage on the lower sales volumes for these periods. So our total operating profit was up 4% in the third quarter and our operating profit margin decreased 40 basis points to 8.2%. For the 9 months, our total operating margin held steady with the second quarter at 8.2%, but it's down from the 8.4% for the same period in 2012. The decline in our operating margins thus far in 2013 continues to reflect the impact of weak sales conditions in our nonautomotive businesses, and we would add that the operating margin at GPC Asia Pacific remains in line with our core Automotive businesses, as we expected. We remain committed to expanding our operating margin in the periods ahead through some of our ongoing initiatives. We had net interest expense of $7 million in the third quarter. And year-to-date, our interest expense is $18.2 million. Interest is up from 2012 due to an increase in the total debt. And based on our current projections, we would expect net interest expense of approximately $25 million to $26 million for the full year. This has slightly improved from our prior guidance of $26 million to $28 million. Our total amortization expense was $7.7 million for the third quarter and $20.5 million for the 9 months. This is up from 2012 due to the Quaker City acquisition in May of last year, and April's acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific. We currently expect amortization to be in the $29 million range for the full year, which is down slightly from our previous projections. The other line, which reflects corporate expense, was a $14 million expense for both the third quarter and the 9 months. This line also includes the net impact of the purchase accounting adjustments discussed earlier in association with gross profit and SG&A. In summary, this amounted to a $36 million favorable adjustment in the second quarter and a $3 million expense in the third quarter. We currently project this line to be approximately $30 million in expense for the full year. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 36.1% compared to 36.3% last year. And for the 9 months, our 33.9% rate compares to the 36.4% rate for the prior year. That current rate reflects the favorable impact of lower Australian tax rate applied to GPC Asia Pacific's pretax earnings. In addition, the improvement in the year-to-date rate also reflects the favorable tax rate on the second quarter gain that was associated with the remeasurement of our Australasian investment. We expect our tax rate in the fourth quarter to approximate 36.0% to 36.5% for an annual rate of 34.5% to 35.0% for 2013. Our net income for the quarter of $173.7 million was up slightly and EPS of $1.12 compared to $1.11 last year was up 1%. For the year through September, our net income of $534.5 million is up 10% and our EPS of $3.43 compared to the $3.11 for 2012 was also up 10%. Now we'll move on to the balance sheet. Cash at September 30 was $321 million, which was down from the $400 million at December 30 last year and December 31, 2012. We're pleased with our current cash position and continue to generate strong cash flows as a result of our increase in earnings, our effective working capital and asset management, as well as cost containment measures. Our accounts receivable of $1.8 billion at September 30 increased 9.5% from the same period in 2012 on a 9% sales increase for the quarter. Our goal is to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth, so we have a little work to do in this area and we remain very focused on meeting this goal in the periods ahead. We are very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at quarter end was $2.8 billion, which is up 12% from September 20, 2012, primarily due to the GPC Asia Pacific inventory added at the start of the second quarter. Excluding the impact of Australasia, our inventory is up just 1% from last year and down 2% from December 31. So our team is doing a very good job of managing our inventory levels, and we remain very focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move into the final period of 2013. Our accounts payable balance at September 30 was $2.2 billion, up 26% from September 30 of last year. Excluding the impact of GPC Asia Pacific, our payables were up 18%. Our ongoing growth in trade payables reflects the positive impact of our extended payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors. We're very encouraged with our improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital and days and payables. We expect this trend to continue in the periods ahead. Our working capital of $1.8 billion at September 30 is down approximately 26% from September of 2012, primarily due to the increase in current debt in 2013. Excluding our current debt, working capital is down approximately 5% from last year. Effectively managing accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable is a very high priority for our company and our ongoing efforts with these key accounts have resulted in tremendous improvement in our working capital position and cash flows. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at September 30 of 2013. Our total debt of $834 million at September 30 includes 2 $250 million term notes which we've carried for some time now, as well as another $334 million in borrowings under our multicurrency syndicated credit facility agreement. This adds to total debt to total capitalization of approximately 21% at September 30, which is down slightly from the 23% at June 30, while up from the 14% at September 30 the prior year. We're comfortable with our capital structure at this time, and we currently expect total debt to approximate $850 million at December 31, 2013. We should add here that as we mentioned in our last call, we plan to renew the $250 million term note that's due November 30 of 2013. Under this plan, we will extend this debt for 10 years at a 2.99% fixed interest rate, thus replacing the 4.67% fixed interest rate on the current note with more favorable terms. We expect the renewal to become effective on November 30 of 2013. As we stated earlier, we continue to generate solid cash flows and expect another very strong year in 2013. For the 9 months through September, our cash from operations was approximately $837 million, and for the full year, we currently project cash from operations to approximate $900 million. Likewise, we expect free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends to be in the $450 million to $500 million range. The continued strength of our cash flows is encouraging and we remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for the cash is the dividend, which we paid every year since going public in 1948, and have now raised for 57 consecutive years. This is a record that continues to distinguish Genuine Parts from other companies. Our annual dividend of $2.15 per share for 2013 represents a 9% increase from the $1.98 per share paid in 2012, and it's approximately 52% of our 2012 earnings per share, which is well within our goal of a 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures was $33.3 million for the third quarter, up from $20.3 million in 2012. For the 9 months, our capital spending totaled $84.1 million, an increase of -- an increase from the $71.6 million for the 9 months in 2012. We expect our capital expenditures for the full year to be in the range of $130 million to $140 million, and that's an increase from the $102 million in the prior year due to the addition of GPC Asia Pacific, as well as some anticipated expenditures for our North American businesses. The vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Our depreciation and amortization was $35.2 million in the quarter, which is up from the $25.6 million for the third quarter in 2012. For the year, depreciation and amortization is $98.1 million compared to the $73.3 million for the same period in 2012. The increase on this line reflects the impact of GPC Asia Pacific, as well as the amortization expense related to Asia Pacific and Quaker City. We currently expect depreciation and amortization for the full year to be $130 million to $140 million. Strategic acquisitions continued to be an ongoing and important use of our cash for us and they're integral to the growth plans for our company. We remain excited about the growth opportunities we see at GPC Asia Pacific, and we continue to seek new acquisitions across our businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. In fact, our current pipeline of potential acquisitions is building somewhat today, and we would expect to have more to report in this area over the next several periods. Generally, our primary targets are those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, we have been active in the company's share repurchase program since 1994. And thus far, in 2013, we've repurchased approximately 900,000 shares and we have another 11.3 million shares authorized and available for repurchase today. We have no set pattern for these purchases, but we would expect to be active in the program in the quarters ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment, and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. So that is our financial update. And in closing, we want to thank all of our GPC associates, including our friends in Australia and New Zealand for all that they do everyday for Genuine Parts Company. In these challenging times, our team works even harder to execute on our growth strategy, our working capital and our cost-saving initiatives to help position the company for growth. We look forward to updating you on our future progress when we report again. I'll now turn it back over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and Paul. So that recaps our third quarter results. And as we said at the outset, it proved to be a challenging quarter for us in many ways, especially so for our nonautomotive operations. As Paul mentioned in his remarks, Automotive came through the quarter in pretty good shape with overall sales growth of 22%, or NAPA growth without acquisitions of 5.3%, and this was led by solid same-store sales growth of 4.3%, high single-digit growth in our NAPA AutoCare business and low double-digit growth in our major account business. And our expectation is for another solid quarter from Automotive in Q4. And as Carol covered, we continue to make progress in the areas of cash generation and working capital efficiency with further improvements anticipated in the months ahead. Where we really came up short both on the revenue and operating side was in our nonautomotive businesses. As we look ahead to the full year, we find that our revenue outlook today is quite different from our thinking back in July when we last updated our guidance. Today, we see our total sales picture down approximately $250 million to $300 million from our July guidance, with the majority of this decrease coming from our nonautomotive businesses. In the July timeframe, we remain hopeful for an economic recovery over the second half of the year, and this simply has not happened in the nonautomotive segments. At least from our perspective, the industrial recovery has been pushed out into 2014. So at this time, we're not expecting any help from the economy in the fourth quarter and we currently estimate a total GPC sales increase of 7% for the full year, which is down from our previous guidance of 9% to 10%. As mentioned, the lower revenue guidance primarily relates to the more difficult sales environment in our nonautomotive segments. Our current expectation is for sales in our Automotive segment to increase by approximately 18% to 19% for the full year, including the sales contribution from GPC Asia Pacific. Without this acquisition volume, we expect our Automotive sales to increase in the 5% range for all of 2013, consistent with where we find ourselves now. Turning to the other businesses, we currently project Industrial sales for the full year to be down 1% to down 2%, which is a reduction from our prior guidance of up 1% to up 3%. Our current expectation is for the Electrical/Electronic segment to be down 2% to 3% for the full year, which is lowered from our previous guidance of flat to up 2%, and Office Products is currently projected to be down 2% to 3% for the year, lowered from our prior guidance of down 1% to up 1%. This lower sales projection, combined with our third quarter results, have impacted our earnings estimates for 2013 as well by approximately $0.20 the $0.25. As a result, we currently expect our EPS for the full year to be in the $4.30 to $4.35 range, which is down from our previous full year guidance of $4.50 to $4.60. So that will summarize our outlook at this point. And certainly, we're disappointed in the continued sluggishness in our nonautomotive segments. We are encouraged by the continued solid performance in Automotive, however, and we think that we are starting to see a few encouraging signs in Industrial and Electrical. And the underlying fundamentals in each of these businesses remains generally favorable. So although we find ourselves in a soft period right now in these businesses, we have been through times like these in the past and our folks know what needs to be done and we look forward to giving you an update on our progress in the next call. At this point, we'd like to open the call up to your questions and we'll turn the call back over to Jennifer. Jennifer?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Lovallo of Bank of America.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question, Carol, would be on just how we should think about normalized incremental operating margins going forward. I mean, I understand what's kind of -- with the pressure on SG&A right now with the non-auto, but I'm just wondering, has the model changed given the consolidation of the auto APAC business?
Carol B. Yancey: No. On our automotive margins, our margins, the core business in GPC Asia Pacific really has similar margins. So the Asia Pacific margins are not dragging us down the automotive sector. I think, what we mentioned is we had some gross margin pressures in the North American operations, and really, just the lack of pricing and some other gross margin pressures. Our long-term outlook for margins is still to have 10 to 20 basis point improvement in each of our businesses with margins. Now where we struggle with that is if we don't have some strong top line growth. And so if you look at our year-to-date automotive margins, they're still up 10 basis points and that's where we were through to 6 months. So we really hope that we can hold there through the end of the year and look towards in the future having more improvement than that.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And Tom, how are you guys thinking about the Advance Auto Parts recent acquisition of General Parts? I mean, how is that going to affect the competitive landscape in your view?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I think, we'd start by saying this is very recent news. It's only a few days old. But as we think about it, in the past, we've had 2 really good competitors in Advance and in CARQUEST. And I think, we would compliment both management teams on arriving at this point. But as we go forward, in those markets where we competed both against an Advance store and a CARQUEST store, it appears that we will be competing against 1 competitor and not 2, albeit 1 larger and 1 strong competitor. So it's very early in the days in terms of how we think it's going to affect things. But one thing that does appear evident is that we're going to have 4 players at the very top of the pyramid that are going to be significantly larger than those players position 5 and on down. And I don't know how that plays out over time, but it could lead to some additional consolidation as we go forward. And hopefully, we'll be able to participate in that as we see the opportunities arise.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The first question I'd like to ask relates to the government shutdown more broadly. Obviously, you saw your business trail off in a number of sectors late in September, and there were some extraordinary circumstances presumably associated with that. And at least, for the moment, those drivers came to some resolution a day or 2 ago. To what degree, as you think about -- and it was interesting that you did not call out government-linked businesses as essential drivers of the slowdown, there are other industries that seem to be behind it, to what degree do you think this was a factor as you spoke to your customers and it's probably way too early to say have you seen any kind of thaw but how would you expect that to play out going forward?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Matt, we'll try to take the first part of it. And it did in fact impact some of the demand in the quarter. I think, we saw some of that where we -- in our Electrical business, for instance, where we deal with defense contractors and they continue to have some issues in terms of builds. Certainly, we saw it in the Office Products business indirectly where we sell to customers who sell into the governmental agencies. So we saw that demand drop off somewhat. As far as what happens now that we have at least a temporary resolution, it is too early to tell and we'll just have to wait and see how it develops over the next couple of weeks.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. Secondly, within Automotive, your commercial sales numbers were quite strong. And presumably, they would imply some market share gains. So I guess I'd appreciate Paul's perspective on what you think your market share trends were in each of the commercial and DIY pieces of automotive?
Paul D. Donahue: Well, Matt, specifically on the commercial side, you're referencing both our major account business and our NAPA AutoCare business and we did have really good quarters with both businesses. I don't think their businesses overall are growing quite at the rates that we are, so you'd have to -- one would have to assume we're taking a bit of share. We also picked up a new customer, a new major account, some new major account business in the quarter that we hadn't enjoyed before, that will add about 600 stores for us on a go-forward basis. So we're very pleased with that win. On the DIY side, Matt, we were going along pretty good in June -- I'm sorry, in July and August, and really saw a slowdown in September. And back to your question about the impact of the government shutdown, so it's difficult to say directly that, that had an impact. But you got to believe consumers clammed up in those last couple of weeks in September because the falloff in the last week was fairly significant.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Was there any regionality to the slowdown that you saw in September? I know that this industry has gone through moments of regional volatility in 2012. Any signs of that here in this most recent episode?
Paul D. Donahue: No, not really, Matt. As I think I mentioned in my comments, we're -- this year, unlike last year, we're seeing growth across every division of the country. And I think I pointed out the northeastern part of the U.S., we're seeing stronger growth. But across the U.S., we're seeing single-digit increases across every division.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The last question I have, you mentioned M&A, and it sounded like bolt-ons more than anything else. Of course, with the Advance-CARQUEST deal, one wonders if you're kind of inspired to look at bigger deals, I don't know if there's much left in automotive of size. But are you thinking now about perhaps a larger-sized transaction than you would have done in the U.S.? Or are we still talking primarily smaller deals?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Oh, I think that we'd have to wait to see what opportunities present themselves. But we're very much open to strategic acquisitions that benefit the GPC shareholders, regardless of size. We'll look at any opportunity that may come forward. Matt, one other point I'd want to make, Paul mentioned the major account win that we had. And just to be clear, that really had minimal impact in the quarter. That's something that we think will help us to have some incremental growth in Q4 and then on through next year. It's still very early in its evolution.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Melich with ISI Group.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I want to follow-up on the Auto margins, especially how they seem to inflect downward this quarter. Is the $3 million hit, was that -- I guess it's about 15 bps, so that really the margins may have been flattish in pricing. Is there an inability to pass through some price increases? Or is it that competition has actually taken price down to hit margin?
Carol B. Yancey: Well, let me just clarify this, the $3 million inventory adjustment is in the other net line, consistent with how we did at second quarter. So the purchase accounting adjustments have been pulled out of the Automotive margins that you see. So that's not in the 8.9%. And my reference really wasn't an inability to pass along price increases. There's just no pricing in the environment, it's just some downward pressure on gross margin. But again, we're kind of pointing back to the 9-month numbers and saying we're still in pretty good shape year-to-date. So it's not anything specific, it's just a little bit of gross margin pressures. And it's North America, it's a bit Canada, as well as the U.S.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Could the -- with DIY having sort of weakened sequentially or do-it-for-me side holding up, would mix have been a reasonable part of that?
Carol B. Yancey: Absolutely. Yes, absolutely.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, second, on the Industrial business. Tom, one thing we've noticed, it seems like a lot of the traditional metrics that lead your Industrial business, like industrial production, have actually been better than the results they've actually been. Do you think there's something going on? There's seems to at least be a disconnect. Do you see that? Or do you think there's something wrong with the traditional metrics that just don't matter as much anymore for some reason?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Greg, I'm going to try to answer it in a couple of different ways. First of all, if we look at our Industrial business, we've got segments that are performing fine and reacting, as you would expect them historically, to some of the leading indicators. So I called out automotive, food processing, lumber and wood products as 3 examples. But then, we have other segments that are not reacting as they might have historically. And there are more specific issues, whether it be in oil and gas or mining and resource. They are being impacted both by the slowdown in the U.S., as well as the global markets. So any of those companies that might have been producing for export, their export business is under pressure because of what's happening globally. So that would be one thing. The other thing is in looking at the indices, at least 3 of the ones that we follow, there seems to be some inconsistency there as well. If you look at the ISM Purchasing Managers Index, it is fairly strong right now and certainly, nicely up on where it was this time last year. If you look at industrial production and capacity utilization, you see a slightly different story, in that if we compare industrial production for Q2 to industrial production Q2 last year, it's up 1%, much less than what the PMI is up quarter-over-quarter. And if we look at capacity utilization, Q2 this year to Q2 last year, well, it's still at a historically reasonable level in Q2 of this year. It's actually down about 1% of where it was this time last year. So we see a lot of inconsistency within the numbers. We haven't yet concluded that there's any structural change. We think that, over time, all of this will start to even out a bit. We think that the fundamentals in the business are still favorable as we go forward. And we're optimistic that as we cycle through some of this that we'll get to more historical-type performance in these businesses. And maybe just to add a little color to what I mentioned earlier, if we look at the impact of what happened to us in those specific original equipment manufacturing sectors that I've called out, that cost us 3% in year-to-date revenue growth. That's how impactful it was. And the good news is that we've now anniversaried that and while we don't see those segments snapping back quickly, we certainly don't see the same headwind that we faced over the past 4 quarters. And if we go over to the Electrical business, if we look at what's happened there largely because of some slowdown in the defense contractor segment, that's cost us about 2% on a year-to-date basis. And again, we don't expect that to come back significantly in the near-term, but at the same time, we don't expect it to erode the way that it had thus far this year. So those 2 things in particular have impacted those 2 businesses, if that helps with any color.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That helps a lot, Tom. And if I could lastly, just on Office, the fact that the sales are falling but the margins are pulling pretty steady, just down a little bit. What's the real strategy there, especially with consolidation also appearing to take hold in the Office Products space?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It's largely helping our customers grow their business. And if we can help them enhance their share of wallet or their market share through different initiatives, then that in turn will benefit us. And then, we need to continue down the path of some diversification both on the product side, as well as on the customer portfolio side. We're working pretty diligently in both of those areas. And we've made some progress in each case, but we still have a bit more to do in both areas. But that's the strategy right now. And right now, this is the business that's most challenged and we don't think that there are as many early signs of encouragement for this business yet. But at some point, it will revert closer to the norm, even with the structural change from a product standpoint with pick the best product in secular decline. Eventually, this business is going to come back. And in the meantime, it generates a lot of cash, gives us a good operating margin, and it gives us time to continue to rebalance the business a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Gober with Morgan Stanley.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to touch back on the Advance GPI acquisition. And more specifically, on the independent stores at CARQUEST. I was wondering how you think about that basis stores and that base of owners? Are they're going through what's obviously going to be a big change, would you be interested in expanding the store count by trying to attract some of those independents? And I don't know if you've done any work in terms of store over the last or anything, but is that a base that might be attractive?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, as a general statement, David, part of our growth strategy is to increase the store count year-over-year 1% to 2% at a minimum, and we'll hit the low end of that this year, which we're proud of. If we have an opportunity to do it more rapidly because of whatever circumstance, certainly, we're interested in doing that. The one thing I would say is that it appears right now that NAPA may be the only national organization that still has a strong commitment to the independent ownership, and we'll continue to do everything we can to build on that base and to support the independent owner base as we go forward. So -- and I'd also say, we've done enough acquisitions over time to have learned that in any acquisition, certainly, there are some operating synergies that can be affected. But at least in our case, there've been very few, if any acquisitions, where we're able to retain all of the revenue. We've seen a number of reasons why, at least a portion of your revenue may be prone to a little bit of slippage. And if that happens in this particular case, then we hope we're in a position to perhaps pick up a little of that. But it's way too early for us to say categorically we know how it's going to work out. But we'll continue to follow it with a great deal of interest and hopefully, there's some positive in it for us as well.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's helpful. And I just wanted to go back to the inflation issue again. It sounds like that has clearly decelerated this year. And I think, last quarter, you mentioned that what you're saying is broadly speaking, competition was kind of keeping a lid on inflation. Is that still the case? Or is there anything else that's going on in terms of the inflation dynamics?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. I think, that's generally the case. But I would also say that we don't see any evidence of predatory pricing or price wars going on. We've been through periods like that at times in the past. But that's not a situation today. Input costs have gone down for vendors in more recent times and that also has mitigated their need for some price increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I know maybe it's difficult to answer because it's hard to know what competitors might do. But Tom, you just talked about you really haven't seen anything on the irrational front in terms of pricing, et cetera. Do you think Advance buying CARQUEST Worldpac changes that dynamic at all going forward?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't have any reason to think that today. We'll have to wait and see. The nice thing about the larger competitors is that we're all publicly traded, and we've all got the need to report our numbers. And I think that leads to some rationalism or at least a degree of rationalism among each of these companies. So I don't know that we'll see that. And if we do, we'll just have to respond accordingly. We're not going to donate share after working so hard to gain share. So we'll continue to work our strategies and our initiatives for sell side and buy side.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Understood. And then, can I just clarify, I mean, you've talked about some of the things that should ease in the fourth quarter. Obviously, the government shutdown, hopefully, at least a temporary reprieve there. Also the 3% that you referenced in terms of now anniversary-ing some of the clients that we've seen previously. We also talked about trends decelerating through the third quarter on the non-auto side. So I'm just wondering, is there something else that you feel a little bit better about the fourth quarter? Or is it really just those 2 factors?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, those 2 factors for sure. And then, I mentioned that we had a small acquisition that we're going to do at month end for the Electrical Group. We have 1 or 2 others that we hope to add into the Industrial/Electrical segments between now and yearend, which I think will help a little bit and set us up for a little improvement as we go into next year. And then, don't forget, our comps get easier in Q4. We had some difficult comps last year. So the comps in and of themselves are a little bit easier as we work our way toward yearend.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. So no real change in pace of business but easier comparisons through a couple of acquisitions in there, as well as the other things.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think, that's right, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A couple of quick questions, and one of them, I guess, the North America pricing looks pretty stagnant. How is actually pricing looking? Could you maybe give us a little bit more color on how we look on the Australian business and maybe all over the year ago of sort of what the growth trend have looked like down there?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we don't break out the segment data for those businesses. I will tell you, I will comment this way, as you probably know, the economy in Australia and New Zealand is pretty sluggish because of what's happened in the mining and resource sector down there and that has had a ripple effect through the economy. So it's slowed down a good bit. With that said, however, our team continues to do a very good job in executing their strategies. And their results would be outpacing the industry results down there and their results would be comparable to what we're doing here in terms of organic growth. So we're very pleased with what we see. And frankly, we're a bit optimistic as they continue to roll out some of the strategies down here. From a pricing standpoint, pretty much the same picture is what we see here.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, a question on AP inventory, you've gotten that up pretty nicely. How much runway is left? And is the Automotive portion of your inventory pretty well levered on the payables model and you need to bring the industrial folks into the fold? Or is there room to move aggregate AP inventory much higher?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think, the latter comment is where we find it. There is room to move the aggregate higher. We were pleased with the progress that we've made through the 9 months. We see more progress that will be made over the upcoming 3 months. And we continue to work this as an important part of our overall strategy.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, sorry for that, one, a regional performance question. I think, you used the word exceptional to describe the East. Is that -- does the feeling like there's pent up demand that's coming back to the market, or is it just such an easy comparison off of a top 2012 we're seeing this growth. Is it -- I guess, if you look over a cycle, does it feel like you're growing better than you would be just with the easy comparison that you saw?
Paul D. Donahue: I think, it's a little bit of both, Bret. But I would also tell you that our team has done a good job of capturing some new business up in that market as well. So it's a little bit of both, plus some new bids.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. Great. And one housekeeping, your full year guidance does or does not include the second quarter $0.22 benefit?
Carol B. Yancey: It includes it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered but I have a couple of others. If you wouldn't mind parsing out the margins on the Auto business a little bit further. If I understand it correctly, gross margin was down slightly and SG&A margin was down slightly. As you look forward, do you expect that trend to persist if you maintain the same level of sales growth?
Carol B. Yancey: Seth, one is we don't specifically call out gross margins or SG&A by each of our segments. But in our commentary and what we did mention, on the Automotive side, their operating margin decrease was solely attributed to the gross margin impact. Their SG&A was actually slightly improved. So they're doing a very good job on the cost side. So again, if we can work through these gross margin pressures and we're working very hard on that and we looked to the year-to-date number again being up 10 basis points, again, we're doing a pretty good job in the SG&A area. So that wasn't an issue there. Our long-term margin outlook for all of our businesses is 8%, 8.5%. So we're really pleased to see Automotive where they are right now.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. That's helpful. And on the DIY side, in the Auto segment, with the slowdown at the end of the quarter and now the government shutdown over, would you expect a rebound? Is there any pent-up demand that will come back? Or are those sales lost for good?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think those sales are probably gone. If you look at the history of the DIY business across the industry, it's been under pressure for a number of quarters. And I think that's partly attributable to the fact that do-it-for-me is going to grow at a faster rate for quite some time than the do-it-yourself will be. But Paul mentioned, we were a little bit encouraged actually by what we saw in July and August, and felt that maybe we were going to have a bit better quarter than the way it turned out. But we did, in fact, see a dropoff in September, and most of that dropoff happened late in the month. But if there's any encouraging information in there, it's that the basket size was actually up a little bit. But it was the ticket count that was off for the traffic in the stores. We'll have to see if it reverts back to the more normal pattern. We did see improved ticket count in July and August, but we gave it all back in September.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. And can you give any more color on the initiatives you're undertaking within the Auto segments to grow the commercial business beyond major accounts and NAPA AutoCare?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, they would be the 2 and we would not want to go any further than that on the call.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. Last question on the Industrial side. Looking at the trends you're seeing, the OEM manufacturer customer base. Are those trends sort of stabilizing at low level, so that we'll see no impact on a year-over-year basis going forward? Or do you expect incremental headwinds on a year-over-year basis going forward?
Thomas C. Gallagher: They have -- they do appear to be stabilizing, albeit at a lower level. Whether or not we see some growth off of the current levels over the next quarter or 2, I don't have a feel for. But just because of the magnitude of the dropoff that we've experienced, we don't see that being the headwind that it has been for the last 4 quarters.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brent Rakers with Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Tom, I was hoping to follow-up on the comments you made within Industrial about the difference in OEM and MRO performance being about 300 basis points this quarter. Could you maybe take us back to the last 2 or 3 quarters as well and maybe talk to what the disconnect in performance was in these previous quarters as well?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It's actually 3% on a year-to-date basis, not one quarter specific. That's what the impact has been over the 9 months.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Tom, I am reading that correctly. That is not specific to the specific verticals but it actually relates to the entirety of your OEM portion of that business?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. It relates to the decreases we've seen with customers in the oil and gas and mining and resource sectors.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. Okay. And then, just one last point of clarification. I think, in maybe your opening comments or maybe in response to one of the other questions, you talked about encouraging signs in Industrial and Electrical. Is there anything beyond, I think, the earlier question was asked about an acquisition that's on the Electrical side and then the comps, are there other signs that are encouraging to you besides those?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I'll give you one other data point and we track what we call our project work in the Industrial business. And we were encouraged in that the amount of project work that we've got has held steady from Q2 to Q3, which we think is a little bit of a positive. Part of the offset to that, though, is while we haven't seen any decline in the pending project work, we have seen some of these projects be pushed out. Our expectation is that they will start to flow through, some in Q4, some in Q1. But until we actually get the order and get the release, we can't be absolutely certain. But we are somewhat encouraged by the fact that we didn't see any dropoff. And these are projects that are going to be used to expand capacity within plants or improved productivity within plants. So there's somewhat of an indicator, we think, of the plants' willingness to make some capital expenditures and to continue to invest back into their businesses for future growth.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, we thank you for joining us on our call today and we look forward to talking to you at our fourth quarter and yearend results. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney G. Jones - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul D. Donahue - President, Director and President of The US Automotive Parts Group Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jasmine, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Sidney G. Jones: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts second quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for the full year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We'll begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Sid, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate your taking the time to be with us this morning. Paul Donahue, our President, along with Carol Yancey, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and I will each handle a portion of today's call, and once we've concluded our individual remarks, we will look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Now earlier this morning, we released our second quarter 2013 results, and hopefully, you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $3,676,000,000, which was up 10% over the prior year. Net income was $216.4 million, which was up 28%, and earnings per share were $1.39 this year compared to $1.08 last year and the EPS increase was up 29%. Now I do want to point out that these results include the contributions from our Australia and New Zealand acquisition that was completed on April 1. You will recall that as of April 1, we purchased the remaining 70% of the shares that we did not own, and both Carol and Paul will give you a bit more detail on how this impacted the numbers during their comments. But I would just say that we are really pleased to have this team as part of the GPC family and they will be strong contributors to our results in the quarters ahead. A review of the results by business segment shows quite a contrast between our automotive and nonautomotive operations. Automotive revenues were up 22% in the quarter, including the contributions from the Australia and New Zealand acquisition, and they were up 6% without this contribution, and if we back out the 1 month of incremental volume we had with Quaker City, our ongoing operations were up 4%, and this shows good sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. The nonautomotive operations were down just over 1% in the quarter, with all 3 of the business segments experiencing modest decreases. The Industrial segment, which is our largest nonautomotive business, was down 0.6% in the second quarter. This is a slight improvement from the 2% decrease reported in the first quarter, but down all the same. Our biggest challenges in the quarter were with customers in the original equipment manufacturing segment. Many of these customers have a fair amount of their sales volume tied to the export market and they're being adversely impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and by the overall slowdown in the global economy. Conversely, customers in the automotive, lumber and wood products segments are examples of segments that are showing solid growth for us, and we think it's indicative of the stronger new car sales that we're seeing in the U.S., as well as the recovery that we're seeing in the housing segment in the economy. And in going a bit deeper into the numbers, it's interesting to note that customers in our top 10 industry segments, exclusive of the original equipment manufacturing, were actually up mid single-digits with us in the second quarter and they're running low single-digit increases year-to-date, all of which probably ties with a gradual but uneven overall economic recovery that we're all reading about. Fortunately, the most recent industrial production and capacity utilization indices both remain at historically healthy levels, which should turn out to be a positive for us in the quarters ahead. However, at this point, our sense is that customer demand patterns will remain a bit uneven and choppy over the remainder of the year. Or stated another way, although we do expect modest sales improvement in the second half, we feel that the end market demand will be somewhat sluggish and a bit unpredictable for a few quarters yet. Moving on to the Electrical/Electronic segment, sales for this group were down 4%, and many of the same comments made about our industrial business are applicable to the Electrical/Electronic business as well. Sales to the original equipment manufacturers are showing the steepest declines year-over-year, and then specific to the Electrical segment, sales to defense contractors have been negatively affected by the impact of sequestration. As with Motion Industries, we do anticipate some sales improvement over the second half of the year, but our sense is that it will be modest until we see further improvement in the overall economy. We'll wrap up a review of the nonautomotive operations with a few comments about Office Products, which ended the quarter down 3%. After a 3% increase in the fourth quarter of last year and a relatively flat first quarter of this year, we're actually expecting a little stronger performance from this segment in Q2. Our business with the Mega Channel actually improved in the second quarter, ending up mid single-digits, but then our business with the independent Office Products resellers was down mid single-digits. From a product category perspective, we continue to see positive results in furniture as well as in cleaning and breakroom supplies, but these are being offset by decreases in technology products and core office supplies. These latter 2, technology products and office supplies, are our 2 largest product categories, and they both softened a bit further in Q2 from Q1. Overall demand in the Office Products industry is being affected by the movement to tablet-style devices as well as the ongoing digitization of the office environment. Additionally, demand is currently being impacted by sequestration and a general reduction in governmental budgets at the local, state and federal levels and the expectation is that all of these will remain headwinds for the Office Products industry until we see stronger economic recovery. In the meantime, our Office Products team remains focused on the key growth initiatives aimed at driving incremental revenue and market share gains. So that's a quick overview of the nonautomotive businesses. And at this point, we'll ask Paul to cover the automotive operations. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. As Tom mentioned, we are including in our automotive recap the results from our newly acquired business in Australasia, formerly known as Exego, and now known as GPC Asia Pacific. Our 434 stores now operating in Australia and New Zealand were consolidated into our results on April 1, and this business performed as expected throughout the second quarter. We have an outstanding management team on the ground and we are pleased with the progress we see in their growth strategy. Our expectation is continued growth in this business over the balance of 2013. Turning to our North American automotive business. Our team delivered a 6% sales increase in the second quarter. This 6% growth includes approximately a 2% benefit from 1 month of Quaker City Motor Parts revenues. As many of you will recall, we acquired this business back on May 1 of 2012. Our total automotive business, including the acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific, grew 22%. Our North American 6% revenue growth in the second quarter includes comp store sales growth of 4.5%, which is an improvement from relatively flat sales comps posted in the first quarter. These favorable results were driven by our commercial business. However, our team also made solid strides with our retail business in the quarter. Within our U.S. company-owned store group, the commercial side of our business ended the quarter up 6%. This represents our strongest performance since Q1 of 2012. Diving deeper into the results, our non fleet-related business turned in a strong quarter, generating an 8% increase. This segment was supported by high single-digit growth from our approximately 15,000 NAPA AutoCare centers, which we're proud to announce is at an all-time high record number. Our major account group also grew high single-digits and was a major contributor to our overall commercial growth. Our fleet business grew 3% and reversed the trend we had seen of declining sales in recent quarters. Our wholesale average ticket value increased low single-digit and our average number of tickets was up mid single-digits in this segment of our business. We are very encouraged by both of these sales trends. Now let's turn to our retail business. We saw significant improvement over our recent quarterly performance. After reporting a mid single-digit sales decrease in the first quarter, we are pleased to report our team drove positive sales growth in the second quarter. Our average retail dollar invoice was up low single-digits for the quarter, while our average number of invoices was flat, which again has improved from recent quarters. As mentioned in our last call, our team has a number of initiatives in the works to drive our retail sales efforts, and while it's still early in the process, it appears our team is on the right track. From a product category standpoint, we continue to see strong sales in our Electrical category, primarily driven by our battery business. We'd like to take this opportunity to give a quick plug for our Get Back, Give Back battery promo, currently running in the month of July in support of the Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund. Our corporate-wide goal is to raise money and awareness in support of our returning military veterans. So in addition to our strong battery business, we are seeing solid growth from our heavy-duty product category as well as our tool and equipment offering. An additional positive product trend is our improved sales in our all-important brake business. This is significant as we experienced slowing in this critical category in 2012, and only began to see a modest recovery in the first quarter of 2013. It would appear that our team's efforts to get this business back on track have taken hold. Now a few comments regarding the overall state of the automotive aftermarket. We continue to believe the fundamentals of the aftermarket remain positive. This theory was tested during the prior 4 quarters, but as expected, the overall stable vehicle population, combined with the growing number of older vehicles, bodes well for ongoing and increased demand in the aftermarket. Our automotive business is well-positioned to capture our fair share of this increased demand. So in summary, both our North American and our Australian and New Zealand automotive operations turned in solid results in the second quarter, and more importantly, provide us ample growth opportunity through the remainder of 2013. We remain positive about the core fundamentals of our industry and our management team remains focused on driving positive growth for the balance of the year. We are encouraged by the renewed strength in our commercial segment and the growth we experienced in our retail business this past quarter. We'd like to personally thank all of our NAPA associates throughout North America for their strong efforts in the second quarter, and we'd like to give a special welcome to our new associates in Australia and New Zealand. So that completes our overview of the automotive business in the second quarter. And at this time, I'll hand it over to Carol to get us started with our review of the financial results. Carol?
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We'll get started with a review of our second quarter and 6 months income statement and the segment information, and we'll also review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up and then we'll open the call up to your questions. To start off with, please note that any reference to our June 30 second quarter and year-to-date consolidated results include GPC Asia Pacific, which we acquired on April 1 of this year. In association with the acquisition of the remaining 70% in GPC Asia Pacific, we are required to revalue our original 30% investment. This remeasurement, net of certain onetime purchase accounting cost, amounted to a positive pretax adjustment of approximately $36 million reported -- recorded in the second quarter. In accounting for this adjustment, approximately $18 million in costs were reported to cost of goods sold and a $54 million gain, net of expenses, was recorded to selling, administrative and other expenses on our income statement. Additionally, the $36 million net adjustment is included in the Other net line on our segment information sheet. The $36 million net adjustment, combined with the lower tax rate for the remeasurement, favorably impacted diluted earnings per share by $0.22. Now turning to our income statement, total sales were a record high of $3.7 billion for the second quarter, an increase of 10% from last year, as Tom mentioned. For the 6 months, total sales of $6.9 billion were up 5% from 2012. And overall, we remain optimistic in our outlook for future sales growth. Our gross profit for the second quarter was 30.1% of sales, up from the 29.1% of sales last year. And for the 6 months, gross margin of 29.5% is up from the 29.0% for the same period last year. Our improvement in gross margin is primarily due to the favorable impact of higher gross margins in our Australasian business, which owns 100% of its stores. Additionally, our core gross margin was up slightly from the second quarter last year, which we were very pleased to see. These increases were partially offset by the $18 million onetime purchase accounting adjustment, as we referenced earlier, which relates to the Australasian inventory valuation. Gross margin for the second quarter would have been 30.6% before the impact of these onetime costs. And looking ahead, we would currently expect our gross margin to trend toward the 30% range. As an additional point of interest, we continue to see very little inflation in our businesses. Our year-to-date 2013 cumulative pricing is down 0.3% in Automotive, up 0.6% in Industrial, up 0.5% in Office, and up 1% for Electrical. Turning to our SG&A, our total expenses were $790 million in the second quarter, which is up 12% from 2012, and at 21.5% of sales. For the 6 months, our total SG&A expenses were $1.5 billion, up 7%, and at 21.7% of sales. Our SG&A expenses as a percent of sales are up 40 and 30 basis points for the quarter and 6 months, respectively. These increases reflect the impact of higher SG&A expenses at GPC Asia Pacific, again due to their 100% owned store model, as well as a decrease in leverage associated with our nonautomotive businesses. These increases were partially offset by the onetime net gain recorded to SG&A, as we previously discussed. Excluding this positive adjustment, SG&A as a percentage of sales was 23.0% for the second quarter, and 22.5% for the 6 months. We will continue to work to control our costs through several measures, including ongoing investments in technology, which have positively impacted our operating efficiencies in our distribution centers and stores, as well as supply chain initiatives in areas such as freight and logistics. Now let's discuss the segment results. Our Automotive revenue for the second quarter was $2.01 billion and represents 54% of total sales and is up 22.3%. Our operating profit of $186.4 million is up 21.8%, and their margin is even with last year at 9.3%. For the 6 months, our Automotive sales of $3.56 billion, which represents 52% of the total, is up 13%. Our operating profit of $307.4 million is up 15%, so the margin is up 10 basis points to 8.6% from the 8.5%, which we're very pleased to report. Our Industrial Group had sales of $1.13 billion in the quarter. This represents 31% of our revenue and a decrease of 0.6%. Our operating profit of $88.9 million is down 6.5%, so we saw the industrial margin decrease from 7.9% -- or down to 7.9% from 8.3%. Through June, our Industrial sales of $2.23 billion were down 1%, and our operating profit of $167.8 million was down 6.5%, so their margin was down 40 basis points to 7.5% from 7.9%, primarily due to the sales decrease. Our Office Products have revenues of $402.3 million, which is 11% of our total sales, down 2.7% for the quarter. Our operating profit of $29.8 million is also down 3%, so their margin held steady at 7.4%, which is very good operating. Year-to-date, Office sales of $822.4 million, representing 12% of our revenues, are down 2%, and their operating profit of $63 million, which is down 7.6%, with margins going to 7.7% versus 8.1% last year, which is down 40 basis points, again to due to the sales decline. The Electrical Group had sales in the quarter of $143 million, and that's 4% of the total revenue and down 4.3%. Their operating profit of $12.2 million was down 5.5%, so their margin came down slightly to 8.5%. For the year, Electrical sales were $282 million, representing 4% of our revenue, and down 5%. Their operating profit of $22.7 million is down 9%, and again, their margin is down 40 basis points to 8.0% from the 8.4%, due to the sales decline. So our total operating profit was up approximately 9% in the second quarter and our operating margin decreased slightly to 8.6%. This follows a similar decrease in the first quarter, and for the 6 months, our total operating margin of 8.2% is down from the 8.3% for the same period in the prior year. The slight decline in our operating margins thus far in 2013 continues to reflect the impact of our weak sales conditions in our nonautomotive businesses. The operating margins at GPC Asia Pacific were in line with our core automotive business as expected. We remain committed to expanding our operating margin over the balance of the year through our ongoing initiatives. We had net interest expense of $7.9 million in the second quarter. Year-to-date, our interest expense was $11.2 million. Our interest for the quarter was up from 2012, due to the increase in our total debt. Based on our current projections, we expect net interest expense of approximately $26 million to $28 million for 2013. This has slightly improved from our prior guidance of $30 million for the year. Our total amortization expense was approximately $9 million for the second quarter and is $12.8 million for the 6 months. This is up from last year due to the Quaker acquisition last May, and April's acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific. We expect our amortization to trend in line with the second quarter amount over the balance of the year. The other line, which reflects corporate expense, was $14.3 million in income for the second quarter and is essentially flat for the 6 months. As we discussed earlier, this line reflects the net favorable purchase accounting adjustment of $36 million. Including this line item, we would project our corporate expense to be in the $25 million to $35 million expense range for the full year. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 31.3%, which has improved from the 36.9% last year. For the 6 months, our 32.8% rate compares to the 36.5% for the same period the prior year. The improved rate for the quarter and the year primarily reflects the favorable tax rate on our gain generated by the remeasurement of our 30% investment in GPC Asia Pacific. In addition, our current tax rate reflects the favorable impact of the lower Australian and New Zealand tax rates applied to their earnings. For the third and fourth quarters, we expect our tax rate to approximate 36%, which would give us an annual rate of 34.5% to 35% for 2013. Our net income for the quarter was $216.4 million or up 28%, and our EPS of $1.39 compared to $1.08 was up 29%. For the year through June, our net income of $360.7 million is up 15%, and our EPS of $2.31 compared to $2.01 is also up 15%. Without the one-time adjustments recorded in the second quarter, our EPS of $1.17 was up 8% and a new record for us. And for the year, the EPS is $2.09 without the adjustment, or up 4%. Now let's discuss some of the balance sheet items starting with cash. Cash at June 30 was $197 million, which is up slightly from last June, although down from year end and also down from first quarter. This is due to the April 1 payment for GPC Asia Pacific. We will continue to generate strong cash flows, and as a result of the increase in our earnings, effective working capital and asset management and cost containment measures. Our accounts receivable of $1.8 billion at June 30 increased 10% from the same period in 2012 on a 10% sales increase for the quarter. Excluding the receivables at GPC Asia Pacific, our accounts receivables were up 4%. Our goal is to grow receivables at a rate less than the revenue growth, so we have a little work to do in this area, but we remain focused on meeting this goal in the periods ahead. We're very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at quarter end was $2.8 billion, which is up 11% from June 30 last year and primarily due to the GPC Asia Pacific inventory added at the beginning of the quarter. Excluding the impact of Australasia, our inventory is up just 1% from last year. So our team is doing a very good job of managing our inventory levels and we remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move to the balance of 2013. Our accounts payable balance at June 30 was $2.1 billion, up 29% from June 30 of last year. Excluding the impact of GPC Asia Pacific, our payables were up 21%. Our ongoing growth and trade payables reflects the positive impact of our extended payment terms and other payables initiatives established with our vendors. We're very encouraged with our improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital and days and payables. Our working capital of $1.8 billion at June 30 is down approximately 26% from June of 2012. This is primarily due to the increase in our current debt in 2013. Excluding our current debt, our working capital is up less than 1% from last year. Effectively managing accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable is a very high priority for our company and our ongoing efforts with these key accounts have resulted in tremendous improvement in our working capital position and our cash flow. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at June 30, 2013. Our total debt of $900 million at June 30 of 2013 includes 2 $250 million term notes, which we've carried for some time now, as well as another $400 million borrowings that are under our multicurrency syndicated credit facility agreement and also borrowings at GPC Asia Pacific. This adds to total debt to total capitalization of approximately 23% at June 30, which is consistent with March 31, and up from the 15% at June 30 last year. We're comfortable with our capital structure at this time and we currently expect to maintain this level of debt over the balance of the year. It's worth adding here that we do intend to renew the $250 million term note that is due November 30 of 2013. While not finalized, we expect to extend this debt for 10 years at a 2.99% fixed interest rate, thus replacing the 4.67% interest rate on the current note with more favorable terms. We expect the renewal to become effective on November 30 of 2013. As we stated earlier, we continue to generate solid cash flows and we expect another very strong year in 2013. For the 6 months through June, our cash from operations was approximately $467 million. For the full year, we would currently project cash from operations to exceed $900 million. Likewise, we expect free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends, to be in the $500 million range. The continued strength of our cash flows is encouraging and we remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for the cash is the dividend, which we paid every year since going public in 1948, and have now raised for 57 consecutive years. This is a record that continues to distinguish Genuine Parts from other companies. Our annual dividend of $2.15 a share for 2013 represents a 9% increase from the $1.98 paid in 2012, and is approximately 52% of our 2012 earnings per share, which is well within our goal of a 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment and capital expenditures was $37.9 million for the second quarter, up from $34.5 million in the prior year. For the 6 months, capital spending totaled $50.8 million, which is relatively in line with the 6 months in 2012. We expect our capital expenditures for the full year to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million, which is an increase from the $102 million in the prior year due to the addition of GPC Asia Pacific as well as some anticipated expenditures in our North American businesses. The vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Our depreciation and amortization was $36.9 million in the quarter, up from $24.7 million for the second quarter in 2012, due to the impact of GPC Asia Pacific. For the year, depreciation and amortization is $62.9 million compared to $47.7 million for the same period in the prior year. We currently anticipate depreciation and amortization to be approximately $135 million to $145 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of our cash for us and are integral to the growth plans for our company. We remain excited about the growth opportunities we see at GPC Asia Pacific and we continue to seek new acquisitions for our businesses to further enhance our prospects for future growth. Generally, we would expect to target those bolt-on types of strategic acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, we have been active in the company's share repurchase program since 1994. And thus far, in 2013, we've purchased approximately 350,000 shares and we have another 11.8 million shares authorized and available for repurchase today. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we would expect to be active in the program in the quarters ahead as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment, and combined with the dividend, provides the best returns our shareholders. In closing, we want to thank all of our GPC associates for their hard work and dedication to their jobs and the success of Genuine Parts Company. We've seen these same tremendous effort from the team at GPC Asia Pacific and we welcome them to the family. We also want to thank them for such a great job during this transitionary period. The progress we achieved in the quarter was due to the collective efforts of the entire GPC team and it's much appreciated. Looking ahead, the company is well-positioned to generate continued sales and earnings growth over the balance of the year. And as always, we will support our growth with strong cash flow, a healthy balance sheet and further maximizing our return to shareholders. That concludes our financial review and I'll now turn it back over to Tom.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, thank you, Paul and Carol, for your updates. Well done in each case, as usual. So that's a recap on our second quarter results. And as we look back over the quarter, we feel that our folks made good progress in a number of key areas. Our sales and earnings set new quarterly records with and without the impact of acquisitions. On the balance sheet, accounts receivable and inventory were managed well and accounts payable continue to trend in the right direction. Cash from operations improved nicely and working capital efficiency improved as well. On the revenue side, it's clear that our Automotive segment is the bright spot for us right now. The Automotive operation showed good sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2, both with and without about the acquisition impact. We are pleased with the progress being made in this segment and we feel that the prior full year -- revenue guidance of plus 5% to plus 7% without acquisition volume, and plus 18% to 20% with the GPC Asia Pacific volume, remains appropriate at this time. And we think that this would represent a solid performance from our automotive team. Our challenges right now are more concentrated in our nonautomotive operations. End market conditions in each of these segments remain challenging. And while we do expect to see second half revenues to improve somewhat compared to first half, we think that it's appropriate to trim our prior full year revenue guidance for each of these businesses. In our prior guidance for Industrial, we said that revenues for the year would be up 4% to 6%, and currently, we think it's more appropriate to say that they're going to be up 1% to 3%. Prior, we had guided for Electrical/Electronic to be up 4% to 6% as well, and now we'd say even to up 2%. And prior guidance for Office Products was up 1% to up 3%, and currently, we would say it's down 1% to plus 1%. In putting all of this together, we give GPC a full year sales increase of plus 9% to plus 10%. On the earnings side, our prior guidance was for an EPS range of $4.45 to $4.60. And at this point, we think it appropriate to raise the bottom end of the guidance to $4.50. This would give us a new range of $4.50 to $4.60 with a bit of a bias toward the mid to lower end of the range until we see how the overall economy performs in the second half of the year. And this will give us an EPS increase of 9% to 11% for the year, and we want to remind you that we did have a pension curtailment gain in the fourth quarter of last year that was $0.09 per share. And if we back this out, the gain -- the increase for the EPS will be up 11% to up 14% without that onetime gain that last year. So with all of that said, at this time, we'd like to take your questions. And we'll turn the call back over to Jasmine.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Gober from Morgan Stanley.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Paul, just a quick one for you on the automotive business. Just curious if you could talk at all about either the monthly cadence within the quarter. I know you'd said at the last quarter that you're starting to see some green shoots. Just curious if that scaled throughout the quarter or if it was relatively even? And then, I guess, a follow-on to that also, if you're seeing any -- what you're seeing in terms of regionality. I know, obviously, there was -- for the better part of last year, you had some significant differences across regions and just curious if you're seeing that reversers, have you seen different regions normalized in the automotive business?
Paul D. Donahue: Yes, great question, David. And let me take the first one regarding the trending throughout the quarter. The quarter actually strengthened as we moved through the quarter. So May was a bit better than April. And on a per day basis, June was a bit better than May. So we do remain encouraged by what we're seeing in automotive and we're encouraged by the trend that we're seeing. In terms of regionality, David, we did see -- if you recall, in our previous calls, we were challenged, as I think many were, in the Midwest, Eastern, central parts of the country. We have seen that area of the country. Certainly, the East and the Midwest have come back strong. The Southwest has been a good performer for us last couple of years. They continue to do well. And the rest of the country is pretty much performing as we expected.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. And Tom or Carol, I guess, just on the overall EPS guidance, I just wanted to confirm that that includes the $0.22 benefit from the recast on the Exego deal? And just curious if that also was kind of contemplated in the prior guidance?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes, it does include that. And yes, it was contemplated in the prior guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scot Ciccarelli. Just one more clarification on the EPS. Does that include the gain as well or just kind of the run rate of Exego?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It includes the gain. And the $4.50 to $4.60 is an all-in number.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But you didn't previously anticipate the $0.22 gain when we got the original $4.45 to $4.60, correct?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, we anticipated that it would be a gain. And it might be instructive just to say that you're probably familiar with the accounting on this. And we had a higher range and a low range on the anticipated gain and it's a very complicated process, and you can't narrow it down until you get to the very last moment. And we tried to take an appropriate look at it when we gave you that prior guidance. And as it turns out, we were reasonably close with what it actually turned out to be.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then, regarding the comments about kind of gross margin SG&A run rates, I guess, is there anything that's impacting maybe that little bit of a shift that we've seen to higher gross margin and higher SG&A other than the Asia Pacific business or is that -- it really center on that?
Carol B. Yancey: Well, so we gave you the onetime amounts that are in both of those numbers. So taking those into account, what we would say that our gross margins, our core gross margins were up slightly, excluding the impact of GPC Asia Pacific and the onetime adjustments. And SG&A, because of the decline in the sales in the nonautomotive businesses, our SG&A, really, we didn't have the improvement there and that's the loss of leverage and you see that in the operating margins. So what we're saying on a go-forward basis is you are going to see just a slight shift there, if you will, that's due to GPC Asia Pacific, but we're going to continue to focus on our normal improvements in both of those lines.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One question on the Office Products business. If you could comment on the divergence between the Megas and the independents and sort of the nature of the business you do with those 2 channels and what you think might be leading to that? Is that a function of their end markets? Is it a function of your role with respect to channels? Any color you could give there would be terrific.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, just as a reminder, Matt, the independent channel was down mid single-digit and the Mega Channel was up mid single-digit. And we've seen variations in this over time and we can go back 1 year or 2 and see that the independents may have been growing at a little faster rate with us than the Mega Channel. So it does undulate a bit up and down, just depending upon the circumstance. At this point, I would say that the independents, as a general statement, the independents that seem to be doing reasonably well right now have embraced some of the newer things that S.P. Richards has been introducing. So as for instance, the independents that have embraced, in a big way, the cleaning and breakroom category are enjoying pretty good revenue growth with that. And of course, we benefit from that. And the same thing could be said for the Megas as well. As you know, they've embraced some of the new growth opportunities also. Those independents that have a strong presence on the Internet, I think, as a general statement, would be doing a little bit better than those independents that don't have a strong presence on the Internet. So it varies depending upon the particular circumstance of the independent channel. I was just at a meeting where S.P. Richards had a number of their independent customers in attendance. And I'd have to say that I was encouraged by the determination that I heard from the number that I got to talk with. And while they're not happy with where they find themselves as a general statement through midyear, many of them have a little bit of optimism for the second half of the year and they're determined to embrace some of these things that they know can enhance the revenue growth in the quarters ahead.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have 2 quick ones on Automotive. One is operational and one is financial. The operational one, I'll address to Paul. So you're showing very nice transaction growth, particularly in commercial. And interested in what your sense of the source of that is. Is that market growth, for clearly the market has improved to some degree? Or in your view, is that market share growth for the NAPA franchise?
Paul D. Donahue: I would think a little bit of both, Matt. As I mentioned in my comment are 2 key initiatives for us certainly is our AutoCare business, and as I mentioned, we had a record number of AutoCares in the past quarter. And our major account business has bounced back nicely. So those 2 areas have grown nicely and I think will continue to do so. So that certainly is driving our overall commercial business.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And are the major accounts typically large jobber chains and such, or is it fleet customers? Who typically is the population in that group?
Paul D. Donahue: So when we talk about major accounts, Matt, our key partners in that world are folks like Firestone, Goodyear, Tire Kingdom, Midas, AAA, certainly.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's great. And then, finally, just to think about the $0.22 of the accounting adjustment, and then, what I think is separate, which is the accretion associated with the Exego deal that you discussed at the outset of the year, and correct me if I'm wrong, I think it was a $0.15 to $0.20 number, just to make sure that those are 2 different numbers, the accretion from Exego is exclusive of that $0.22 number?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, it's inclusive of that number, Matt. We tried to bake that in when we gave you some guidance at the time of the transaction.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So the assumption then that the -- if you sort of exclude the accounting adjustment that if you think about the -- if you think about on an operating basis, if you will, it's more a breakeven kind of transaction with, I guess, potential to get more accretive over time?
Carol B. Yancey: No. One thing to keep in mind is when we did our original guidance, when we assumed we were going to have a 30% investment for the full year, we had given an EPS guidance. And then we came in and said we're going to do the 70%. And we put in an incremental amount. But there was already some amount in the beginning number, if you will, but the $0.15 to $0.20 was a range of the incremental amount adding in the 70% and knowing we already had something in there for the 30%, but it's not a breakeven. In fact, it's -- the $0.15 to $0.20 range for the 9 months were just what their operating numbers are. It's pretty close to what it is.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the remeasurement, if you will, and it might be too detailed for this call, but I think we're all getting some questions on this. Is this a reassessment of the value of the original investment? Kind of what drives that remeasurement process? I understand you have to do it, but what's the nature of the assessment?
Carol B. Yancey: So the 30% investment, there's purchase accounting rules and we're happy to have Sid go into more of this with you later. But the purchase accounting rules cause you to have a fair value valuation done by a third-party independent valuation firm. And they look at a lot of market metrics and they look at the results of the company and they look at a lot of different variables and it's a very in-depth process. So it's a fair value valuation of that original 30% that was $166 million, and you revalue it to the April 1 date.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani from ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask in automotive 2 questions. The first one is, was there any impact from holiday shift, either good or bad this quarter? I know that you mentioned it was a headwind last quarter. So is that actually a tailwind or neutral? And then, secondly, on the margins within automotive, they were down slightly, but if you were to exclude Exego from that with the core, North American margin actually have been up?
Paul D. Donahue: I'll take the first one first, Michael. Certainly, Easter having a shift into the first quarter, the Easter holiday, that negatively impacted our numbers in Q1. So I think you could then surmise that it was a tailwind for our Q2 numbers. And the second question regarding our margin performance, I'm going to have Carol address that because I'm not sure I understood what your question was.
Carol B. Yancey: So if you recall, in the first quarter, our Automotive margins were up 10 basis points. And then, this quarter, we're showing a really strong 9.3%, and they were flat. And for the 6 months, we're still able to show 10 basis point improvement. And what we would say is just for the quarter, our core business probably was up slightly. But we're saying, on a full year comparative basis, margins for GPC Asia Pacific are very similar to our normal business, our core business. You could have some differences quarter-to-quarter because if you -- you may or may not know, but their quarters are completely opposite of ours. So our second and third quarters here in the U.S. are our strongest throughput quarters. And these are pretty high operating margins for second and third quarters. But for Australia, it's the reverse on their quarters. So their stronger quarters are first and fourth.
Thomas C. Gallagher: They're in the southern hemisphere and have the flip in terms of the seasonality.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. So seasonality has an impact. That's helpful. And maybe the last one, which is for Tom, which is the industrial guidance of up 1% to 3% sort of versus the year-to-date trend seems to imply an assumption that the business could be up maybe in the 3% to 4% range in the next 2 quarters. Is there anything in particular that's driving that outlook, whether it be different initiatives that you have or a thought that inflation might pick up a bit? Or how are you guys looking at that outlook?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think we'd start with making the point that you may recall that at the end of the first 2 quarters last year, our industrial business was up 10%. And we ended the year up 7%. So we saw some deceleration in the second half of 2012. So the comps get a little easier. And then, I think, as I mentioned in my comments, some of the challenges that we have in the original equipment manufacturer segment, we're going to anniversary some of that, and here again, the comps get, I think, a little easier for us. And then we've got specific initiatives that are underway that we think could generate some incremental volume in the second half of the year. So it's a combination of factors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Following up on a couple of questions. So first in the auto business, on the DIY side, you mentioned the business was up low single-digits in the quarter. Is that a comp number or does that include maybe 100 basis points for the extra -- the Easter shift? Is that the right way to think about it? And then, as you think about it going forward, how do you think about the growth in this business? Clearly, spring got pulled forward last year out of the second quarter. You would think you would get a lift here in the second quarter of it just going back. Do you think sort of plus low single-digits is the right trend for the back half of the year in DIY?
Paul D. Donahue: So Chris, your first question was around the impact of Easter and was that a comp number or did Easter have an impact on our retail number. The way I'm looking at our retail business, Chris, we had a nice bounce back in Q2. And whether that's because Easter was in Q1, it's hard to determine. But I do know this, our retail business rebounded nicely in Q2. And we have a number of initiatives in the works that I do believe are beginning to take hold. And there's no reason to believe that we shouldn't continue that retail growth in Q3 and Q4. Again, we have a number of initiatives in the works and I'm excited with what the team is doing and we're pleased with what we're seeing.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Paul, if I could add to it. Chris, if we look at our retail business, both ticket count and basket size across the 3 months in the quarter, there was a pretty consistent performance on a per day basis across the 3 months in the quarter. So I think that would suggest that maybe we did get to benefit in April from the Easter transition year-over-year. But the May and June numbers, I think, would validate a bit of what Paul is saying and that is the retail business is better. It's not booming by any stretch. But it's better than what it was and we're encouraged by what our team has accomplished on a monthly basis over the course of the quarter.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Perfect. And then, on the brakes side, does it -- can you maybe put some frame out how much is brakes in the NAPA business? What was it down? And did it flip to positive in the second quarter and grow as you talk about the momentum in the business improving throughout the quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I might take the first stab at that, Chris. We don't break out the volumes or percentage of the total volume on any of the product categories. I suggest we just leave it that it's a significant product category for anybody that's in the automotive aftermarket. And in terms of the relative performance, I think the industry was probably down in the brake category this year. And our numbers, if they're indicative of what's happening in the industry is probably a positive through the first half of this year, certainly, we are.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then jumping back to a prior question. So on the Motion side, the compares do get a lot easier as you look at -- into the fourth quarter in getting back to positive. Is that something that's more weighted to later in the year, more of the fourth quarter versus the third quarter as you think about your annual guidance?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes. I think we would expect the fourth quarter to be a bit heavier -- a bit better than the third quarter, at least the way we see it right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo from Bank of America.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question would be, I guess, kind of a housekeeping, if you will. The other revenue line, kind of the offset line for discounts and incentives, seem to be running quite a bit higher than it has over the past several quarters. What's really driving that?
Carol B. Yancey: The increase in that is GPC Asia Pacific. So the sales discounts that we have to show, by putting in their revenue, we had to show the offset on that line. So it's entirely related to GPC Asia Pacific. So the run rate that you see for this quarter will probably be the way that it is for the rest of the year.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then, on the auto side, are there other assets, distribution assets globally that may make sense for you guys? I mean, are there potential acquisitions that are coming to the market or in the market right now?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It very well may. And we're always open to having any discussion. At the end of the day, it's going to really come down to does it make sense for the shareholders of Genuine Parts Company? But yes, we'd be open to continue to have discussions with folks.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. Helpful. And the final question would be on the raw material prices seem to continue to kind of trend lower here. Where in the value chain does this get captured? I mean, do you guys see any benefit from kind of lower input costs?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, the input costs would affect our supply base more than they would us. If, in fact, we see sustained lower input cost, that should theoretically translate into reduced purchase prices and enable us to pass on lower prices to our customers as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I'm still a little confused on the guidance. The previous range, does it include the full $0.22 of the issue we're talking about here in the second quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Keith, we could not quantify precisely what the gain was going to be. We knew there would be a gain. And as I mentioned, we had a range. And when we gave the guidance at the time, we tried to pick what we thought would most closely approximate what actually turned out to be the gain. And we came pretty close in the final analysis. So yes, it includes it. And then, as Carol said, you need to back out from that the 30% equity stake that we had when we set up the guidance for the full year.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: What EPS number is that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't have that here but I'd...
Carol B. Yancey: We didn't give that out. So that was just in our number.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think, if you want really a lot more of the detail, what might make the most sense is if you'll call Sid after this call. He'll be happy to try to walk you through it.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, please. That would be helpful. So I think it looks like, in the back half of the year, you're going to be up low single-digits in terms of EPS. And you gave us the guidance on the revenues by segment, which I average out, it'd be low single-digits, so I assume you're assuming no margin changes despite the weaker forecast on automotive business. Is that fair to say?
Carol B. Yancey: Well, what we're trying to say is that we'd like to have margin improvement. And you may see that on the automotive side, that if on the nonautomotive we don't have the top line growth, you may not have that. So it's -- we would say that margins would be relatively flat to up slightly and that's what we're trying to accomplish.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Keith, one other comment on the EPS improvement. Just keep in mind that we did have the onetime curtailment gain, the pension curtailment gain in Q4 of last year. And that was $0.09 a share. So take that into consideration as you build your model.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan from BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Quick question. As we look at Exego, sort of in a year-over-year standpoint, how did it comp in the quarter, just carving out that Australian business separately?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we don't break out the individual units. But I think Paul mentioned that they performed right at expectation for us in the quarter. So they did a good job.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, in North America, are you seeing any shift in maintenance versus failure parts demand? Are you seeing any reduction in maintenance deferral as we're getting into 2013 middle of the year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I don't know if I'd refer to it as reduction in maintenance deferral. But we do know, based upon Paul's comments, that our major account and our AutoCare business both enjoyed good solid growth, which would suggest perhaps that we're getting some of that repair that's been hanging out there.
Paul D. Donahue: I think, Bret, that's indicative of both categories. I mentioned we had a very strong quarter in our battery business on the failure side, but we also saw nice comeback in our brakes business.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, one last question. I guess not to get too granular, but you mentioned that the business improved as the quarter progressed. And regionally, the Eastern and Midwestern markets that were tough last year were showing improvement. But I guess, if you look at that Atlanta to New England market in June, you certainly had a historically wet month. Do you think you lost anything to the weather in the latter part of the quarter? Or was that really not an impact?
Paul D. Donahue: No. It's interesting, Bret, because I recently read where the month of June across the country was the warmest in many years, but it was also the wettest. And our business in the South and certainly the Mid-Atlantic areas just got pounded with rain in the months. So again, it's difficult to quantify but I have to believe it had an impact on business because people just aren't getting out and working on their cars and visiting the retail stores. So your comments are, I think, dead on.
Operator: We have time for one last question from the line of Brent Rakers from Wunderlich Securities.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: This is actually Anjali Voria for Brent today. If I could just ask a couple of questions on industrial. I think you mentioned earlier your top 10 industry segments, excluding the OEM side, are actually up mid single-digits. I'm curious as to how they performed in Q1, if it accelerated or decelerated from Q1 levels excluding OEM? And whether maybe some of your broad line initiatives are helping these numbers? Outside of your core power transmission fluid power, is your broad line initiative ramping up here? Maybe you could talk about that a little bit.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Sure. We'll take the first part of the question first. And we did see sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. I think, in my comments, I mentioned that we're up mid single-digit in the second quarter in those industry segments, and we were up low single-digit or up low single digit year-to-date. So we did see some sequential improvement. As far as any specific initiatives, we would prefer not to get into those on the call. But I would say that we do have specific initiatives trying to continue to drive revenue in all of the customer categories that we have, as well as all product categories that we have. So that's a significant area of emphasis for us right now.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Did you see any difference in performance in various geographic regions, such as maybe Canada or the Gulf or other parts of the country that saw some variability?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we could say specific differences geographically due to any geographic regions. We would see differences geographically, depending upon how closely aligned they are to some of these OEM customers that I referenced in my comments.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the Office side, I think you noted sequestration as impacting some of the business there. I don't know if you've said in the past, but what is your exposure to the government side or government exposure in your S.P. Richards business?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we don't have any direct exposure because we don't sell direct. We sell only through Office Products resellers. But it's that customer category that would have exposures. So we would have many, many customers that do business at different levels of government, they would do local, state, federal business. And that customer segment at all 3 levels is really being impacted currently.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: And when you look at the -- I know it's a little ways out, but I think the initial Depot-Max combination was approved by shareholders. How do you view the opportunity for wholesale in interim as they consolidate their business? And maybe how do you think things will shake out after the full consolidation is completed? Any thoughts on that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, what we would say is they're both good companies and they're both good customers to S.P. Richards. And I think, as a general statement, if there is overcapacity in the industry, at least at the store level, over the medium and longer term, this will be a good positive for the industry overall and for the companies that we're talking about specifically. As far as more direct impact, I think there are some pluses and some minuses at any combination like this. And certainly, in the very near term, there will probably be some redundant inventories that will be burned off and that might create some headwind to revenue growth. But there'll also be, I think, some opportunities for other customers to find ways to grow their business as we go through this process. And if, in fact, those customers are customers of S.P. Richards, that's a net positive for SPR.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just to jump back to industrial for a second here. When you look at how July has progressed and what the month-to-month progression look like during the quarter, do you have any thoughts on how that's shaking out?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, as far as the second quarter, if we look at it on a per day basis, the month was fairly even as we worked our way through the month. At this point, I think it's too early to make any comments on the July numbers.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn it back over.
Carol B. Yancey: We want to thank everybody for participating in this quarter's call. And we look forward to talking with you with our third quarter release. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Sidney G. Jones - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul D. Donahue - President, Director and President of The US Automotive Parts Group Carol B. Yancey - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Shaun Kolnick - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brooke, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference will be recorded. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Sid Jones, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Jones, you may begin your conference.
Sidney G. Jones: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts first quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and outlook for 2013. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Sid, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Now earlier this morning, we released our first quarter 2013 results. And hopefully, you've had an opportunity to review them. For those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter of $3,199,000,000, which was up 0.6%. Net income was $144.4 million, which was down 1%, and earnings per share were $0.93 this year, which is even with the $0.93 reported for the first quarter last year. As we covered in our year-end conference call, we felt that the first quarter of this year would be our most challenging, largely due to the fact that Q1 of 2012 was our strongest of the year, when sales were up 7% and earnings per share were up 16%, and then partly due to the slowing revenue trend that we saw develop over the second half of last year. Additionally, we have 1 less sales day in Q1 of this year, which equates to about 1.6% of revenue growth. And it's interesting to look at our average daily sales performance over the quarter. We got off to a decent start, with January and February average daily sales being up mid single digit, but then the March average daily sales was relatively flat, consistent with the moderation in overall retail sales, and we ended the quarter with an average daily sales increase of just over 2%. And looking at the sales results by segment, our strongest performance came from Automotive at plus 3.4%. And Paul will cover this in more detail in a moment. Industrial, Electrical and Office Products each had modest sales decreases in the quarter, with Industrial ending the quarter down 2%, Office Products down 1% and Electrical down 5%. And we'll make a few comments about the non-Automotive businesses, starting with Industrial. The first quarter of 2012 was Motion Industries' strongest quarter of the year by far, when they were up 12%, so they were going up against a challenging comparison. However, the 2% decrease in the quarter this year continues a deceleration in our Industrial growth rates that we saw develop over the second half of last year. Among our top 10 customer segments, 6 had increases in the quarter, with automotive, pulp and paper and lumber and wood products showing the strongest results. But then, 4 of our top 10 customer segments were down in the quarter, with equipment and machinery showing the biggest decline, followed by coal, aggregate and cement. Among our top 10 product categories, 4 are showing year-to-date increases, 1 is even and 5 are running behind through the first quarter. So from both a customer and a product standpoint, we're seeing some inconsistency and choppiness in our results, somewhat indicative of the uncertainty and cautiousness that we see among a number of our customers. With that said, however, we remain encouraged by the current levels of both industrial production and capacity utilization indices. Despite the modest drop in March, these have remained relatively constant over the past several months, and they have proven to be a fairly reliable 6 to 9 month leading demand indicator for us. And our expectation is for a gradual improvement in demand for our Industrial business over the remainder of the year. Moving on to EIS, our Electrical/Electronic company, they had a challenging quarter with sales down 5%. The electronic side of the business actually had a very good first quarter, with sales up low double digits. Unfortunately, this is the smallest segment of EIS' business, and their solid results were pulled down by a mid single-digit decrease in electrical and a double-digit decrease in the wire and cable segment. The biggest factor in the electrical segment was a drop-off in demand in the alternative energy sector. And the biggest factor contributing to the wire and cable decrease was a slowdown in the defense contractor business, which we attribute to the near-term impact of sequestration. However, we do see some early signs of improvement in this side of the business. And this, combined with our internal growth initiatives, still give us an expectation of positive growth for the full year from the Electrical/Electronic segment. And finally, a few comments about Office Products. After the 3% sales increase in the fourth quarter of 2012, we were a bit encouraged. And we saw low single-digit average daily sales increases in January and February. However, we experienced a drop-off in March, and we ended the quarter down 1%. Our independent resellers business was down modestly, and our Mega or national account business was flat. From a product perspective, technology and core office supplies had small decreases in the quarter. Furniture was flat, and cleaning and breakroom grew nicely. So from an overall perspective, the office products industry remains quite challenging, and we don't anticipate any material change in the near term. However, at this point, we continue to expect that our Office Products team will deliver a modest sales increase for the full year. So that's a brief overview of our Industrial, Electrical and Office Products businesses. And at this point, I will ask Paul to give you an update on the Automotive operations. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tom. I'd like to add my welcome to each of you this morning. I'm pleased to join Carol and Tom and have the opportunity to provide an update on the first quarter performance of our North American Automotive business. Automotive continues to be the company's largest business segment, and we ended the first quarter with a 3% increase with 1 less day in the month. On a per day basis, it puts us up approximately 5%. Given that the first quarter of 2012 was our strongest sales quarter of the year, then you add in the fact that the Easter holiday fell in the month of March this year, we were not surprised by our results. The 3% revenue growth in the first quarter includes flat comp store sales and continued positive sales contribution from our acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts. Sales to our commercial accounts, the dominant segment of our business, continued to outpace our retail sales. Once again, in the first quarter, our results varied by region of the country, with the traditional cold-weather regions lagging the other regions in the U.S. These cold-weather regions did narrow the gap in the first quarter, and they continue to gain positive momentum as we move through the second quarter. We are approaching our 1-year anniversary of the acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts. Their first quarter sales contributions were in line with our expectations. And we continue to be excited with the growth opportunities the Quaker City team will provide to us in the future. As we mentioned earlier, our commercial business continued to outperform our retail business in the first quarter. Within our company-owned store group, the commercial side of our business ended the quarter up 1%, consistent with our growth in this segment in the previous 3 quarters. Non-fleet-related business performed reasonably well, generating a 3% increase. It was led by solid growth from our 14,000-plus NAPA AutoCare centers and our major account business. The fleet business was off slightly, continuing a trend we have seen in recent quarters. Both our average ticket value and our average number of tickets were relatively flat in this segment of our business for the quarter. Turning to our retail business. The sales environment continues to be challenging. We were down mid single digit in the quarter, which was comparable to our fourth quarter numbers. Our average retail dollar invoice was up slightly for the quarter, while our average number of invoices was down, which again is consistent with prior quarters. And while we're certainly not pleased with these results, we believe they are consistent with retail sales trends, both in the aftermarket and retail in general. Our team has a number of initiatives in the works to address our retail sales and reverse the downward trend we've seen in recent quarters. So as we look ahead to the balance of 2013, we expect to see increased demand in the aftermarket. We are pleased to note that the consistent -- that consistent with the positive momentum in the northern half of the U.S., we are also seeing a pickup in sales with some of our winter-related product categories, such as batteries, rotating electrical and our wiper business. And while our brake business continues to be under pressure, we are encouraged with the improved trends we are seeing -- we're beginning to see in this product category as well. We have said throughout this recent trend of sluggish sales, which dates back to the second quarter of last year, that the lack of winter weather in 2012 would remain a headwind throughout the first quarter. This proved to be the case. We also said that we continue to believe the fundamentals of the aftermarket to be positive, and this has not changed. But first, let's take a look at fuel prices, a key driver for our business. While prices reached a record, record average highs in February, prices came down considerably in the month of March. In the quarter, the average price for a gallon of gasoline came in slightly below first quarter of 2012. Next, the aging vehicle population, now reported to be 11.1 years old, continued growth in the number of older vehicles. And the outlook for miles driven, which saw a 0.5% increase in January after a very challenging December, bodes well for all of us in the aftermarket. And we continue to feel that NAPA is very well positioned to capture its share of this increase in demand generated by these positive trends. So in summary, we believe the North American automotive aftermarket provides us ample growth opportunities for 2013. We remain positive about the core fundamentals of our industry, and our NAPA team remains focused on driving positive growth in the final 3 quarters of the year. So that completes our overview of the Automotive business in the first quarter. And at this time, I'll hand it over to Carol to get us started with our review of the financial results. Carol?
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We'll start this morning with a review of the first quarter income statement and the segment information, and then we'll review some balance sheet items and other financial items. Tom will come back up to wrap it up, and then we'll open the call up to your questions. As we review the income statement, as Tom mentioned, total sales were $3.2 billion for the first quarter, an increase of 0.6% from last year. The sales environment remained challenging for us throughout the quarter. And that said, we remain confident in our growth initiatives and expect to see improving market conditions as the year progresses, which will support stronger sales for us over the balance of the year. Gross profit for the first quarter was 28.8% of sales, down slightly from the first quarter last year, and primarily attributable to the competitive sales environment across all of our businesses. In addition, we're not seeing much of an impact from inflation. Cumulative pricing for the first quarter of 2013 was down 0.4% for Automotive, up 0.5% for Industrial, up 0.4% for Office Products and up 1.2% for Electrical. We recognize the need to improve our gross margins over the balance of the year, and we're committed to this effort. Our ongoing initiatives to effectively manage supply chain costs, increase distribution efficiencies and maximize our pricing potential offer us opportunities to make the progress that we need to see here. This is a high priority for our management team across all of our businesses. Turning to SG&A. Total expenses were $700 million in the first quarter, up 1% from 2002 (sic) [2012], and 21.9% of sales. Our operating expenses as a percentage of sales are up about 15 basis points from the first quarter last year, as we lost some leverage on our expenses for the quarter. However, we continue to control our costs through several measures, including ongoing investments in technology, which has positively impacted the operating efficiencies in our distribution centers and stores, as well as supply chain initiative in areas such as freight and logistics. Overall, our businesses are managing their expenses very well, and we're in a position to show improvement in this area over the balance of the year. Now we will review the results by segment. Automotive revenue was $1.54 billion and represents 48% of sales. It's up 3.4%, as Paul mentioned. Operating profit of $121 million is up 5.7%. So their margin grew 10 basis points to 7.7% from 7.6%. We feel good about this increase on a 3% sales growth. The Industrial Group had revenue of $1.1 billion, and this is 35% of our total sales and a decrease of 1.7%. Operating profit of $78.9 million is down 6.4%. So we saw this group's margin decrease to 7.2% from 7.5% for the quarter. This is primarily related to the decrease in sales. Office Products had revenues of $420.1 million, which is 13% of our total sales and down 1.4%. Operating profit of $33.2 million is down 11.5%, and their margin deteriorated to 7.9% from 8.8%. The Electrical Group had revenue of $139.2 million, and that's 4% of our total sales and down 5.4%. Operating profit of $10.5 million is down 12.7%, so some margin degradation to 7.5% from 8.1% for the Electrical Group, primarily due to the sales decrease. So our total operating profit was down 2% in the first quarter, and our operating profit margin declined by 20 basis points to 7.6%. This follows solid margin improvement in each of the last 3 years. And again, the decrease in the quarter directly correlates to the slower rate of sales growth. The stronger sales that we expect to see over the balance of the year will support the expansion of our operating margins. We had net interest expense of $3.4 million in the first quarter, which is down from 2002 (sic) [2012], due mainly to the interest income earned on the increase in cash for the period. Much of this cash was used for the Exego acquisition that we completed earlier this month. And after combining our debt with Exego, we expect net interest expense of approximately $30 million for 2013. Total amortization expense was approximately $3.8 million for the first quarter, which is consistent with the fourth quarter of 2012, but up from last year due to the Quaker City acquisition. Likewise, our amortization costs will also increase beginning in the second quarter due to the Exego acquisition. The other line, which represents corporate expense, was $14.3 million expense for the quarter, and that's up from the $13.4 million in the first quarter of last year. We currently project our corporate expense to remain relatively in line with 2012 over the balance of 2013. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 35%, which has improved from the 35.9% last year. We expect our full year tax rate for 2013 to remain at approximately 35% due to the favorable impact of the lower Australian tax rate. Net income for the quarter was $144.4 million, down 1%. And EPS of $0.93 was flat with the first quarter of 2012. Now I'll discuss a few key balance sheet items. Our cash at March 31 was strong at $842 million, which is up significantly from last year. About half of our March 31 cash balance relates to the incremental borrowings necessary to cover the April 1 acquisition of Exego. Without these funds, our cash on hand was relatively consistent with both March and December of last year, and we would expect to return to these more normal levels of cash in the quarters ahead. Accounts receivable of $1.6 billion at March 31 increased 1% from the same period in 2012 on a 0.6% sales increase for the quarter. Our goal is to grow receivables at a rate less than the revenue growth, so we're relatively pleased with this level of receivables. We will remain focused on this area throughout the year, and we're very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Our inventory at March 31 was $2.6 billion. That's down approximately $42 million or 2% from 12/31, and it's up approximately 5% compared to March 31. The increase from last March relates to the impact of our acquisitions in 2012, and our inventory was basically flat when you break that out. Our team is doing a very good job of managing our inventory levels, and we remained focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we moved into 2013. Our accounts payable balance at March 31 was $1.8 billion. That's up 15% from March 31 of last year. The significant increase in trade payables again this year reflects the ongoing and positive impact of our extended payment terms and other payable initiatives negotiated with our vendors. We're very encouraged with the improvement in this area and its positive impact on our working capital and days payable. Working capital of $2.3 billion at March 31 is down approximately 12% from March 2012 as reported, and is down 3% on a comparative basis after adding back the current debt. Effectively managing accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable is a very high priority for our company. And our ongoing efforts with these key accounts have resulted in tremendous improvement in our working capital position and cash flow. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at March 31. Our debt at March 31, 2013, includes the $500 million in term debt which we've carried for some time now, as well as another $415 million in borrowings under our new multicurrency syndicated credit facility. As stated earlier, the new borrowings relate to the cash transfer this month for the closing of Exego, and that brings our total debt to approximately $915 million at the end of the quarter. This translates in total debt to total capitalization of 23% at the end of the quarter, which is up from 15% at March 31 last year. Looking ahead, we expect our debt to increase by approximately $200 million in the second quarter upon the consolidation with Exego. This will bring our total debt to approximately $1.1 billion and our total debt to capitalization to around 25%. We would add that although we're comfortable with this level of debt in the near term, we will likely use our strong cash flows to reduce our incremental borrowings over time, although we have no exact timetable to do this. In the first quarter of 2013, our cash from operations reached over $116 million. And for the full year, we currently project cash from operations to reach approximately $800 million to $850 million. We expect free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividends, to be in the $400 million to the $425 million range. The continued strength of our cash flows is encouraging, and we remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority is the dividend, which we have paid every year since going public in 1948 and we've now raised for 57 consecutive years, a record that continues to distinguish Genuine Parts from other companies. Our annual dividend of $2.15 per share for 2013 represents a 9% increase from the $1.98 per share paid in 2012. And it's approximately 52% of our 2002 -- 2012 earnings per share, which is well within our goal of a 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment in CapEx was $13 million for the first quarter, down from $17 million in 2012. For the full year, we expect our CapEx to be in the range of $140 million to $160 million, which is an increase from the prior year amount of $102 million. Much of this increase relates to the planned expenditures for Exego over the balance of the year, although we did have an increase in our ongoing operations as well. We would add that the vast majority of our investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization was $26 million for the quarter, which is consistent with the fourth quarter but up from the first quarter last year, primarily due to the amortization cost. We anticipate depreciation and amortization to be approximately $145 million to $155 million for the full year, which also includes the addition of Exego. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of our cash and are integral to the growth plans for the company. We're excited about the growth opportunities we see at Exego, and we will remain active in seeking new acquisitions for our businesses over the remainder of 2013. Generally, we would expect to target those bolt-on types of strategic acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, we have been active in the company's share repurchase program since 1994. And although we bought minimal shares in the first quarter, we did purchase 1.4 million shares in 2012, and we have another 12 million shares authorized and available for repurchase today. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but would expect to be active in the program over the balance of 2013. We continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and, combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. In closing, we want to thank all of our GPC associates for their hard work and dedication to their jobs and the success of Genuine Parts Company. The first quarter presented its challenges, but the GPC team worked harder than ever. We're confident the hard work will pay off. The company is well positioned to generate stronger sales and earnings growth over the balance of the year. And as always, we will support our growth with strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet, further maximizing our return to shareholders. That concludes our financial review today, and I'll now turn it over to Tom.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and Paul, for your updates. So that's a recap of our first quarter performance. As mentioned earlier, going back to the beginning of the year, we felt that the first quarter was going to be a challenge for us, and that certainly proved to be the case. However, with that said, we continue to feel good about our prospects over the remainder of the year. And in fact, would like to reaffirm the guidance that was provided in our March 11 call. And our expectation for the full year is revenue increase in the 10% to 12% range and earnings per share to be in the $4.45 to $4.60 range. As a reminder, these figures include the recent completion of our Exego acquisition. And achieving these results would be a solid performance from the GPC team, in our opinion, and we look forward to updating these figures as the year progresses. At this point, I would like to address your questions and will turn the call back over to Brooke.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Murphy, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was just curious, can we look at the CapEx for the first quarter? It was relatively low versus the run rate you were looking at for the full -- your full year. And $140 million to $160 million might be a little bit higher than we were modeling. And I'm just curious, is that a step up that could step down in the coming years? I'm just trying to understand where that might be in out years.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, we do. With our business, we do look at stepping that number down if we need to. And we were going to have an increase even without Exego this year because we do have several technology projects that are helping our distribution centers and our stores be more productive. So originally, we had stepped that number up from about $100 million to $115 million to $130 million. And then with Exego, we stepped it up just a little bit more. So that's probably a pretty good run rate. But again, we can adjust that number as need be. But we will continue to reinvest in our businesses with technologies.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then a second question. I mean, it looks like auto is doing -- is performing pretty well. But if we look at the other 3 segments -- I know we're looking at some tough comps. But as we progress through the year, you clearly have some sort of comfort and confidence that things are going to improve. I'm just curious if there's anything you're seeing in the market right now or what you saw in January and February that made March an aberration, makes you comfortable sticking with your current guidance of some small improvement through the course of the year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: John, we do in fact see some improvement. It's early in April yet, but the mid-month figures are more in line on a per day basis with what we saw in January and February. And as I said, it is early, but we're hoping that what we saw in March truly was an aberration. And with that said, also, each of our management teams has got some very specific and focused initiatives to try to continue to drive revenue improvements.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, as we look at pricing and your ability to pass through price increases and pricing sort of in the end market. I'm just wondering if you could comment on that in the first quarter, and what you're expecting through the remainder of the year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We saw, as Carol mentioned, we saw some deflation in the Automotive side of the business in the first quarter. We saw a very modest inflation in both Office Products and in Industrial. And we saw just over 1% in the Electrical side. As far as our ability to pass them on, you may recall that in Automotive, when we get a price increase, we implement a price increase. In the case of Industrial, we do have some contractual arrangements, so where we have a pricing window is where we can implement those price increases. But I think, as a general statement, it would be fair to say that we're comfortable with the fact that we can pass any price increase along as long as we adhere to those pricing windows that are contractually negotiated. As far as the remainder of the year, our outlook right now would be for very modest price increases over the remainder of the year. We don't see any indication at this point that there's going to be a significant push for price increases from our vendor community across each of the businesses. And certainly, we're not going to take one if we don't feel we can maintain our competitive positioning in the marketplace.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then truly, just the last question. Carol, I mean, as we look at the balance sheet, I mean, 25% debt to cap, as you indicated you'd be once Exego is fully closed and consolidated, really does not appear that aggressive at all and still fairly conservative. But it sounds like you still kind of want to step back on that debt to cap number over time. I mean, is your philosophy going to be, as the CFO, and Tom, obviously, as the CEO, you're weighing in on this too, is of course -- but that you could potentially run with a little bit more debt than you have historically? Or do you want to get back to sort of that mid-teens debt to cap number? Is that sort of your target? I'm just trying to understand sort of your thought process on the debt that you're taking on here.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, John, I'll take the first stab at that, and then Carol can help me out. And I would say that -- keep in mind that at one point, we were in the low-to-mid 30s with debt to total cap. And while we are not uncomfortable at that level, we found that it made more sense for us to pay that down and to use the cash to remove that debt. As we go forward, we'll pay the debt down unless we find a higher and better use of the money for shareholder value creation. So we're not adverse to carrying more debt than we have the last few years. But at the same time, we think it has to make good long-term sense for the shareholders of Genuine Parts Company.
Carol B. Yancey: And I guess we're going to continue -- as we continue to support our priorities for cash, as we talked about, our cash flows have been just really strong lately, and we still see some improvement there. So if we can continue to support our dividends, share repurchases, strategic bolt-on acquisitions and our CapEx and then still be able to work on paying down that debt, then that's what we plan to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Focus on the auto side of the house. Can you just clarify how you think about, x the day shift, what the trend looked in January, February and March? You mentioned that April is better. Do you think, with the northern regions and some of the cold-weather categories, I mean, do think that could simply be an anniversary of easier compares? Or do you think that some of the fundamentals are improving as well?
Paul D. Donahue: Chris, I'll take a shot at it. This is Paul. The -- and I'll start with your last question first. When you talk about the -- our northern divisions, which for us is comprised pretty much of the Eastern, the Central and the Midwestern, we have seen improvement in the first quarter of about 300 basis points from where they were tracking in Q3 and Q4. So we are pleased to see some progress with those groups. And we're seeing it even hold as we go into April, as well. So we're feeling better about that group. And then you asked, Chris, about the average daily sales, or 1 less day. Certainly, that had an impact in the first quarter, as did how the Easter holiday fell coming into March this year versus April of a year ago. And as we look forward, Chris, we -- certainly, it's early yet in April, but we are seeing a bit of a lift. We're hoping for a bit of normalization of weather at some point, which we all talk a good bit about. But certainly, hoping for a bit of normalization on the weather side. And the comps do get easier, no doubt. But there's an awful lot of -- still an awful lot of deferred maintenance that's sitting out there that at some point has to come into the market.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And so when you say it's better in April, that's average daily sales, right? Because you would have had an Easter shift being, I guess, a positive in April?
Paul D. Donahue: That's correct.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And so if the northern areas or the cold-weather regions improve 300 basis points sequentially in the quarter, given that the comps stayed flat, does that suggest that the other areas of the country actually slowed down?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No.
Paul D. Donahue: No.
Thomas C. Gallagher: It doesn't. I think what Paul is talking about is the delta between the northern operations and the rest of the operations. So the northern operations are still trailing the performance of the remaining operations. But the degree of change has narrowed in the first quarter. if that helps explain that.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I think it did. I guess if -- sort if the north improves sequentially on a relative basis, but the comp -- but if the comps remain flat, doesn't -- I guess, doesn't that mean that the -- the total remained flat, doesn't it mean that the other areas had to actually slow down?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, they haven't. But what's happened is, if we go back to the third and fourth quarters of last year, the relative difference between the northern operations and the southern operations and the remaining operations, the difference in performance would have been 500 to 600 basis points. In the first quarter, the difference in performance was closer to 300 basis points. I guess the point we're trying to make is that we see the northern operations narrowing the gap with the remaining operations. And if that continues, we would think that, that will continue to enhance the overall performance of the Automotive operations.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And so is there any way to think about how much maybe the spring pull forward? I mean, I would assume on the DIY side of the business that the pull forward last year because of the weather, how much that impacted comps maybe to the positive in 1Q last year and to the detriment in the second quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, that's a hard number to get to, and we wouldn't hazard a guess on that. We do know it was a positive influence in the first quarter results last year. And we saw evidence of that as we get into the second quarter. And perhaps that's a possible contributor to the fact that we're seeing the comps improve in April back to more what they were in January and February.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last one, just on that sort of sequential improvement. Is that on the DIY side of the business as well?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Improving, but the DIY is still the weakest part of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question, and I just want to understand, I guess, the sales growth in Automotive slowed, for my belief, 4.9% to 3.4%. That's in the context of a same-store sales growth that were at the same level, and presumably the acquisition contribution from Q4 to Q1 was pretty consistent. Is that 1.4 percentage point slowdown related to the calendar? Or are there any other moving pieces to understand?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Matt, I'd think it would be more related to the fact that we were short the day in the...
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So the 1 day loss?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then I do want to address the question that Chris asked again because I'm having a hard time understanding it. Presumably, if the gap between 2 segments of your business starts to narrow and the aggregate trend is unchanged, then presumably one got better and the other softened up a bit. So is there another way to get to that outcome?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I'll tell you, rather than get hung up on it here, we could -- I'm going to have Sid do some work on it. And he can follow up directly with you or you can follow up -- and anybody on the call can follow up with Sid, and we'll try to give you a clearer understanding of it.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then one other question, please. So you indicated that -- it sounds like there was this soft patch in March. And I think you were talking about the Industrial business, in particular, but perhaps you saw it elsewhere as well. And I'm wondering, if you think about -- and you gave us great segment information for the quarter overall. What are the parts of the economy or the kinds of customers that you saw participate in that slowdown towards the end of the quarter and to the extent that April looks a lot more like January and February. Is it those same segments that recovered? Just interested in some of the moving pieces that are driving that movement.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Matt, I can't parse it in such a way that I can tell you specifically which customer segments in the month of March. I can tell you for the quarter that we saw comparative weakness in what we call equipment and machinery, which is a big category for us. And they would be largely OEM-type manufacturers. And then we continued to see some softness in the mining and aggregate and coal segments. And that was offset some by strength in automotive, and we were encouraged by the fact that lumber and wood products continued to show some improving trends, I guess following what we're all reading about the housing sector. And then pulp and paper held up well for us in the quarter. So -- but I can't address March specifically.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My question is on Automotive in the commercial space. Your more retail-focused competitors continue to talk about moving in that space, now we've seen this for some time. Can you give us kind of a strategic landscape where you think you are right now in terms of share versus the others and what it's going to look like several years from now?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll take the first stab at that, Keith, and maybe Paul can help out. I would suggest that based upon the results we've seen with our 2 primary commercial initiatives, which would be NAPA AutoCare and major account, and the fact that we continue to grow those businesses and those businesses experienced, I think, pretty good growth for us in the quarter. And I think based upon what we can gather anecdotally, our growth in the commercial side of the business might have exceeded the growth of the overall commercial market through the quarter. I think it would suggest to us that, at a minimum, we've held our own share and perhaps we even gained some. And that's a continuation of a trend that we've seen for several years now. Sometimes, we get asked who's the share gainer, who's the share donor? And we can't answer that categorically. We can only base our comment on what we see that's publicly disclosed. And I think it would suggest that the publicly-traded companies, perhaps, are gaining share. And maybe it's coming from some non-publicly-traded companies. As far as what happens going forward, it's going to continue to be a very, very competitive marketplace. So there's no doubt in our minds about that, and it's going to be a matter of who executes most consistently and most crisply going forward. And I think trends in the industry would favor some of the larger players just because of the demands that are out there in terms of the overall investments in inventory, the service levels, the training you give people, the technology, all of the things that are important to a commercial account. So I think they play to the favor of those who have the balance sheet and the logistical capabilities to meet those demands.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And looking out in the future, is consolidation, in your opinion, going to play a big role here, given that we probably have too many retail auto parts stores in the United States right now?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I think the industry overall will probably experience some consolidation. And I think the market dynamics and circumstances will force some of that over time. It's not a new phenomenon. We've seen quite a bit of that going on over the past several years. So our sense is that, that will continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes, a quick question, I guess sort of following-up on the last question. And you commented that non-fleet commercial was up, while fleet commercial was down somewhat. Is there anything going on in the competitive landscape on fleet commercial?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I don't think there's anything necessarily competitive. I think it more directly ties to what we see happening with freight movement. If you look at the TSI, the Transportation Services Index, it actually was down. I think it was down 1.2% or 1.8% in Q4. We don't have Q1 numbers as yet, but my guess is it was probably somewhere in that range. So I think there's just been some modest slowdown in the amount of freight that's being moved.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then a follow-up question on DIY. You commented it's being the weakest category. Are you seeing any correlation to improving weather to improving DIY? Does that seem to be a catalyst, or is DIY just generally soft across the board?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we are seeing some evidence of it in those parts of the country where we are having more normal weather. If you go up into the Midwest, we've got the issue with flooding that's going on there. We just had another snowstorm that moved through there. So that's an impediment to the DIY business there. But if we come into the warmer climate states, we do see DIY business a little bit better than what it has been. But I would also say that we think the DIY business, overall, is probably off a bit from where we'd all like to see it, just general economic circumstances.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Gober with Morgan Stanley.
Shaun Kolnick - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Shaun Kolnick on for Dave. Sorry to stick to the Automotive side again, but some of your peers have called out the impact of the delay in tax refunds and the increase in payroll taxes on the DIY business. Are you seeing those factors impacting the business in Q1? And if so, has that started normalizing in April so far?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we can pinpoint it that precisely. But logic would suggest that the delay in payroll tax refunds could have an impact. And certainly, the higher payroll tax could have an impact. If you think of a household that has a $75,000 household income, let's say, and they have to get by on $1,500 less in take-home pay, they're going to have to adjust disposable income and spending patterns. And I think, yes, that would be a contributor for sure. The payroll tax refunds will normalize here. But the impact of the increased payroll tax is something we're going to have to work our way through over an extended period.
Shaun Kolnick - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And just one follow-up on a kind of bigger picture view on the auto business. The store base has been fluctuating over the last few years, but 2012 did see a pickup there. Can we expect store growth over the next couple of years to continue? And what markets do you really see the most opportunity?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we would suggest that you will see store growth, at least from the NAPA side of the business. And we've got some specific plans. I don't think we'd want to necessarily disclose where we think the best opportunities are, but I think you can look for us going forward to expand our store footprint something between 1% and 2% per year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Melich with ISI.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I had 2 questions. First, I just want to make sure on the guidance that I got it right. You said that it's unchanged and that -- I thought I heard you say that the sales was unchanged as well as part of that. So could you just update us to whether those ranges by category that you gave earlier in the year, I think it was 5% to 7% in auto and one of the biggest...
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes, what we had when we gave segment guidance, I think what we said, Greg, was Automotive 5% to 7%, Industrial and the Electrical 4% to 6% and Office Products 1% to 3%. And then, when we came out on March 11, we included contribution that we anticipated from Exego. And that's when we raised it to the 10% to 12% overall. I would say that the guidance we gave by segment, the Industrial and the Electrical, we would have a bias toward the low end of the ranges that we gave only because of what we saw through the first quarter. We still think that Office Products can get into their range. And again, a bias toward the low end of it. And I think we're comfortable with our Automotive guidance that we gave. Does that answer your question?
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That does. That's perfect. And then a second on the inflation/deflation front. I guess it ties into gross margin a bit. Auto deflation, if I remember, last year was down a little bit, maybe 0.3%, something like that.
Carol B. Yancey: That's correct.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: What's driving the continued deflation in auto either by category? And then does that mean that in your gross margin, which actually looked decent in the quarter, all things considered, is it fair to say that auto gross margins would have been up and the others may have been down some, or how should we think about that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We don't breakout gross margin by segment. The -- what's driving deflation right now, I think, in Automotive are competitive circumstances. And I think manufacturers are having to meet the competitive situations, and it's resulting in deflation, modest deflation but deflation all the same, in our Automotive business.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So that could influence your top line negatively, but does it -- is it fair to say that, that means you can get continued sourcing cost savings to help gross margin in the auto business? I guess that's what I'm trying to figure out. Not give us the numbers, but just directionally speaking.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think directionally, you could say that -- let me back up. Our expectation right now is that we will see gross margin improvement for Genuine Parts Company as we work our way through the year. And in order to get that, we're going to have to get contribution from each of our businesses. But we do, in fact, think that we will show some gross profit improvement as the year progresses. We went through -- just as a reminder, we went through a several-year period where we actually had some gross margin degradation. And we were able to offset it with some good SG&A work. Last year, we had modest gross margin improvement. And our expectation is that we will, in fact, see some gross profit improvement again in 2013.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that auto deflation seems to -- can you confirm that's a trend now? It's been around for at least 5 quarters.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, it's been around for a while. I don't know how many quarters, but it's not a new phenomenon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: So I just want to talk about Exego for a couple of minutes here. As far as the strategy going forward, any plans to bring the NAPA brand to the region and perhaps use it as a premium branded product within the region?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Brian, I'll take the first stab at that. At this point, no, there is not a plan to do that. And the reason why is that the business operates under the name of Repco. And Repco is a name that's been around actually 2 years longer than Genuine Parts has been around, and they are the #1 brand over there. It's an iconic brand in their home markets. So our plan would be to use our sourcing leverage, combined sourcing leverage, to enable them to continue to do what they do. And they've got their own private label brand in addition to some manufacturer brands. And we're going to continue to let them operate as Repco because they are, in fact, the most highly recognized brand in that marketplace.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just a question on the states within auto. What can you tell me about maybe this quarter versus Q4 and Q3 from a product mix standpoint? I think you mentioned that average ticket was still up, account was down. Are you seeing consumers go back at all -- or some of your customers go back at all to the mid-grade and potentially high-grade products?
Paul D. Donahue: Brian, this is Paul. We're seeing some shift, but not that significant. If you look at it by product category, I think I mentioned earlier, we're seeing strong growth out of our battery categories, strong growth out of some of our electrical products, wiper, some of the winter-type related products, which is a good thing. The brake business continues to be challenging for us, as it has been, and I think for many in the industry, but we are starting to show signs of some improvement in that product category as well.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And there's still -- there is still a reticence by your customer base, though, to move up market?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think that's a fair statement, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Patrick Palfrey on for Scott. Earlier in the call, you mentioned that it's just a more competitive sales environment. And I was just wondering if you're seeing that environment more pronounced in one of your segments over the other?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's probably the same across all. And look, we've been through different cycles before. And things tend to get a bit more competitive when we see end market demand slow up some. And everybody's trying to find ways to improve their relative positioning in markets like this. So I don't think it's any more pronounced than what we've seen in other cycles, but it hasn't diminished at all, either.
Operator: Our final question comes from Efraim Levy with S&P Capital.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: Last quarter, you said you thought that Q1 would be down, and it was. And then there was some thoughts that possibly -- and this may be specifically to EIS or, I'm not sure, it could be broader than that, that it would be weak. So firstly, has your Q2 view changed?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, no. We knew that -- actually, what I think we said was that we thought the first half of the year would be more challenging than the back half of the year, with the first quarter being the most challenging. As we look toward the remainder of the year, I think that if we look at the Industrial-related businesses, their recovery will be a little slower than what we would expect in our Automotive business. And frankly, our Automotive business, I think, held up pretty well under the circumstances and considering the fact that we had all of the variables at play there. So I think Automotive should fare well going forward. I think the others will all improve their position as the year progresses. But I think it will take -- it will be one extra quarter for Industrial and Electrical to probably get back to where they think they'll be.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And you have your guidance for CapEx. But I wasn't clear exactly what the reason was why it was down so sharply as a percentage in the first quarter versus last year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It's a timing difference.
Carol B. Yancey: It's a timing thing of projects. So usually in the beginning of the year and dependent on weather and things like that, you may have fewer building projects and things like that. So it's really just a timing thing. We're usually a little lighter in the first quarter. And then honestly, with the slowdown in business, they may have delayed starting some things to start those in Q2 or Q3.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And just one more. In the past, you've sometimes differentiated the aftermarket, auto versus tire trends. Is there anything to highlight in that segment?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I don't think we have any data that we could update you with
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question. I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Carol B. Yancey: We thank you for your time and interest and your support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you in our second quarter release. And if you need anything else, please let us know. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol B. Yancey - Executive Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul D. Donahue - President, President of The U S Automotive Parts Group and Director Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President of Finance, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company 2012 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Release Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carol Yancey, Executive Vice President, Finance and Corporate Secretary. Please go ahead.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Fourth Quarter Conference Call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for 2013. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and I would add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. This is a significant call for us in many ways, but none more so than the fact that this is Jerry Nix's final call. As you know, Jerry will be retiring at the end the month after 34 years with Genuine Parts Company, the last 13 as our Chief Financial Officer. And in looking back, it's interesting to note that Jerry has been on every quarterly conference call since we began doing them in February of 2011, so today is Jerry's 49th call. He's also been on every investor trip and involved in every analyst meeting for over 25 years, and I think it's fair to say that Jerry has been the face of GPC with the investment community. And he has earned the respect and the admiration of all that he has come in contact with, both inside and outside of our company. He will be missed, but we're grateful to him for all that he has contributed to our company over the last 34 years. Now we are fortunate to have Carol Yancey taking over as our Chief Financial Officer when Jerry retires, and many of you know Carol because she's been a part of GPC for 22 years. And along the way, she's spent several years as Director of Investor Relations. Over the past several years, she and Jerry have worked very closely together preparing for this transition, and she is very well-qualified to be moving into the CFO role. Jerry and Carol will split the reporting duties today; and Paul Donahue, who is also on the call, and he'll give us an update on the performance of the Automotive operations. Early this morning, we released our fourth quarter and year-end 2012 results. And hopefully, you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may have not seen the numbers as yet, the quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $3,119,000,000, which was up 3.5%. Net income was $160.2 million, which was up 19%. And earnings per share were $1.03 this year compared to $0.86 in the fourth quarter of 2011, and EPS increase was 20%. And this enabled us to end 2012 with sales of $13,014,000,000, which was up 4.5%. Net income was $648 million, which was up 15%. And earnings per share were $4.14 this year compared to $3.58 last year, and that's an EPS increase of 16%. These are all records for us in sales, net income and earnings per share. But clearly, we continue to experience some top line challenges in the fourth quarter, and they were a bit more pronounced in the Industrial and Electrical segments. Although the 3.5% revenue increase in Q4 was our softest revenue quarter of the year, we were pleased that our folks operated well and still produced double-digit increases in operating profit, net income and earnings per share for the quarter and for the year. A review of the sales results by business segment shows that our Industrial business was up 2% in the quarter and up 7% for the year. After being up 22% in 2010 and 19% in 2011, a 7% increase in 2012 shows meaningful deceleration. And then looking back over the course of the year, we saw demand moderation as the year progressed. After being up 12% in the first quarter, the Industrial operations were up 8% in Q2, 4.5% in Q3 and 2% in Q4. These trends are consistent with what we have seen across the industry, and it's interesting to note that the fourth quarter slowdown became a bit more pronounced in the final weeks of the year. Power transmission, hydraulics and electrical and automation products were among the best performers from the product category for the year. And automotive, iron and steel, lumber and wood products were among our top-performing customer segments. Conversely, customers in the coal, aggregate and cement, equipment and machinery and equipment rental and leasing segments lagged our overall performance for the year. As we look at the predictive indices, like industrial production and capacity utilization, we see that they remain at historically healthy levels, which is encouraging. At the same time, however, a more cautious attitude seems to have developed among our customer base over the latter part of the year, and our expectation is that this will carry over into the early part of 2013. With that said, however, we do feel that the manufacturing segment of the economy, which is our customer base, is generally healthy and growing, and this bodes well for our Industrial business in the year ahead. Staying within the manufacturing sector of the economy, EIS, our Electrical/Electronic distributor, also experienced a sharp slowdown in the fourth quarter. After being up 5% in Q1 and then 9% in the second quarter, followed by a 5% increase in the third quarter, EIS was down 2% in the fourth quarter and ended the year up 5%. And as with Motion, the latter part of the fourth quarter proved to be the most challenging. One of the external indices that we closely follow is the Institute for Supply Management Purchasing Managers' Index. This is usually a pretty good leading indicator for our Electrical business. As a matter of information, the PMI averaged 57.3 for all of 2010, and our Electrical business was up 30%. In 2011, the PMI averaged 55.2, and we were up 24%. For 2012, the full year PMI was 51.7 or perhaps more significant is the fact that the last 7 months of 2012, the average has been 50.4. This is a fairly typical number, and it's indicative of the slower end-market conditions that our Electrical/Electronic operations are experiencing right now. As with our Industrial business, we think that these conditions will persist for another quarter or 2, but we remain optimistic about our Electrical segment turning in a solid performance in 2013. Moving on to Office Products. We actually had our best quarter of the year in Q4. After being down 1.5% in the first quarter and down 1% in quarters 2 and 3, S.P. Richards was up 3% in the final quarter, and this enabled them to end the year even with the prior year. Both the independent dealers and the Mega customers had positive results in the fourth quarter, which was good to see. And on the product side, cleaning and break-room and furniture had the strongest results in the quarter. We were pleased to all 4 product categories, cleaning and break-room, furniture, technology and office supplies end the year with positive fourth quarter results. Although the Office Products environment continues to be challenging, with the plans and initiatives that S.P. Richards has in place, we look for a year of moderate growth from this segment of our business in 2013. So that's a brief overview of our Industrial, Electrical and Office Products businesses. And at this point, I will ask Paul to give you an update on the Automotive operations. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tom, and I'd like to add my welcome to each of you this morning. I'm pleased to join Jerry, Carol and Tom, and to have the opportunity to provide an update on the fourth quarter performance of our North American Automotive business. As you know, Automotive is the company's largest business segment. And we ended the fourth quarter with sales up 5%, which has improved from the 2.5% growth that we reported for the third quarter. For the 12 months ended December 31, our Automotive business finished up 4% over 2011. The 5% revenue growth in the fourth quarter includes relatively flat comparable store sales and a positive sales contribution from our acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts. Sales to our commercial accounts, the dominant segment of our business, continued to outpace our retail sales. We did not see significant changes in the external factors, which continue to impact our industry in the quarter, headwinds related to the mild winter temperatures in the northern half of the country, along with the ongoing uncertainties surrounding the economy and consumer confidence seemed to persist. Consistent with the past 2 quarters, our results varied significantly by region of the quarter -- by the region of the country in the fourth quarter. In the traditional cold weather regions, our Central, Midwest and Eastern divisions, which comprised over 1/3 of our overall business, they consistently underperformed the other regions across the U.S. Although the comps from these regions were consistent on a sequential basis, the regional disparity remained significant and impacted key weather-sensitive product categories in these regions. On a positive note, we believe that a return to more normal winter weather patterns, which we are beginning to see play out, should drive a potential upswing in demand over the next several months. We remain pleased with the positive contribution from Quaker City Motor Parts, which we acquired back on May 1 of this year -- of 2012. Their fourth quarter and year-to-date sales contributions were in line with our expectations, and we are excited with the opportunities that Quaker City will provide us in the future. Our Quaker City team and our strong group of independent owners are energized and focused on our key initiatives to drive growth in 2013. As we mentioned earlier, our commercial business continued to outperform our retail business in the fourth quarter. Within our company-owned store group, the commercial side of our business ended the quarter up 1%, consistent with our growth in this segment in the second and third quarters. Non-fleet-related business performed reasonably well, generating a 4% increase, led by our NAPA AutoCare and our Major Account business. The increase in our average ticket value drove the gain, while our average number of invoices was flat. Turning to our retail business. Sales were down mid-single digits in the quarter. So while we are not pleased with our retail performance, we are encouraged by the initiatives our team has put into place to positively impact our retail sales in 2013. We have seen over the past few quarters a slight downward trend in our average number of invoices per day, while our average dollar value increased. We believe this to be consistent with retail sales trends, both in the aftermarket and retail in general. So as we look forward to 2013, we expect a more normalized winter weather pattern to improve demand. We are pleased to note that while it's still early in the year, we are seeing improved sales trends in the northern half of the U.S. We are also seeing a pickup in sales in some of our winter-related product categories, such as our batteries and our rotating electrical categories. The aging vehicle population continued growth in the number of older vehicles and the positive year-over-year miles driven numbers, up 0.006% through November, bodes well for the automotive aftermarket. And we feel NAPA is well positioned to capture its share of the increase in demand generated by these positive trends. So in summary, overall demand in the automotive aftermarket in the fourth quarter proved similar to what we experienced in the second and third quarters of 2012. We remain positive about the core fundamentals impacting the automotive aftermarket and our Automotive Parts Group. These positive industry fundamentals, coupled with our internal growth initiatives, provide us ample growth opportunities for 2013 and well into the future. So that completes our overview of the Automotive business in the fourth quarter and for 2012. And at this time, I will hand it over to Jerry to get us started with our review of the financial results. Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Paul. And Tom, I want to thank you as well for those kind remarks. It's been a lot of years and a lot of calls, and we've built many great relationships, which I'll certainly miss. And most important is that Genuine Parts is in good hands with Tom and Paul and so many other excellent leaders across our businesses. Certainly, Carol fits in, in that category, and we're very fortunate to have her assume the role of CFO. Carol and I worked together for all of her 22 years with the company, and I can tell you she is one of the best and brightest and very prepared to lead this company as CFO. So we appreciate you joining us on the call today. And to move things along, I will first review the fourth quarter and full year income statements and segment information, and then Carol will pick up to review a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, and then we'll open up the call up to your questions. The view of the income statement show the following: Total sales of $3.1 billion for the fourth quarter and that's an increase of 3.5% from last year and is relatively consistent with the third quarter increase. For the year, total sales reached another record high of $13.0 billion, which is up 4.5% from 2011. Although the sales environment grew more challenging for our Industrial and Electrical businesses in the fourth quarter, our Automotive sales held steady, and the Office Products Group posted their best quarterly results for the year. We remain confident in our growth initiatives and are planning on another year of respectable sales growth again in 2013. Gross profit for the fourth quarter was 29.2% of sales, and that's down approximately 40 basis points from the fourth quarter and 2011. But for the full year, gross margin of 29.0% was up about 10 basis points from 28.9% in 2011. So despite the decrease we experienced in the fourth quarter, which we attribute that to the competitive sales environment overall and lower levels of vendor incentives at the Industrial Parts Group, we're pleased to show at least slight progress with gross margin for the year. Our ongoing initiatives to effectively manage the supply chain cost, increase distribution efficiencies and maximize our pricing potential offer us additional opportunities to further improve our gross margin, and our management teams across all of the businesses are committed to this effort. For the year, our cumulative pricing, which represents prior increases to us, was a negative 0.003% in Automotive, plus 1.6% in Industrial, plus 2.7% in Office Products and a negative 0.001% in Electrical. Now turning to SG&A. Total expenses, $659 million in the fourth quarter, is down 2% from 2011 and at 21.1% of sales versus 22.6% in the fourth quarter last year. For the year, total SG&A expenses, $2.8 billion, that's up 2% and at 21.2% of total sales compared to 21.8% for the same period in 2011. Our management teams have done an excellent job of managing our expenses throughout the year and our ongoing cost saving initiatives have yield much of the improvement on this line. We continue to control our cost from ongoing investments in technology, which has positively impacted the operating efficiencies in our distribution centers and stores, as well as supply chain initiatives in such areas as freight and logistics among others. Additionally, in December of 2012, the company's pension plan was amended to freeze future benefit accruals for all participants effective January 1, 2014. In connection with this amendment, the company recorded onetime noncash curtailment gain of $23.5 million, which is included on our SG&A line for the fourth quarter and the year. So throughout the organization, we made solid progress in controlling our expenses, and we'll continue to assess and align the proper cost structure of our businesses as we move through the year and beyond. Now let's discuss the results by segment. For the fourth quarter, Automotive had revenue of $1,531.6 million, up 5%; and operating profit of $122.5 million, up 36%. So outstanding margin expansion there from 6.2% to 8.0% of sales. The Industrial Group for the quarter had revenue $1,054.8 million, up 2%; operating profit $78.1 million, that's down 12%. So margin degradation there from 8.6% to 7.4%. Office Products had revenue for the quarter $402.9 million, that's up 3%; and had operating profit of $36.4 million, that's down 5%. So again, margin deterioration from 9.7% to 9.0%, which is still outstanding operating margin for that business. Electrical Group had revenue in the quarter of $135.4 million. That was down 2%. They had operating profit of $12.5 million, and that's up 21%. So just superb operating there going from 7.5% to 9.2% operating margins in the quarter. Now for the year, Automotive had revenue $6,320.9 million, and that represents 49% of the total and is up 4%; operating profit of $540.7 million, up 16%. So again, just super margin 8.6% from 7.7% of revenue the prior year. The Industrial Group had revenue for the year of $4,453.6 million, and that represents 34% of the total and is up 7%. The operating profit $352.1 million is up 4%. So slight margin decrease there from 8.1% to 7.9%. Office Products had revenue for the full year of $1,686.7 million, represents 13% of the total and was down 0.002%. They had operating profit of $134.4 million, and that was up 0.002%. So a slight margin improvement for the year of 7.9% to 8.0% of sales. The Electrical Group had revenue for the full year $582.8 million, representing 44% of the total, and that's up 4.5%; and operating profit of $50.9 million, up 25%. So record operating margin for the Electrical Group at 8.7% of sales. Total operating profit was up approximately 10% in the fourth quarter, and operating profit margin improved 50 basis points to 8.0% from 7.5% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Now this follows margin improvement of 70, 40 and 20 basis points for the first, second and third quarters of 2012, respectively. Our total operating margin for the year is 8.3%, and that's up 40 basis points from 7.9% last year. We're extremely pleased with this level of margin expansion and continue to believe that we have additional opportunities to expand the operating margins again in 2013 although more likely in the range of 10 to 20 basis points. We had net interest expense of $4.9 million and $19.6 million for the fourth quarter and the year, respectively, which is down from 2011 due mainly to the new lower interest rate on our $250 million debt agreement that was funded in November of 2011. We'll discuss our debt position later, but we're currently expect our net interest expense to approximate $28 million again in 2013. Beginning in this quarter, we separated our amortization from the other category as our amortization of intangibles was more significant in 2012 due to the Quaker City acquisition. Total amortization expense was approximately $4 million and $13 million for the fourth quarter and the year, respectively. The other line now represents corporate expense and noncontrolling interest and was $11.2 million in income for the fourth quarter and is $26.6 million expense for the full year. This is much improved from 2011 and primarily reflects the pension curtailment gain discussed above. Additionally, the income associated with our 30% investment in Exego was accounted for on this line. For 2013, we currently project the combination of the amortization and other lines to be in the $60 million and $70 million expense range, which will be relatively consistent with 2012 before the curtailment adjustment. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 36.4%, and that's up from 35.8% last year due to the nontaxable status of a favorable retirement plan adjustment that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year, 36.4% rate compares to 36.6% for the same period in 2011, and we expect our full year tax rate for 2013 to be in the range of 36.0% to 36.5%. Net income for the quarter $160.2 million, and that's up 19%. EPS increased to $1.03 compared to $0.86 last year, and that's up 20%. For the year, net income is up 15%. EPS of $4.14 is up 16% over 2011. Excluding December 2012 pension curtailment gain discussed earlier, net income was up 8% to $145 million for the fourth quarter and was up 12% to $633 million for the year. EPS, before the adjustment, was up 8% to $0.93 for the quarter and was up 13% to $4.05 for the year. Now this record level of earnings achieved in 2012, both before and after the pension gain, reflects the third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth for the company. We want to recognize all of our associates at Genuine Parts Company for achieving this significant milestone. We're extremely proud of their accomplishments. So with that, I'll turn it over to Carol to touch on a few key balance sheet items.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you, Jerry. And before I begin my remarks, I want to thank everyone for the tremendous opportunity. I'm very appreciative, and it's been nothing but a pleasure to work with Jerry for all these years. We've had a very well-planned and prepared transition, and I look forward to the opportunity. We'll start off with a discussion of a few key balance sheet items. Cash at December 31 was strong at $403 million, which is consistent with our cash position at September 30, although down from the $525 million at December 31, 2011. Our current cash position reflects strong cash flows for 2012 resulting from our increase in earnings, effective asset management and cost reductions. This was offset by the more than $500 million used in 2012 for several investing activities, including our January 1 investment in Exego, the leading automotive distribution company in Australia and New Zealand; the Electrical Group's Light Fab acquisition on February 1; and the Automotive Group's Quaker City acquisition that was May 1. Accounts receivable of $1.5 billion at December 31 increased 2% from 2011 on a 3.5% sales increase for the fourth quarter. Our goal is to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth, so we are very encouraged by our progress with receivables. We will continue to remain focused on this area in 2013, and we're very satisfied with the quality of our receivables at this time. Inventory at December 31, 2012, was $2.6 billion, up approximately 7% compared to December 31, 2011. Primarily, this increase relates to the impact of our acquisitions in 2012. And without acquisitions, our inventory grew by just 2%. We continue to believe that our team is doing an excellent job of managing our inventory levels, and we remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move through 2013. Now we will add here that our comparisons to the prior year's inventory reflect the revisions to our 2011 balance sheet that we previously disclosed in our third quarter 10-Q. Our accounts payable balance at December 31 was $1.7 billion, which is up 17% from the prior year. The significant increase in trade payables reflects the impact of our extended payment terms and other payables initiatives negotiated with our vendors. We're very pleased with our progress in this area. Improving our payables position has always been an important priority for us over the last couple of years, and it's had a positive impact on our days and payables. Working capital of $2.3 billion at December 31 is down approximately 15% from December of 2011 as reported. It's also down 6% on a comparative basis, which takes into account our current debt of $250 million. Effectively managing accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable is very important to us, and our ongoing progress with these key accounts has had a tremendous impact on improving our working capital position and cash flow. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition at December 31, 2012. Our total debt at year end remains unchanged at $500 million. The $250 million of total debt that's due in November of 2013 is accounted for as current debt at the end of December 31. While we have not announced any specific plans for this debt beyond the due date, we will most likely renew the debt amount later this year. There's another $250 million debt that is due in November of 2016. Our total debt to total capitalization at December 31, 2012, was 14.3%. And although comfortable with our current capital structure, we want to remind you that in September of 2012, we entered into a multicurrency syndicated credit facility agreement for $850 million. This agreement, which carries a 5-year term and an interest rate of LIBOR plus 75 basis points, replaced the $350 million unsecured revolving line of credit that was scheduled to mature in December of 2012. This new facility provides us with expanded borrowing capacities to support our growth opportunities as may be needed from time to time. There were no amounts borrowed under this new agreement at December 31, 2012. The company continues to generate solid cash flows. And as we mentioned earlier, 2012 was a very strong year for us. Cash from operations reached over $900 million, a new record for us. And free cash flow, after deducting capital expenditures and dividends, was approximately $500 million, also a new record. The continued strength of our cash flows is encouraging, and we remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority for the cash is the dividend, which we have paid every year since going public in 1948 and we've now raised for 57th consecutive years effective with yesterday's board approval of a $2.15 per share annual dividend for 2013. This represents a 9% increase from the $1.98 per share paid in 2012, and it's approximately 52% of our 2012 earnings per share. This is well within our goal of a 50% to 55% payout ratio. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of our core businesses. Strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures was $30.4 million for the fourth quarter. And for the full year, total CapEx spending was $102 million compared to the $103.5 million for the same period in the prior year. This was at the low end of our expected range for 2012. And based on the timing of certain projects and overall plans for this year, we expect our cash use for CapEx for 2013 to be in the range of $115 million to $135 million. The vast majority of these investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Our depreciation and amortization was $25.1 million in the quarter, and it's $98.4 million for the year, which is up slightly from 2011. Turning to 2013, we would anticipate another increase primarily related to amortization and also the increased capital spending. We are currently expecting depreciation and amortization to be approximately $105 million to $115 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of our cash for us, and they're integral to growth plans for the company. Our investment in Exego and Quaker City in the Automotive Group, as well as a small acquisition in the Electrical Group, performed as planned throughout 2012, and we're encouraged by their continued growth opportunities. We will remain active in seeking new acquisitions for our businesses in 2013, generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, in 2012, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 1.4 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program. We have another 12.2 million shares authorized and available for repurchase today. While we have no set pattern for these repurchases, we would expect to be active in the program again in 2013 as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and, combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. In closing, we want to be sure and thank all of our GPC associates for the great job they are doing. Another year of record sales and earnings is a great accomplishment and one we are very proud of. The company entered 2013 well positioned for continued growth in our businesses. And as always, we'll support our growth with strong cash flow, a healthy balance sheet and further maximizing our return to shareholders. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Paul, Jerry and Carol. And Jerry, once again, thank you for being such a significant contributor to the overall success of Genuine Parts Company over the years. We wish you and Cheryl the absolute very best in the years ahead. Now summarizing our view on 2012, we feel that the GPC team has a lot to be proud of. Among the positive accomplishments this past year where sales, net profit and earnings per share records and operating margin improvement of 40 basis points to 8.3%. Cash from operations and free cash flow set new records as well. Working capital was reduced roughly 6%, and working capital efficiency improved to an all-time low. Both return on average assets and return on invested capital also showed nice improvement once again in 2012. And with the actions taken yesterday by our board, dividends have been increased for the 57th consecutive year. So we feel good about the GPC team's achievements in each of these areas. The one area where we did not perform as well as we would have liked is on the growth side. After being up 11% in both 2010 and 2011, we went into 2012 expecting more than a 4.5% sales increase. But after a solid first quarter, we saw moderation as the year progressed, reflective of the overall industry slowdown that we saw in our respective businesses. As we look towards 2013, we see market conditions being quite similar, at least over the first half to what we experienced in the second half of 2012, and our expectation is for modest growth in each of the 4 industries that we operate in during the first half of the year and a bit stronger growth in the second half. This seems to be consistent with the general consensus for the overall economy in the year ahead. With that said, our expectation is for revenue growth in Automotive for the full year of 5% to 7%; Industrial 4% to 6%; Electrical, also 4% to 6%; and Office Products 1% to 3%. And this would give us total revenue growth of 4% to 6% for the year. And with revenue growth at this level, our guidance would be for earnings per share to be in the $4.30 to $4.40, which will be up 6% to 9% over the $4.05 earned in 2012 prior to the curtailment gain. So that will conclude our prepared remarks. And at this point, we'll turn the call back over to Chris for your questions. Chris?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Congratulations, Jerry. We'll certainly miss you out on the road and on the calls.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Chris.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to start with the Automotive side. It was really encouraging to hear that the northern part of the country is starting to see some improvement and starting to see it in batteries and rotating electrical. As you think about last year, I mean, did you see a lot of pull-forward in spring demand because of the warm weather in January, February, March? And does that mean that we have to sort of wait to 2Q for some of these trends to really emerge and see some acceleration in the top line in Auto?
Paul D. Donahue: Yes, Chris, this is Paul. Just a couple of comments, and your question is a valid one. Our 3 divisions that make up the northern tier, the Central, Eastern and Midwestern division, they had a very solid first quarter last year. And absolutely looking back now, we can see that business was pulled forward because sequentially then, Q2, Q3 and Q4 were soft and mid- single-digit soft in the Q3 and Q4. But I am pleased to see -- again, it's only 1 month, but those 3 divisions have rebounded nicely in the month of January, led really by the Midwest division, which is up significantly. So we're cautiously optimistic, Chris, that we're going to see some growth out of the northern half the country this year.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And have you seen much on the brakes and rotor side?
Paul D. Donahue: Brakes and rotors was a challenging category for us last year. We put some things into place that we hope we'll see a rebound in 2013, but that was one of the categories that absolutely was impacted in 2012. And Chris, you mentioned batteries and rotating electrical on the flip side, those are very strong for us in 2012 as we're a few other categories, like tool and equipment for instance and our filter business was good last year. So we're hoping to see and we plan to see our brake business come back in 2013.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Paul, I think that -- Chris, sorry, I'd just add to that, we did not see any material improvement in the brake and rotor business in January. And our expectation is we'll start to see some improvement as we work our way through the year.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Perfect. And then on the EBIT margin side in Automotive, could you delve into that a little more closely in terms of what drove that expansion? Was that Quaker synergies? Was that vendor allowances? Certainly, there was some upside surprise there, so just wanted to get some details.
Jerry W. Nix: Chris, this is Jerry. We had favorable inventory gains in the fourth quarter, and you'll see where -- that's where most of that margin improvement. They were up 50 basis points through the 9 months. They also had significant cost reduction initiatives taken place, and they took $20 million, $25 million of cost out. So between -- and there were some year-end write-backs, we accrued bad debt expense based on a percent of sales. And our bad debt expense, when we got down to actual write-off, was less than it was the prior year. So those are the 3 major contributors to that improvement.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And how should we think about EBIT margin expansion going forward? Or how much of that is sustainable?
Jerry W. Nix: Well, look, the cost reductions that they took out are sustainable and they also have additional cost reductions in place now. I'm certain that we're not going to show that kind of improvement in our bad debt expense coming off, but we should see another 10, 20 basis points operating margin improvement. That's always what we look for.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with ISI.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Jerry, again, congrats and thanks for everything.
Jerry W. Nix: Thanks, Greg. I appreciate it.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Cathy (sic) [Carol], you mentioned inventory was up 2% when you adjust the balance sheet for acquisitions. Could you give us the payables and receivables as well adjusted for acquisitions?
Carol B. Yancey: The impact on the payables was not as significant. It's about $50 million on the payables line. And on receivables, it was about $30 million on the receivables line. But clearly, the bigger number was on the inventory line. Most of our receivables improvement was really as a result of some of our improved terms with our vendors that we talked about. That really drove the bulk of that increase.
Thomas C. Gallagher: On the payables.
Carol B. Yancey: On the payables.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then, Paul, a little bit on the sales trends you saw on the fourth quarter. If I remember, there were some nuances of a day shift in terms of sales. Thought we might get back in the fourth quarter, and it seems like we didn't if we look at the comp store sales. Could you help us sort of understand that sort of flattish comp versus up a little bit in the third quarter and what really drove that sequential decline?
Paul D. Donahue: Yes, Greg, good question. And you're right, there was an extra billing day in the quarter. What I think we may have underestimated a bit was how the holidays fell this year versus last year, with Christmas falling on a Tuesday versus a Sunday prior year. We may have given back a portion of or all of that extra day that we got in the quarter. So I think we underestimated that a bit. December was soft for us, there's no doubt. And when we reported last, we were coming out of the month of September, and we saw a nice increase in the month of September. And certainly, we're hopeful that, that was going to carry on into Q4. But certainly, that wasn't the case. And again, I think that the initiatives that our team has in place going into 2013, we're optimistic about -- cautiously optimistic about getting our sales back in line in 2013.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And lastly, on inflation-deflation [indiscernible] in Auto, in particular, the negative 0.3, that was the same as the third quarter. Could you give us some insight as to where you think that will play out this year? Do we go back to a little bit of inflation in Auto Parts?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Greg, this is Tom. I'll try to answer that. At this point, I would say that we may get a little bit more inflation across each of the businesses in 2013. Automotive, we are seeing some discussion about price increases as we work our way a little deeper into the year. So I would expect that we will have modest inflation in Automotive but not materially so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Lovallo with Bank of America.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jerry, best of luck to you.
Jerry W. Nix: Thanks again, John.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, to start off, from the industrial customer -- from your industrial customers, do you get a sense that the uncertainty that they're talking about is really attributable to government policy and kind of uncertainty around that? Or is it really more core to the business environment?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's more the former than the latter. There is a heightened sense of concern with the unknown at this point. And it might be helpful to you to know that on our project work, we've not seen any cancellations to this point. But we have seen these be pushed out 1 quarter or 2, which I think, again, underscores the uncertainty. I think people are saying, until we get a little more clarity, we're just going to be very cautious in how we spend money. So the fact that we're being pushed out could eventually lead to some cancellations. But at this point, we've not been notified of any.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And then given that there could be some top line pressure in Industrial and EIS, at least in the first couple of quarters, is there anything you can do from a cost structure basis to kind of offset that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, yes, and I think our teams have done a good job over the last couple of years in helping to reduce our cost structure. And when we see periods like this where things seem to slow up a bit, then they tighten up on the cost side a bit as well. So there are some actions already underway to try to keep cost more in line with where the revenue is going to be.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then one last one, just on the interest expense guidance, I missed that. Would you mind repeating that, please?
Carol B. Yancey: Well, we currently estimate interest expense to be around $20 million for 2013, with the two $250 million tranches we talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scot Ciccarelli. I know you said there was a sizable difference between, let's call it, traditional cold weather markets and the rest of the business for Auto. Can you get any more specific than that?
Paul D. Donahue: Scot, this is Paul. The impact in Q4 was about 300 basis points impact.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So that's a more narrow gap than what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. Correct?
Paul D. Donahue: Well, actually, it's fairly consistent. We're running down in those 3 divisions -- I'm talking about the impact on the overall business. So those 3 divisions of our company, we're running mid- single digit down in Q4 versus a slight uptick in the balance of our business.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I see. Okay, understood.
Paul D. Donahue: But you understand the overall impact?
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, okay. That's kind of what I was trying to get to. Okay. And then also just regarding -- I know we talked about the Auto EBIT margins a little bit. We did see the EBIT margin for Industrial compress a little bit. What's the right way to think about that going forward? I mean, is that another basis point improvement like we expect in auto? Or will the current revenue trends maybe prevent that from occurring this year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Scot, this is Tom. I would say that, first of all, our expectation is that the revenue trends will improve somewhat as the year progresses. But I think in terms of modeling, I would look for a 10 to 20 basis point improvement in the Industrial margins for the full year.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And is that because that's going to be natural leverage? Is that because you guys are trying to take cost out like you took out of Auto? Just trying to figure out what's the -- what are the various moving pieces there, Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we're counting on a little bit stronger revenue growth, not so much in the first quarter or 2, but more so in the second half of the year. There are ongoing cost containment, cost reduction initiatives that are taking place there. There's a fair amount of work that's being done on the margin side of the business, the gross margin side of the business. So hopefully, we'll see a little bit of improvement in that through the course of the year. So there are a number of levers that are being pulled on simultaneously to try to ensure that we have show margin improvement. I think if you go back and look at the Industrial performance sequentially over the course of the year. Q1 and Q2, we were running pretty strong revenue increases, 12% and 8%, respectively. And then we saw really good margin improvement through the first half of the year, and then we gave that back and then a little bit more as we got to the back half of the year. But our expectation is maybe the inverse for 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Jerry, I will miss you very much. It's always a pleasure working with you over the years.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Matt. You're the man.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So first of all, on Automotive. Obviously, we've picked this sector over a bit already this morning. But if you look at differences in DIY or retail and the traditional commercial business, anything related to car age and sort of the target customer -- target car, that is, within those segments that as you look at the numbers and the stagnancy in retail that you think might be kind of attributable to something structural like that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Matt, this is Tom. I don't think there's anything that's changed significantly enough to cause any material change in the performance over a short span of time. Paul mentioned in his comments on the commercial side of the business, if we move fleet aside for a moment, and I'll come back to fleet in a moment, but if you move that to the side in the quarter, our non-fleet-related commercial business was actually up mid-single digit, which I think in the current environment is a pretty good performance. But what we've seen on that side of the business is that we see that our ticket value has increased some, but the ticket count is actually flattish. So that would indicate to us that it's somewhat driven by consumer discretionary spending habit at this point. If we go over to the fleet side of the business, the fleet side of the business actually started to show signs of moderating as we get deep into the second quarter of the year and then quarters 3 and 4, the fleet business actually had a little bit of deceleration. And that's consistent with what we see across the industry and is consistent with what we see in some of the indices. If you look at the transportation service index, you'll see that, that decelerated sequentially as the year progressed and actually went into negative territory in the latter part of the year. So I don't think at this point we've seen any material change structurally in the business. I think it may be more driven by consumer spending. And I think that may continue for another quarter or 2 as we continue to digest the effect of maybe some higher fuel prices and also the increased payroll tax that people are adjusting to.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Tom, either for you or Paul, to the extent that you've seen some recovery in cold weather markets and cold weather products, is that happening evenly across both retail and commercial? Or is it biased towards one of the segments?
Paul D. Donahue: Matt, this is Paul. At this point in time, it's early. But at this point in time, it's certainly more on the commercial side than the retail side.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm curious kind of functionally, given that everyone's cars kind of do the same thing. Is it because of the kinds of transactions that are driven by cold weather, perhaps failure tend to show themselves more at commercial? Or will there be some other reason for that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think a part of the reason, Matt. But the other thing is I think the commercial is a bit stronger in the areas that we're talking about, and retail maybe a bit stronger in the Sun Belt-related areas.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just a final cleanup question on the guidance side, the $4.30 to $4.40 of 2013 EPS. Is there buyback assumption embedded in that number, please?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. Our buyback plan, Matt, just to further amplify, at a minimum, we want to buy back the number of shares that we issue under our long-term incentive grants. We want to avoid any dilution there. So I think you could model something along the lines of $1.2 million, $1.3 million in line with what we did this year.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But there's no embedded share count reduction above and beyond that in that number?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: To you, Jerry, again, congratulations and best wishes.
Jerry W. Nix: Thanks again, Brian.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just want to talk about Exego for a couple of minutes here. Just from a point of clarification, that's now on the other line as far as when you're breaking out your operating segments, correct?
Carol B. Yancey: Yes, yes.
Thomas C. Gallagher: That's right.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: First of all, how are we trending on Exego as far as hitting your targets for profitability where you consider rolling up the business?
Thomas C. Gallagher: They're actually ahead of plan. And if we go back to our original expectation, we thought that they would get to the level sometime late 2013 or early 2014. They're actually going to get there a little bit sooner, and it will be at that point that we'll have a decision to make. And just so you understand from the point that they actually hit the threshold, we've got up to 6 months to exercise our right.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: All right. Terrific. And then -- most of my questions have been answered, but there's speculation about 2 of your major customers in the Office Products side potentially getting together. If this were to be the case, do you think you'd see some pricing pressure within the Office Products division that could potentially hurt your margins?
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Well, that's speculative at this point. I'd say, first of all, this has been something that has long been speculated, and it appears that there's some substance to it right now. Looking at the medium to long term, if there's excess capacity in the industry and it gets taken out, I think that's fundamentally healthy for the industry. In terms of 3 competitors going down to 2, that might lead to a bit more rationale competition among those 3. How it plays out and how it backs up on us, I can't answer that at this point. But our general sense is that if it's something that's fundamentally good for the overall business and the industry then, eventually, it's going to be good for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Gober with Morgan Stanley.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a quick one on gross margins. Just wanted to try to parse out where you saw a little bit of the gross margin compression in the quarter. I mean, obviously, Industrial and EIS were the 2 segments that saw overall margin compression. Is that where gross is under pressure as well? And if so, what was the kind of the key driver, was it fixed cost deleverage or something else in those segments?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, first of all, I wouldn't focus too much on the quarter. I'd suggest that maybe we focus on the full year, and we were able to show some gross profit improvement for the full year, 9 basis points. Not an overwhelming improvement, but after 2 years of modest decline, I think the team generally did a pretty good job of stabilizing the gross margin and then bringing it back. In Jerry's comments, he mentioned that one of the contributing factors in the quarter what that we did not have the volume incentive rebates to the degree that we had them in the Industrial segment, so we didn't have the benefit of that. And we also didn't use the balance sheet to prop up the income statement because we didn't go out and make big buys at the end of the year to try to capture some of those. Carol referenced in her comments that without the Quaker City acquisition, our inventories were up 2%. So I think as a general statement, our folks did a good job of keeping inventories under control, and we probably gave up opportunities on a little bit of gross profit enhancement. But we felt it was prudent to operate the way we did operate in the fourth quarter. And I'd say in terms of modeling, you might model in that gross profits will be at least equal to what they were this past year. And frankly, we're planning on a modest improvement again in gross profit in 2013.
David Gober - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. And not to beat a dead horse on the Auto Parts business. But Paul, I was wondering if you could kind of walk us through maybe what you're seeing on the DIY part of the business in terms of the decline in the fourth quarter by category. Are you seeing discretionary categories that are weak? Or is it really more of the weather-related categories there maybe just different because of regional concentrations?
Paul D. Donahue: Yes, David. It is more of the discretionary. And our retail business, as I stated in my opening comments, we're certainly not pleased with our retail results. I do believe they're fairly consistent both across our industry, as well as retail in general has been under bit of pressure. But I will tell you that we have a number of initiatives in place as we go into 2013, and I would hope that some of the things that we've put in place would begin to move the needle back in a positive direction for us.
Thomas C. Gallagher: David, I would just add that -- Paul mentioned it in his earlier comments and that is that the average ticket size is actually up a little bit on the retail side, which is very encouraging to us. But we have seen a modest decline in ticket count, so I think a challenge for us is to generate a bit more foot traffic. And that in itself will help the overall retail business.
Paul D. Donahue: And just a follow-up to that, David, we are certainly optimistic. We launched a new advertising campaign post Super Bowl that we fully expect will drive some traffic, and we'll follow up with an additional ad campaign starting as NASCAR kicks off by this Sunday at Daytona.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: This one maybe for Carol a bit. As you talk about working capital management, extending payables, do you have sort of an initial target where you're thinking you're taking the AP inventory ratio to 2013?
Carol B. Yancey: We don't really have a target. We look for continued improvement on that line, maybe not all that we had this year. But we certainly expect to have a continued improvement on that line, but no specific targets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then sort of shifting back to the last question that was just asked on the DIY side of the business. Do you have a feeling, I guess, sort of market share wise, is your performance regionally sort of -- are you getting the feeling that's in line with peers? Or is there aggressive pricing coming out of some of the competitors in the market, either to maintain or enhance their DIY share that may be limiting some of your comp store sales regionally?
Paul D. Donahue: Bret, this is Paul. I think pricing with our peer group has been fairly rational this year. We don't see it in any particular market being any more difficult than another particular market. Again, I think retail in general and the retail consumer is under a bit of stress. Certainly, as Tom mentioned earlier, the payroll tax, that 2% is going to have an impact on some of those -- that walk-in traffic. But again, we've taken on as our responsibility in a tough environment, we've got to go out, be aggressive and take some market share. And that's our plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. But just quickly, could you tell me how much acquisitions contributed in the Industrial and Electrical segments in the quarter?
Carol B. Yancey: Well, Industrial didn't have any acquisitions in the quarter. And Electrical had that small acquisition, Light Fab, that we talked about earlier but it's really immaterial. It's certainly on the balance sheet, and there was just some incremental revenue in earnings as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Hilgert with MorningStar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Jerry, let me add my congratulations and hope you're blessed with many years of happy retirement.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you very much, Rich.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Wanted to kind of drill down a little bit more on the fleet business in Auto. You mentioned during the call that you saw that steadily decline as the year progressed. You also mentioned earlier in the call that some of the uncertainties surrounding government regulation and taxes is causing some reticence among businesses. I'm wondering if those 2 are related? And also as time progresses and as these fleets vehicles age, are we going to see them catch up with repairs first before they start replacing vehicles in those fleets?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, taking the first part, I don't think we have any statistical data that can make a direct correlation between the uncertainty surrounding what's happening in Washington and maybe some of the freight or transportation indices. But one would have to think that there is some inter-connectivity between those 2. If people are deferring or delaying certain purchases, eventually that has to result in some downward movement in the amount of product that's being shipped. The TSI index, just as a point of information, includes over-the-road trucking, it includes rail and it includes barge, it includes aviation. So it's a pretty comprehensive index, and it has been showing signs of deceleration as the year progressed. The second part in terms of the continued aging of the fleet, at some point, those vehicles are going to need some level of repair. What we have seen over more recent times is that if it affects safety or drivability, we're seeing expenditures being made. But if it's at all something that's discretionary, we see more judgment coming in terms of whether or not the repair is going to be made. So I think as long as those vehicles continue to age, it will continue to drive demand for replacement parts.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. The second area I wanted to get a little bit more color on was in the Office Products Group. An earlier question kind of hinted a little bit at it, but it seems to me that pricing pressure is going to continue going forward and that the OfficeMax and Office Depot combination, if it were, in fact, to happen, would happen because they're seeking to get obviously some efficiencies of scale and be able to better compete in the industry because you've got Walmart stores, Costco, you've got Amazon all entering into that space. So your comments earlier said that you saw I think you said it was a 2.7% increase in pricing in Office Products during the year. And I'm wondering, is that because you're focusing in areas outside of what the other players are doing? As you mentioned, you're in furniture and you're in cleaning and break-room. And I'm wondering if those other competitors might start looking at those areas?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we'll try to take them maybe in reverse order. In terms of the product categories that we're in, all of these companies are in each of these categories to one degree or another. In terms of the 2.7% inflationary impact on Office Products, that's calculated based upon manufacturer price increases to us, not necessarily our price increases out to our customer base. And then looking at the potential acquisition or combination of Office Depot and OfficeMax, obviously, they see enormous potential for synergies, and I think they run into a number of different categories. They're not just purchase price synergies. I think they're going to wind up being, perhaps even greater, in the non-procurement side of the business just because of the redundancy that exists today with the 2 freestanding companies.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. But it's still reasonable to assume that with a company like Amazon getting into this space, we're going to see more pricing competition because of online getting into it?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, it would seem so. But keep in mind that we already are a provider of product to online resellers. Many of our customers have online presence. Staples, I think, would be second only to Amazon in terms of their online business. So the fact that we have a new entrant does not mean it's new to the industry. This is something that's been around for a while, and I think it's reasonable to say that they will put some pricing pressure in the different channels. But we've already been competing, and our customer set has already been competing with very, very good e-tail companies that are out there today.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great, great. And just a last housekeeping item, the $23.5 million gain from the pension that's in the SG&A. I was wondering, is that divided up amongst the segments? Or is that primarily in the Automotive segment operating income?
Carol B. Yancey: All of the pension curtailment gain, the $23.5 million, is in the other line. So it is not in the segments.
Operator: And that's all of the allotted time that we have for questions. I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, thank you, all, very much. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We look forward to giving you more of an update as we work our way through the first quarter. And we'll close again by thanking Jerry Nix for 34 outstanding years and wishing him the very, very best in the years going forward.
Jerry W. Nix: I thank each of you as well. It's been a great ride. And you've got a great stock that you're holding here and look forward to continuing to progress.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol B. Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul D. Donahue - President, President of The U S Automotive Parts Group and Director Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President of Finance, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Shaun Kolnick - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dawn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call for Genuine Parts Company. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Secretary, you may begin your conference.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call to discuss our results as well as the outlook for the remainder of the year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filing. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; Paul Donahue, our President; and I will each handle a portion of today's call and once we have concluded our remarks, we'll look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our third quarter 2012 results, and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter was $3,376 million, which was up 3%. Net income was $172.9 million, which was up 14%, and earnings per share were $1.11 this year, compared to $0.97 last year, and the EPS increase was also 14%. After being up 7% in revenue in the first quarter and 5% in Q2, the 3% increase in the third quarter does show deceleration over the past 2 quarters. We were short 1 sales day in the quarter this year, so on a per day basis, our third quarter revenues were up just over 4%. However, with that said, the third quarter results are a bit better on a per day basis, but we did experience a continued decelerating trend in demand in 3 of our 4 businesses, which we'll discuss in a bit more detail in a moment. Despite the softer sales results, we do feel that our team did a good job on the operating side of the business by leveraging a 3% sales increase to a 14% increase in both net income and earnings per share. A review of the results by business segments shows that our Industrial and Electrical/Electronic segments continue to generate the strongest results. Industrial was up 4.5% in the quarter and Electrical was up 5%. Both had challenging comparisons to go against, with Industrial being up 18% in the third quarter of last year and Electrical/Electronic was up 22%. With that said, however, the results in each case were a little lighter than we had anticipated going into the quarter. And looking a bit deeper into the Industrial performance, we see that their top 10 industry segments were up 2% in the quarter. These segments represent a little over 50% of the total Industrial revenues, so they're important to our overall performance. And the 2% increase in the quarter follows a 12% increase in these same segments in the first quarter, an 8% increase in Q2, indicating demand moderation across these key customer categories. Interestingly, the moderation is not consistent across all segments. Industries like automotive, iron and steel and chemicals have remained pretty steady over the first 3 quarters of the year. But then we have seen decelerating growth rates in Equipment and Machinery, Equipment Leasing and Coal segments reflectively feel of the overall economic slowdown over the past several months, as well as a slowdown in global demand for a number of these customers. And we see some of the same inconsistency in the EIS results as well, with Wire and Cable continuing to perform quite well, but then we're more challenged in the Electrical and Electronics segments, primarily in the solar and contract Manufacturing industries. So the current environment is a bit more challenging and choppy for our Industrial and Electrical/Electronic businesses, but the key external demand indicators, industrial production, manufacturing capacity utilization and the Purchasing Managers' Index all remain generally favorable, and our expectation is for each of these businesses to grow 6% to 8% over the final quarter of the year. Moving on to Office Products, we were down 1% in the quarter, which is pretty much in line with the 1.5% decrease in Q1 and the 1% decline in Q2. So no significant movement up or down, although on a per day basis the quarterly Office Products results were positive for the first time this year, which is a bit encouraging. As has been the case all year long, the Mega customers outpaced the independent customers in the quarter, with the Megas growing mid-single digits and the independents declining low single digit. On the product side, the Cleaning and breakroom category grew at mid-single digits, Tech Products were flat, Office Products down just slightly and Furniture was off low single digit. At this point, we don't see any material changes in the overall Office Products environment, with conditions remaining challenging for several more quarters at a minimum, and our expectation is for fourth quarter sales to be in a range of down 1% to up 1%, which would put S.P. Richards down 1% for the year. So that's a quick overview of the nonautomotive segments and at this point, we'll ask Paul to give you an update on our Automotive business. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tom. I'd like to add my welcome to each of you this morning. I'm pleased to join both Jerry and Tom and to have the opportunity to provide with you all an update on the third quarter performance of our North American Automotive business. Automotive is our company's largest business segment and we ended the third quarter with sales up 2.5%. For the 9 months ended September 30, our Automotive business is up 4% over the same period in 2011. Our sales pattern in the third quarter was very similar to our second quarter results. In fact, when we account for the 1 less selling day in the third quarter this year versus 2011, total automotive sales were up 4%, in line with the 4% we delivered in the second quarter. I will say our overall sales were softer than what we expected at the beginning of the quarter. We believe there are a number of factors impacting our industry, including the mild winter temperatures experienced in the northern half of the country, along with the ongoing uncertainty in the economy. Fortunately, we'll begin to annualize the impact of the weather late in the fourth quarter and a more normalized winter weather pattern should serve to improve demand. In addition, we continue to believe that the underlying long-term fundamentals in the automotive aftermarket remain strong, and the industry will continue to benefit from the solid growth opportunities this offers us well into the future. The aging vehicle population now reported to be close to 11 years, the continued growth in the number of older vehicles and the positive year-over-year miles driven numbers bodes well for all of us in the industry. And we feel NAPA is well positioned to capture its share of the increase in demand generated by these positive trends. When we further analyze our third quarter results, the sales momentum we began to see in late June and early July softened in the middle of the quarter before bouncing back in September. Our average daily sales in the month of September were our strongest since back in March. As a result, our total automotive revenues, adjusted for 1 less selling day, improved 4% for the second consecutive quarter. The components of this revenue growth include a 1% same-store sales increase, the positive sales contribution from our acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts, offset by a slight loss due to currency exchange. Regarding the increase in our core growth, it is important to point out that our results varied significantly by region of the country. The traditional cold weather regions, our Central, Midwest and Eastern divisions, which comprise about 1/3 of our overall business, consistently underperformed the other regions across the U.S. This likely is a direct reflection of the impact of the mild winter in these colder climate areas. The mild winter temperatures also impacted key weather-sensitive product categories in these regions, products like wipers, brakes and ignition products. We believe this type of regional disparity and product category impact is consistent across most of the industry. It also serves to reason that a return to a more normal winter weather pattern should drive a potential upswing in demand in the upcoming winter months. Moving along, we're very pleased with the positive contribution from our Quaker City Motor Parts acquisition. Their third quarter and year-to-date sales contribution was in line with our expectations. We have a strong team in place, our transition plans are on track and we are excited with the opportunities that Quaker City will provide to us in the future. Turning to the results for our company-owned store group. In the quarter, our Commercial business continued to outperform our Retail business. Taking a look at the Retail business first, the quarter trended down 1%, which follows a 2% decline in the second quarter. Our average number of invoices per day was down slightly, while our average dollar value increased. On the commercial side, in our company-owned stores, the quarter ended up 1%, consistent with our growth in this segment in the second quarter. Our average number of invoices was flat, while our average dollar value per invoice increased. So we're somewhat encouraged to see that while our overall store traffic is down slightly, our average order size is increasing. It's also encouraging to see both our retail and our commercial businesses showing steady results on a sequential basis. Likewise, this is reflected in both our NAPA AutoCare and Major Account business results as well. Sales for these 2 important customer groups were up low to mid-single digits in the third quarter. We're pleased to report we reached a record number of NAPA AutoCare centers in the third quarter, which bodes well for future revenue growth. So in summary, demand in the automotive aftermarket in the third quarter proved very similar to what we experienced in the April to June quarter. We do remain bullish about the core fundamentals impacting the automotive aftermarket and our Automotive Parts Group. These core fundamentals, combined with our own internal growth initiatives, provide us ample growth opportunities for the fourth quarter and well into the future. In light of that, our expectations for our North American Automotive Parts business is to generate a fourth quarter sales increase in the range of 6% to 8%. So that completes our overview on the Automotive business in the third quarter, and at this time, I'll hand it over to Jerry for a review of the financial results. Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Paul. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the third quarter and 9-month income statements and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, then we'll open the call up to your questions. View of the income statement shows the following: Total sales at a record high of $3.4 billion for the third quarter, an increase of 3% from last year and this reflects a 4% increase on a daily sales basis. For the 9 months, total sales of $9.9 billion, up 5% from 2011. And you've heard from Tom and Paul, the sales environment remained challenging in the quarter, but we're proud of our team for working through these difficult conditions and reaching another record sales level for the company. We remain focused on achieving continuous, steady growth in the fourth quarter for 2012 -- of 2012 and beyond. Gross profit for the third quarter, 28.9% of sales is even with the gross margin achieved in the third quarter of last year. For the 9 months, gross margin of 29.0% was up 30 basis points from the 28.7% from the same period in 2011. So we made nice progress on improving our gross margin for the year, although the third quarter's a little bit more challenging, due to the competitive sales environment and slightly lower levels of vendor incentives earned for the quarter. We'll continue to look opportunities to expand our gross margin through ongoing initiatives to effectively manage supply chain cost, increase distribution efficiencies and maximize our pricing potential. Our management teams across all of our businesses are committed to this effort. For the year, cumulative pricing, which represents supplier increases to us, was a negative 0.3% in automotive, plus 1.2% in industrial, plus 2.7% in Office Products and a negative 0.7% in electrical. Turning to SG&A. Total expenses, $705 million in the third quarter and that's up 2% from 2011 and at 20.9% of sales, is down from 21.3% in the third quarter of last year. For the 9 months, total SG&A expenses, $2.1 billion, that's up 3% and at 21.2% of total sales compared to 21.5% for the same 9 months in 2011. We attribute our steady improvement in this area to the combined benefits of greater leverage associated with our sales growth and our intense focus on managing our expenses. Throughout the organization, we've made solid progress in controlling our expenses and we'll continue to assess and align the proper cost structure of our businesses as we move through the year and beyond. We continue to benefit from ongoing cost saving initiatives, including investments in technology, which have positively impacted the operating efficiency in our distribution centers and stores, as well as supply chain costs in areas such as freight and logistics, among others. For the third quarter, we also experienced savings in our corporate expenses, which we'll discuss further in a few moments. Now let's discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter of $1,650.9 million. That represents 49% of the total, and is up 2.5%. And operating profit of $150.6 million, up 7%, so very nice margin expansion from 8.8% to 9.1% of revenue. The Industrial Group had revenue in the quarter, $1,138.9 million. That represents 34% of the total, and it's up 4.5% and they had operating profit of $94.6 million, down 3%. So poor leverage and little less incentives in the quarter caused our operating margin to slip from 8.9% to 8.3% in the quarter. Office Products, $444.3 million in sales for the quarter, represents 13% of the total. That's down 1%, and they had operating profit of $29.9 million and that's up 10%. So very strong margin expansion there going from 6.1% to 6.7% of revenue. Electrical Group's sales in the quarter, $150.9 million, represent 4% of the total, that's up 5%, and operating profit $13.6 million, up 22%. So outstanding margin expansion there due to the leverage off the sales and lower copper pricing, but that's a record half at 9.0% in the quarter. And moving to the 9 months. Automotive had revenue of $4,789.3 million, up 4%. Operating profit of $418.2 million, up 11%. Again, very strong margin expansion for that group, going from 8.2% to 8.7%. The Industrial Group had revenue for the 9 months of $3,398.8 million, up 8%. Operating profit $274.0 million, up 10%. So again, even though with a slight decline in the quarter, they were up solid for the year, for the 9 months 7.9%, prior year, 8.1% for the current year. Office Products had revenue for the 9 months, $1,283.7 million, down 1%. Operating profit of $98.1 million, that's up 2%. So again, excellent margin expansion from 7.4% to 7.6%, considering a negative sales increase, they've done a good job of taking infrastructure costs out and managing their expenses downward. Electrical Group had revenue at -- for the 9 months, $447.4 million, up 7%. Operating profit $38.5 million, up 27%. So again, very strong margin expansion from 7.2% to 8.6% at a record high, and I would not expected for them to continue to show that kind of improvement in their operating margin, but we're extremely pleased with the level that they are at this time. Total operating profit was up approximately 4% in the third quarter, and operating profit margin improved 20 basis points to 8.6% from 8.4% in the third quarter 2011. This follows margin improvement of 70 and 40 basis points for the first and second quarters of 2012, respectively, and total operating margin for the 9 months is 8.4%, and that's up 40 basis points from 8.0% last year. We're pleased with this level of margin expansion and expect to show continued year-over-year operating margin expansion in the fourth quarter as well. We had net interest expense of $5.0 million and $14.7 million for the third quarter and 9 months, respectively, which is down from 2011 due mainly to the lower interest rate on our $250 million debt agreement that was funded in November of last year. We'll discuss our debt position later, but we currently expect our net interest expense to be approximately $20 million to $22 million for the full year. Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and noncontrolling interest was $12.3 million expense in the third quarter, and is $47.0 million for the 9 months of September. This last [indiscernible] improvement in the third quarter due primarily to the company's favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment and the income recorded for our 30% investment in Exego. These 2 factors, as well as the positive impact of our ongoing cost savings served to improve this expense line, and we currently project the total other category to be in the $60 million to $65 million range for the full year, which is relatively consistent with 2011. For the quarter, tax rate approximately 36.3% was down from 38.6% last year, due to the nontaxable status of the favorable retirement plan I just -- we just discussed. And for the 9 months, the 36.4% rate compares to 36.8% for the same period last year, and we'd expect our full year tax rate for 2012 to be approximately 36.5%. Net income for the quarter, $172.9 million is up 14%. EPS increased to $1.11, compared to $0.97 last year, also up 14%. For the year, through September, net income is up 13%, EPS of $3.11 is up 14% over the prior year. The third quarter was another record level of earnings for us, and we want to recognize all of our associates at Genuine Parts Company for achieving this milestone. This requires a great deal of hard work and dedication on their part, and we're proud of their accomplishment. Now let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at September 30 was strong, at $398 million, up from approximately $172 million at June 30, although down from over $500 million at September last year and at December 31 of 2011. Our current cash position reflects the more than $500 million used for several investing activities earlier this year, including the January 1 investment in Exego, the leading automotive distribution company in Australia and New Zealand, the Electrical Group's Light Fab acquisition on February 1 and Automotive's Quaker City acquisition closed on May 1. These significant uses of cash were partially offset by the increase in earnings, effective asset management and cost reductions. Accounts receivable, $1.6 billion September 30 increased 5% from September 30 last year, on a 3% sales increase for the third quarter. As we said before, our goal is to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth, so we have work to do in this area and we expect to see progress toward this goal in the fourth quarter. Overall, though, we're satisfied with the quality of our receivables. Inventory. 9/30 of 2012, $2.4 billion, that's an increase of approximately 4% compared to September 30 and December 31 of 2011. The increase is attributable to impact of our acquisitions thus far in 2012 and inventories are actually down slightly from both September and December, when you break the acquisitions out. Our team is doing an excellent job of managing our inventory levels and we remain focused on maintaining this key investment at the appropriate levels as we move through the final quarter of 2012. Accounts payable balance at September 30, $1.8 billion, that's up 11% from September 30 last year and up 22% from December 31. Significant increase in trade payables reflects the impact of extended payment terms and other payable initiatives that we've negotiated with our vendors. Improving our payables position has been a priority for us over the last couple of years and had a -- has a positive impact on our days and payables, with DPO up 2 days from 62 -- to 62 from 60 last year. Working capital of $2.6 billion at September 30 is up approximately 17% -- 7% from September 30 last year as reported, but is down 3% after adding back the $250 million in current debt at September 30 of 2011, which was converted and reclassified to long-term debt in the fourth quarter of that year. Effectively managing accounts receivable and inventory payables is very important to us, and our ongoing progress with these accounts has had a tremendous impact on improving our working capital position and cash flow. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. Total debt September 30, 2012, remains unchanged at $500 million. First $250 million in debt is due in November of 2013, and the debt with agreement signed in November of last year is due in November of 2016. Total debt, total capitalization at September 30 was 14.0 and although comfortable with our capital structure, we want to remind you that back on September 11, we entered into a multicurrency syndicated credit facility agreement of $850 million. And this agreement, which carried a 5-year term and an interest rate of LIBOR plus 75 basis points, replaces a $350 million unsecured revolving line of credit that was scheduled to mature this December. New facility provides us with expanding borrowing capacities to support our growth opportunities as may be needed from time to time. No amounts are borrowed under this agreement at September 30 of this year. The company continued to generate solid cash flows and 2012 is shaping up to be another very strong year for us. We currently estimate cash from operations, $775 million to $825 million for the full year and at this level, free cash flow, after deducting CapEx and dividends, should be approximate $350 million to $400 million. Continuous strength of our cash flows is encouraging. We remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of this cash, which we believe serves to maximize shareholder value. First priority's the dividend, which we've paid every year since going public in 1948, and have increased for 56 consecutive years. The company's 2012 annual dividend of $1.98, represents a 10% increase from $1.80 paid in 2011 and represents a payout ratio of approximately 55% of our 2011 earnings per share. Our goal would be maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment capital expenditures were $20.0 million for the third quarter and that's down from $22.2 million invested in the third quarter last year. For the 9 months, CapEx totaled $71.6 million, compared to $63.9 million for the same period the prior year. We planned for this level of increase and expect our CapEx spending for the full year to be in the range of $100 million to $120 million. Vast majority of these investments will continue to be weighted toward productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Appreciation and amortization, $25.6 million in the quarter, is $73.3 million for the 9 months. Both the quarter and the 9-month number's up slightly and we continue to expect D&A to be approximately $100 million to $110 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. We're pleased that our investment in Exego and the Quaker City acquisition in the Automotive Group, as well as a small acquisition in the Electrical business, continue to perform as planned and are contributing nicely to our results. We remain active in seeking new acquisitions for our businesses, generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, thus far in 2012, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 980,000 shares of our common stock under the company's share repurchase program and have another 12.6 million shares authorized and available for repurchase today. We've no set pattern for these repurchases, but expect to be active in the program over the balance of 2012, and we continue to believe our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. In closing, we want to once again thank all of our GPC associates for their great job they're doing. They are to be commended for achieving another quarter of record sales and earnings. We're well-positioned for continued growth in our businesses. We remain optimistic in our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2012, due primarily to the many positive initiatives in place throughout our organization. As always, we'll support our growth with a strong cash flow and healthy balance sheet, further maximizing our return to shareholders. That concludes our financial review, so I'll turn it back to Tom. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry and Paul, for the fine updates. So that's a quick overview of our third quarter results, and in looking back over the quarter, we would say that we were a bit disappointed in the sales results in each of our 4 businesses, but at the same time, they seem to be in line with the respective trends in each of the businesses. We do think that our team operated pretty well and made some good progress on the operating side of the business despite the revenue challenges, and we continue to keep the balance sheet in good shape. Now as far as the fourth quarter is concerned, the individual sales guidance that was provided during our comments was for Automotive, Industrial and Electrical/Electronic to each be up 6% to 8% in the quarter, and for Office Products to be in a range of down 1% to plus 1%. This would give the total company an increase of 6% to 7% for the quarter, and would put us up 5% to 6% for the year. On the earnings side, we remain comfortable with our prior full year guidance of $4 to $4.10, with a bias toward the middle part of the range, and this would give us an EPS increase of 12% to 14% for the year. And with full year sales being up 5% to 6%, and earnings per share up 12% to 14%, we feel that 2012 will turn out to be another respectable year for the GPC team. So that will conclude our planned comments, and we'll now turn back over to Dawn to take your questions. Dawn?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Greg Melich with ISI.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I really just want to get into the Automotive sales acceleration that you expect from the fourth quarter. If I'm doing this right, you were up around 4% on a real basis in the third quarter. And you think you'll up 6% to 8% in the fourth. What gives you the confidence there? Is there a shift in how sales are running quarter-to-date, is it acquisition, did FX -- give us a roadmap there?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Greg, this is Tom, and I think the primary difference is the fact that we were short 1 day in the third quarter, but we get that day back in the fourth quarter, so our expectation is that on a per day basis, we'll see a little bit of an uptick from what we saw in the third quarter, and then the benefit of that extra day. We're actually expecting just a bit of improvement on a day-to-day basis.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So if that day was 150 bps in the third quarter, it would be 150 bps help in the fourth quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That's right.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then secondly, you mentioned on Auto, the deflation. It's been a while since we've seen deflation in that category, if I remember correctly. How should we expect that to flow through to the top line and gross margin?
Jerry W. Nix: Greg, just quickly, the last time we saw deflation in Automotive was 2009.
Thomas C. Gallagher: And in terms of the effect on top line, the levels that we're at, we're down 30 basis points year-to-date. That will be a pretty modest impact on that. If we see further deflation, obviously, it'll be a little bit of a headwind, but right now, our expectation is a very modest impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the auto sales question as well. I mean, as we think about the industry, it's -- we're getting sort of conflicting signals of, some weakness, some relative stability. Just curious what you're seeing in general, you think in the end market there. And also, really just curious if you've seen anything change in inventory in the channel. Is the inventory heavy or light and then hopefully at some point as we see a pickup, would there be sort of an inventory pull-through for your auto sales numbers?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, John, I'll take a first stab at that. One thing to keep in mind is what Paul referenced in his comments, and that's the geographic differences that we've experienced thus far this year with our cold weather operations being much more challenged than the remainder of the operations and it's a fairly significant delta in performance when we look at that. And our expectation is that delta will start to reduce some as we work our way through the fourth quarter and on into next year. In terms of what we're seeing in the end markets, what we're hearing from some of our good installer customers pretty much mirrors what we've reported in our own results, and they're talking about big [ph] counts, the traffic actually holding relatively steady, but the work orders, the value of the work orders is under a little bit of pressure, which we think is indicative of the consumer being a bit more discretionary with how they're spending their dollars currently. On the inventory side of it, we don't see any material difference in the inventory, and keep in mind, the main inventory that we would have would be at the store level, and that has, I think held pretty constant so we don't see any reduction nor do we see any opportunity for a great run-up in inventory. At the installer level, the commercial side of it, there's very little inventory that's really held and we don't think that, that's going to change one way or the other going forward. Won't have any impact.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then, Jerry, just on the new bank facility that's put in -- been put in place, you said you've -- that has now been changed to a multicurrency facility. So obviously, that would help you out with Exego or any other international acquisitions in the future. I'm just curious, is the upsizing and changing that to a multicurrency facility really just in preparation of what may happen with Exego? Are there other international acquisitions that you guys see that could be real attractive to you in the future?
Jerry W. Nix: Well, we haven't seen any of any significant size. We'd still be open to making it, if made sense, but this is primarily in preparation for the Exego transaction.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And the 14% debt to cap that you're at right now obviously is – it's real solid and fairly low. I mean, would you be willing to take that up materially in the course of the Exego transaction or any other transaction?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, we would if it made sense to maximize the shareholder value. But yes, we would -- if we do the Exego transaction, we'll definitely have to have some debt.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So are you thinking about an absolute ceiling there in the 30% to 40% range, or is it something much lower than that?
Jerry W. Nix: It's lower than 30% to 40%, but we've done a little work and it could -- if we had -- depending on our cash flow and how well we do in managing working capital, it could be in the high -- in the mid-20%, not high-20% range, so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess one of the questions I had is, l this is really another follow-up on the auto commentary. I guess, Tom, you've mentioned consumers seem to be a bit more discerning on their spending. And I know this is an opinion, but would you attribute that to weaker consumer spending trends? Maybe higher gas prices? Or do you think it's possible that consumers are potentially just doing less work, maintenance and repair work on their vehicles because they're interested in new car sales at this point?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think and again, it's just an opinion, as you said, my thought is that the consumer has a finite amount of discretionary spending, and I think part of that may have been geared more toward electronics with the new iPhone or the new iPad, or other electronic items. I think part of it might have gone to back-to-school, because it was a regionally good back-to-school season this year. I think when it comes to the Automotive, what we're seeing and what we're being told is that the repair that's absolutely critical, or anything that affects drivability, they're in fact getting done, but then their bias is to try to do it for the least amount of money possible, so if we look at our good, better, best product outflow, we see strong performance in the good and better categories and less strong performance in the best product category. And then we also see if there are multiple things that need to be worked on, or should be worked on, on the vehicle, if it's not critical, we're seeing deferral on some of that. And we've some of this at times in the past, and at least in the past, what we've seen happen is there is a point in time when some of this maintenance that's been deferred winds up coming back into the aftermarket, and we all have an opportunity to benefit from that.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But have you seen that kind of reaction or behavior on the part of consumers, let's call it any in the last 4 years?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, what we've seen going back to 2008 and '09 is we saw very significant evidence of deferral of the some of the items that needed to be purchased, and we came back with strong overall industry results and good positive results for GPC in '10 and '11. There is a question out there, and you alluded to it and that is, what's the impact of the increased vehicle sales this year, and depending upon whose number, I guess, it'll be something, let's call it $14.5 million. If you look back to 2004 through 2007, we had anywhere from $16.1 million to, I think it was $16.9 million in new car sales. And all of those years were really good years for the aftermarket. So we had a higher rate of new car sales on a base that's about the same as what it is today, and the new car dealers benefited and the aftermarket performed well in that period of time. Then we went into the recession and we saw new car sales go down, aftermarket went down and the aftermarket has come back well in '10 and '11. We see some of the geographic diversity that we see right now in 2012 and some of the consumer spending patterns that we think we're living through, but the fundamentals, as Paul pointed out, the fundamentals are still generally positive and favorable and we'll see this thing come back to a more normal state, I think, as the quarters progress.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, very helpful. And then just a quickie. Jerry, what was the size of the retirement plan adjustment?
Jerry W. Nix: About $4.5 million, $5 million. The one positive about it was a negative adjustment in the third quarter of last year, and it was a positive adjustment and the pickup this quarter was $3 million, but we had a swing compared to the third quarter of last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'll stick with the auto thread here. You talked about September being better on a per day basis. Was that true versus July, as well as August? And is there anything that you saw on the regional side or the category side that could either support or refute the weather thesis?
Paul D. Donahue: Chris, this is Paul. I would just tell you that our September same-store business was low to mid-single-digit year-over-year. So we did see a nice lift in September. And that was across most of our divisions. So even those divisions that -- those cold weather divisions that we mentioned, the Central part of the country, Midwest and Northeast saw a bit of a lift in September as well. So we're encouraged, and I would tell you that back to a question that Scot asked, when you look at some of the things happening in the economy, consumer confidence does seem to be growing somewhat, at least that's what was reported in September and housing starts are moving in the right direction. So there is -- there does seem to be a bit of optimism out here that we haven't seen in a while.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And that low to mid-single-digit per day compares to the 4% adjusted for the quarter -- for the third quarter?
Paul D. Donahue: Correct.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, so a little bit. So maybe if that was 4%, so maybe a little bit better than 4%, is what you're trying to say, right?
Paul D. Donahue: We'll stick with the low to mid-single digit there, Chris.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And I was just curious, on the brakes side of the business, I think, as a consumer I can understand batteries not failing because the cold and wipers, perhaps as well. I mean, what's your view on the brake business, whether that -- is that a macro thing? Or is that a weather thing, because our understanding is, brakes are pretty tough, so will the weather actually result in improved sales in that category?
Paul D. Donahue: The brake business, as we understand it, Chris, it's been a challenge for us. We've down low single digits for the year, and it is geographical. Certainly, in those northern territories, we have seen more of a decline in our brake business and we do believe that's weather-related. And we do believe it's across the industry as well.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally on the Industrial side, you talk about some haves and have-nots in terms of the category. Is there anything changing in terms of some of the weaker categories, some of that trend throughout the quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, the 3 that I highlighted, we saw a decelerating trend sequentially from Q1 through Q3. I can't give you the specifics about the month sequence. In terms of any changes, we are seeing evidence that some of the housing-related industries have picked up just a little bit, as Paul mentioned, housing starts have gone up. Some of the plywood mills are opening back up or increasing production, so hopefully, that's something that will sustain in the quarters ahead. Where we see some weakness is where some of these companies are larger exporters and some of what's happening in the global economy is starting to have an impact on their North American production.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then one final one, just have you seen anything in terms of a drought impact in terms of some of your Ag customers?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Absolutely, absolutely. So if you go into the farm communities, you see some real impact there. So that's had an impact both in Automotive, as well as in our Industrial business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Follow-up question on your comments about September being the best since March. Within that, and I think it was partially addressed earlier, do you see an improvement in the maintenance category in that trend as well? It seems that Maintenance has underperformed, failure industry-wide, but are you seeing some improving demand in what had been lagging categories?
Paul D. Donahue: Some modest improvement there, yes.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, regionally, and it's tough to look at it, you said about 1/3 of your business was in the geographically more challenged markets. And could you sort of break out the relative delta on that performance? Or maybe a way to look at it without doing that would be to give us some idea of the comp, maybe for Quaker City year-over-year? I mean you didn't own it last year, but if you could -- was it a positive comp or do we actually slide negative in some of these Eastern and East -- North Central markets?
Paul D. Donahue: Well, I'll take the first part of that, Bret. The northern divisions that we mentioned, their comps are running low to mid-single-digit down, year-over-year. The balance of our business, which is 6 divisions comprising the West, Southwest, Southern, is up mid-single -- low to mid-single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Vigneau with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's actually Matt Fassler, along with Matt Vigneau. A couple questions here. First of all, as you think about the underlying run rate, adjusted for days, I want to confirm that the acquisition probably contributed a bit more this quarter than it did at the last quarter, when you only had it in place for a partial period. Is that the right way to think about it?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes, that's right. We had 2 months in the prior quarter, 3 months this quarter.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So it's only 1 month difference, so a fairly small difference. And when you talk about the -- September being the best year-on-year performance that you had since March, is that including or excluding the impact of the acquisition?
Thomas C. Gallagher: In both cases. On a per day basis, if we look at average daily sales volume for the month of September, the ongoing operations had a record as did the -- with the Quaker City, but in Quaker City, we had a very strong performance in September.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then secondly, the Industrial -- there's been a lot of focus on the fourth quarter guidance for Automotive. I want to look for a moment in Industrial, with I guess 2 questions, interrelated. The first is that, there seems to have been some disconnect between the macro factors that you used to project your business and the revenue growth that you reported. And then, if you could correct me if I'm wrong, whether the extra day kind of hits Industrial similarly to the way it does Automotive, such that x the day hit, you would have been close to 6%, and the acceleration you expect is not that substantial?
Paul D. Donahue: The -- we were, on a per day basis, we were up 6.1% in the quarter, on a per day basis.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in terms of the micro versus macro, your numbers and your experience sequentially, versus some of the macro indicators still looking good, and your expectation that the third quarter represents kind of the lower bounds of performance. Any insights that you have either, trends through the quarter, quarter to date, that give you the confidence for that pick up?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we're too early in this quarter to try to comment on any trends, but some of the industries that we service, the industry segments are very strong right now. I mentioned Automotive as a for instance, we're benefiting from the strength in the new car sales, the improvement that we're seeing there. The thing we don't know is, what the impact is going to be for some of the companies or segments that are a little bit more export-dependent because we have seen deceleration there, coal would be an example, and primarily the Eastern coal has been really hard hit over the last couple of quarters, and we don't know that it's going to come back this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just want to spend a little bit more time on the operating profit in motion, with sales up $50 million, but operating profit off by $2.5 million. I know you called out some puts and takes there, but maybe just spend another minute going through how you can see -- how you see that operating profit moving through the fourth quarter, maybe early into next year?
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, this is Jerry. If you look, and Industrial business was 8% -- up 8% in sales in the second quarter and ending up 4.5% here in the third quarter, and so we're not going to build inventory to get incentive. And so we took in less incentives in the third quarter as we had through the 6 months and last time we did, last year we're basically down slightly in incentives this third quarter compared to 2011. So both of those contribute to that slowing in that growth and the operating margin in the quarter. But if you look for the 9 months, they're still doing a good job with their operating margin, they're still up 20 basis points, and we would expect to see that kind of improvement for the year.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just going to the multicurrency facility again. You've talked about Exego as a good opportunity on a kind of a go-forward basis, and owning the 30% is kind of putting the balloon out there to see if you like the business or not. With the multicurrency facility happening this early, would it be appropriate to say that you're more than pleased with how Exego had gone this far?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, we're more than pleased with how it's gone thus far, but just because we did this facility at -- we had a facility of $350 million, facility expiring in December. We went ahead and got this out of the way and we can -- it's a 5-year facility. So we can do it at this quarter, we can do it in 5 quarters, at whatever period. We just took -- put that in there to be in a position to do whatever we needed to do.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just along those lines with the idea that Exego may not happen for a while, given where the stock is, given where the cash balance is and given some decent visibility on some improvement that you expect for Auto on a seasonal basis next year, why wouldn't you become more aggressive on a -- to repurchase shares at this time?
Jerry W. Nix: There's no reason. And you may see that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Gober with Morgan Stanley.
Shaun Kolnick - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Shaun Kolnick on for Dave. Are you seeing anything different in the competitive environment when it comes to auto parts from 3Q, maybe to 2Q?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we could say that we've seen it in that short a period. What we're experiencing right now is what we go through periodically, and that is when business slows up somewhat, the competitive environment increases somewhat. So it's a fairly normal pattern that we experience at times like these, and this particular pattern is very consistent with what we've seen in past times.
Shaun Kolnick - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one more on the AP to inventory side. You had a pretty nice quarter, up about 400 basis points. Do you have any idea of how much further progress you might be able to make there?
Jerry W. Nix: We can continue to make progress. It's a difficult thing to tell you how much progress we can make. We're going to continue work with our vendors in negotiating terms, prices and everything. That's just an ongoing priority for us. Really don't have a number that I can give you that we're going we try for or try to reach, but you'll see continued improvement there, I think.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to jump back to Industrial. As you talk to your customers, and I know you guys have staff [ph] in the top 10 industries and what they're in [ph] the quarter, what are they looking at in terms of their pace of business over the next 3 to 6 months? Is it accelerating, decelerating or are they just uncertain?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think uncertainty would be more the answer and it's more because of the external uncertainty. So there are people out there that are sitting, waiting to make some capital expenditure decisions dependent upon how things develop over the next quarter or so. So right now, it's a little hard to answer that specifically, Keith, but that's what we're hearing from customer set.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Is that due to Europe, or things more domestic?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's a combination of both, honestly. Obviously, the domestic thing is more immediate, with the election and then the fiscal cliff that may loom out there, but then there's also a number of these companies that are dependent upon some demand in Europe that are bit uncertain as to what's going to happen there. But that plays out more over a medium to longer term, we think.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Efraim Levy with S&P Capital IQ.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: In the release you mentioned gains in certain industries, which ones were the gainers and what were the drivers of those gains?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'm sorry, can you repeat that? You broke up on us.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: Sure. You mentioned that there were -- in the press release, that there were certain gains in certain industries you gained market share. Which ones were the ones where you gained market share, and what were the drivers of those gains?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I would say that if we look across the 4 businesses, we've performed, at a minimum in line with the performance of the overall industries and perhaps we gained a little bit in each of the industries. And if you look at Automotive as a for instance, I think that if we look at the publicly traded companies in the aggregate, the performance of each of the companies would suggest that we might be gaining, as a group, a bit at the expense of the non-publicly traded companies as a general statement. Then in terms of the other businesses, we just have to look at our performance directly with our publicly traded competitors and see how they stack up. But I think overall, our teams are doing a pretty good job of holding their own at a minimum and maybe improving their position in a few cases.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: You'd say it's largely execution driven, nothing…
Thomas C. Gallagher: That's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers with Wunderlich Securities.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: This is Anjali Voria in for Brent Rakers. I know you talked a little bit about the Office op margin lift that you saw in the quarter. Could you talk a little bit further, maybe give a little bit more clarity on that side of the equation, especially when you're seeing growth from independents flowing? I'm trying to assess where that list is coming from. And then also, as a follow-up, do you think you'll see that typical lift in Q4 on both the Office and Motion side, please?
Jerry W. Nix: I don't think you're going to see a continued lift in the margins at the Office Parts side. Where that's coming from is not in the gross margin side of things, it's coming in the expense reduction and infrastructure costs adjustments that they're making there. They've been in a depressed sales environment for some time, and the management team there is doing a good job of taking their cost out and they're going to continue to focus on taking further cost out until they see revenue recovery. But I don't -- you're not going to continue to see movement up in it, but I think it -- we would be pleased, really if the Office Products side would just continue to hold their margin. They were 7.6% for the 9 months, and we would expect them to maintain that for the full year. In the Industrial side, we were up 20 basis points for the 9 months, and there's no reason to think that they can't maintain that for the full year, but that's going to be dependent upon what kind of revenue growth they get, and I'm sure that they'll do a good job leveraging their expenses off of that revenue growth.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up question from the line of Greg Melich with ISI.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: On these sales again, in Auto, I just want to make sure that the up low to mid-single digits, that compares to the 1% same-store sales in the quarter or to the overall sales?
Jerry W. Nix: Greg, we're going to have to dance around that question. We -- what we'll have to do is research that and get you an answer, if you don't mind, Sid or I will work back with you on that one.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then, I guess, another one, sort of a straightforward about the quarter is, how much did FX hurt and how much did Quaker City help?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we haven't given those out specifically, but if we net the impact of Quaker City against the 1 less day and the negative in FX, net-net, it had a 1% positive for us in the quarter.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn it back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Jerry W. Nix: Dawn, thank you. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today, and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward with talking with you in future, if not before then certainly, when we report our fourth quarter and year-end results in February. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's third quarter 2012 Genuine Parts Earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol B. Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul D. Donahue - President and President of The U S Automotive Parts Group Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President of Finance, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc. Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Judy Merrick
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance, you may begin your conference.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call, where we will discuss our results and the outlook for the remainder of 2012. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; Paul Donahue, our President; and I will each handle a portion of today's call. And once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to addressing any specific questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our second quarter 2012 results, and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $3,338,000,000, which was up 5%. Net income was $168.6 million, which was up 11%. And earnings per share were $1.08 this year compared to $0.96 last year, and the EPS increase was 12.5%. So although we did see some moderation in the rate of revenue growth from the first to second quarters, which we will discuss more in a few minutes, we think that our team did a good job on the operating side of the business in leveraging the 5% sales increase to an 11% increase in net income, and we're pleased to report another solid quarter. A review of the results by business segment shows that our strongest sales results continue to come from our Industrial and Electrical/Electronic segments. Motion Industries is our industrial distribution company, and they were up 8% in the quarter. This follows a 12% increase in Q1, so we did see some deceleration in the growth rate. But as a point of information, the 8% increase this quarter is on top of a 19% increase in the second quarter of last year, making for a challenging comparison. But in our opinion, they handled it well, and they came through the quarter in good shape. A review of the Industrial results in a bit more detail shows that the top 12 product categories were up 11% in the quarter and then the top 10 industry segments were up 8%, and the top 20 customers had a combined 15% increase. So from a product category, industry segment and customer perspective, the results continue to show good balance in the quarter with solid contributions from each of these 3 areas. Through the first 6 months of the year, our Industrial sales are running 10% ahead, and we feel good about their prospects for the second half. While we did see some moderation in the May industrial production and capacity utilization indices, the June figures released earlier this week showed some improvement and the individual indices remain at historically healthy levels. This, combined with some strong internal growth initiatives, caused us to remain optimistic about our Industrial business for the remainder of the year. Moving on to the Electrical/Electronic segment, EIS was up 9% in the quarter. This follows a 5% increase in the first quarter, so we did see some nice sequential improvement in this business, which is encouraging. Our wire and cable segment is enjoying the strongest growth, while the Electrical and Electronics segments are more challenged. Our biggest revenue issues in the Electrical and Electronic businesses are with sales into the solar and electronic contract manufacturing customer segments. Both of these industries have experienced significant slowdowns over the past several quarters. But even with that said, our top 25 Electrical and Electronic customers were up 9% in the quarter. This would indicate healthy conditions in other customer segments, which was a big help to our overall results. Through midyear, our Electrical/Electronic business is running 7% ahead, and we feel good about the progress that they're making. With that said, however, the June Institute for Supply Management Purchasing Managers' Index fell below 50 for the first time in 3 years, signaling a slowdown in the overall activity in the industry, and we will be watching this closely in the coming months while at the same time working hard toward gaining additional market share going into the second half of the year. Our Office Products business was down 1% in the quarter. This follows a 2% decrease in the first quarter, so it's been a challenging first half for our Office Products team. And looking at the results in a bit more detail, we were pleased to see that our business with the Mega Channel was up 3% in the quarter, following a 1% increase in the first quarter. But then this was offset by a 2% decrease in the quarter with the independent office products resellers group. On the product side, the cleaning and break room supplies category grew at high-single digits, and we continue to make good progress in this area. Furniture was flat, and then the office supplies and technology categories reached down low-single digits in the quarter. So clearly, conditions in the office products industry remain challenging, and were down just over 1% through the first 6 months of the year. And then looking ahead, we don't expect any material change in the overall industry conditions in the second half of the year, but we do feel that our office products team is in a position to show modest improvements in their results over the final 2 quarters. So that's a quick overview of the non-automotive segments. And at this point, we'll ask Paul to comment on the automotive operations. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, and I'd like to add my welcome to each of you. I'm pleased to have the opportunity to review the second quarter performance of our Automotive business. As most of you know, this is our largest segment, and we ended the second quarter with sales up 4%. Our recent acquisition, Quaker City Motor Parts, contributed approximately 3% growth while our same-store sales added approximately 2%, while currency exchange cost us 1%. This follows a 6% sales increase in the first quarter of this year. For the 6 months ended June 30, our Automotive business is up 5% over the same period in 2011. So we remain encouraged by the underlying long-term fundamentals in the automotive aftermarket, and we feel we'll continue to benefit from the solid growth opportunities well into the future. The aging vehicle population now reported to be on average 11 years old and specifically, the growth in the number of older vehicles bodes well for all of us in the industry. We believe we are well positioned to capture our share of the increase in demand generated by this positive trend. So as we take a look and further analyze our second quarter results, we clearly experienced a deceleration in business over the last few months. As several of our competitors have already reported, April sales appeared to slow due to the mild winter temperatures and the possible pull forward of demand into March. In hindsight, this may help explain the strong 6% retail sales increase we reported in the first quarter. The slowdown in sales continued into the month of May before it's showing some improvement in June. So we experienced a challenging couple of months, and we were very pleased to see a more positive sales trend in June. Turning to Quaker City, we are very excited about our acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts and its accretive impact to our overall automotive results. Just as a reminder, Quaker City Motor Parts is a long-standing NAPA distributor and was the last non-GPC NAPA member prior to the acquisition. They're headquartered in Middletown, Delaware and service approximately 270 NAPA auto parts stores, primarily in the mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. Their second quarter sales contribution was in line with our expectations, and we remain very encouraged by the opportunities that Quaker City will continue to provide to us in the future. Turning to the results for our company-owned store group. In the quarter, our commercial business outperformed our retail business although both businesses experienced softer sales in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. Turning to our retail business first, the quarter ended down 2%, and this follows a 6% increase in the first quarter. Our average dollar value per invoice was up for the quarter, but the total number of retail tickets was actually down. As I mentioned earlier, the overall sales decline likely reflects the pull forward of revenues into the first quarter. However, we would also say that we are not immune to the overall slowdown in U.S. retail sales as reported earlier this week. We had experienced 1% retail growth in 2011. And at this point, it would appear we should expect to see similar growth throughout the balance of this year. Now let's take a look at our commercial business. Sales in our company-owned store group ended up the quarter at plus 3%. Our wholesale dollars per invoice were up, but our overall ticket count was flat. So the slowing in April and May impacted both our retail and commercial business, and this is reflected in both our NAPA AutoCare and major account business. We had consistently reported double-digit sales growth for the past several years in these 2 important commercial initiatives, and sales for these 2 customer groups were up mid-single digits in the second quarter, still solid growth but slower than what we have seen in recent periods. Turning to our fleet business. We were up 1% in the second quarter, which is down from mid-single digit growth in the first quarter and the trends we saw throughout 2011. So in summary, demand in the automotive aftermarket slowed in April and May but then began to show some improvement in June. We expect the June trend combined with our ongoing initiatives and the underlying positive factors for the automotive aftermarket to support continued growth for our Automotive business over the balance of 2012. So that completes our overview of the Automotive business in the second quarter. And at this time, I'll hand it over to Jerry for a review of the financial results. Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Paul. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the second quarter and 6-month income statements and segment information then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, and then we'll open the call up to your questions. Review of the income statement shows the following: Total sales had a record half $3.3 billion for the second quarter, an increase of 5% from last year. For the 6 months, total sales $6.5 billion, up 6% from 2011. We're proud of our team for reaching this new sales level, especially in a tough sales environment we experienced in the quarter. And we remain focused on achieving continued steady and consistent sales growth over the balance of this year and beyond. Gross profit for the second quarter 29.1% of sales, that's up from 28.8% in the second quarter of 2011. And for the 6 months, gross margin 29.0% is up from 28.7% for the same period last year. We've made solid progress on improving our gross margin over the last few quarters and attribute this improvement to our ongoing initiatives to effectively manage supply chain cost, increase distribution efficiencies and maximizing our pricing potential. Our gross margins have also benefited from incremental sales at incremental levels of vendor incentives over the last several periods, and we expect to generate continued gross margin expansion on a year-over-year basis for the remaining 2 quarters of this year. Our management teams across all of our businesses are committed to this effort. For the year, our cumulative pricing, which represents supplier changes to us, as Automotive is flat through 6 months, Industrial is up 0.7%, Office Products up 2.6%, and the Electrical Group is a negative 0.2%. Turning to SG&A. Total expenses $705 million in the second quarter, that's up 4.5% from 2011 and at 21.1% of sales versus 21.2% in the second quarter last year. And for the 6 months, total SG&A expenses are $1.4 billion, and that's up 4.8% at 21.4% of total sales compared to 21.6% for the same 6 months in 2011. Throughout our organization, we're very focused on controlling our expenses and attribute our steady improvement in this area to the combined benefits of greater leverage associated with our sales growth and ongoing measures to control cost. For the last few years, we've benefited from cost-saving initiatives in several areas, including warehouse and infrastructure, freight and utilities among others, and our cost savings also reflect the positive impact of our investments in technology over the last several years. Our management teams understand that tightly controlling our expenses is an ongoing priority for us and we'll continue to assess the proper cost structure of our businesses as we move through the year. Now let's discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter of $1,644,900,000, representing 49% of the total, up 4%. They had operating profit of $153.0 million, up 10%, so a very strong margin expansion there from 8.8% to 9.3%. The Industrial Group had revenue in the quarter of $1,138,700,000, representing 34% of the total and up 8%. They had operating profit of $95.1 million, up 11%, so a nice margin improvement from 8.1% to 8.3%. The Office Products Group had revenue in the quarter of $413.3 million. That represents 12% of the total and is down 1%. They had operating profit of $30.6 million and down 2%, so a good job there on the negative 1% sales to hold margins at 7.4%. The Electrical group had revenue in the quarter of $149.4 million, 5% of the total and up 9%. They had operating profit of $12.9 million, up 41%, so outstanding margin expansion there going from 6.7% to 8.7%. For the 6 months, Automotive had revenue 3.138 -- $3,138,400,000, up 5%; operating profit $267.5 million, up 13%. So as mentioned earlier, March is very strong at 8.5%. Industrial Group had revenue for the 6 months $2,259,900,000. That's up 10%. Operating profit $179.4 million and that's up 19%, so a nice 50-basis point improvement there to 7.9% operating margin. Office Products had revenue for the 6 months $839.5 million, down 1%. Operating profit of $68.1 million, also down 1%, so a good job of maintaining their margins at 8.1%. The Electrical Group had revenue for the 6 months $296.6 million, and that's up 7%. Operating profit $24.9 million, up 29%, so again, for the 6 months adjusted for the quarter, outstanding margin improvement to 8.4%. Total operating profit increased by 10% in the second quarter, and operating profit margin improved 40 basis points to 8.7% from 8.3% in the second quarter of last year. This brought us a 70-basis point improvement in total operating margin in the first quarter this year. And for the 6 months, total operating margin of 8.3% is up 60 basis points from 7.7% last year. We're very pleased with this level of margin expansion and expect to show continued year-over-year operating margin expansion over the following 2 quarters of the year. That growth in our operating earnings was driven by the sales growth, higher gross margins and positive expense leverage. We had net interest expense of $5.0 million and $9.7 million for the second quarter and 6 months, respectively. This expense is down from 2011 due mainly to the low interest rate on our $250 million debt facility that we refunded that was renegotiated in November of last year. We'll discuss our debt position later, but we currently expect that net interest expense to be approximately $20 million to $22 million for the year. Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and non-controlling interest, was $19.3 million expense in the quarter and is $34.7 million for the 6 months through June. This was up from last year for both the quarter and year due primarily to the increase in amortization expense and increased cost for legal and professional services. We continue to project the total other category to be in the $60 million to $70 million range, which will be consistent with the prior year. For the quarter, tax rate approximately 36.9%, which is slightly favorable to the second quarter in 2011. Now for the 6 months, the 36.5% rate compares to 35.8% for the same period last year. Primarily the increase in the 6 months rate is related to a favorable adjustment recorded in the first quarter of 2011 that was associated with the expiration of the statute of limitations related to international taxes. We continue to expect our full year tax rate for 2012 to be approximately 36.5% to 37.0%. Net income for the quarter $168.6 million, up 11%; EPS $1.08 compared to $0.96 last year, up 12.5%. For the year through June, net income $314.9 million, up 13%, and EPS of $2.01 compared to $1.76 last year, up 14%. Second quarter was a record level of earnings for us, and we want to recognize all of our associates at Genuine Parts Company for working hard every day to achieve this milestone. We're proud of their accomplishment. Now let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at June 30, $172 million and it remains strong although it's down from over $500 million in June last year and December 31, 2011. Decrease in cash primarily reflects the more than $500 million used for several investing activities this year, including the January 1 investment in Exego, a leading automotive distribution company in Australia and New Zealand; the Electrical Group's Light Fab acquisition on February 1; and Automotive's Quaker City acquisition that closed on May 1. In addition, cash was used in the first half of the year to pay for the 10% increase in dividend, capital expenditures and share repurchases. These significant uses of cash were partially offset by the increase in earnings, effective asset management and cost reductions. And we're comfortable with our cash position at June 30. Accounts receivable $1.61 billion at June 30 increased 2.5% from June 30 last year on a 5% sales increase for the second quarter, which is in line with our goal of growing receivables at a rate less than revenue growth. We also remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables and will continue to emphasize this level of performance over the balance of the year. Inventory at 6/30 was $2.33 billion, an increase of approximately 4% compared to June 30 last year and up 3% from December 31. This increase is attributable to the impact of our acquisitions thus far in 2012, and inventory is actually down slightly from both June and December when you break out the acquisitions. We continue to believe that our team is doing an excellent job of managing our inventory levels. We'll remain focused on this key investment as we move through 2012. Accounts payable balance June 30 was $1.60 billion, and that's up 7% from June 30 last year and up 11% from December 31. Increase in trade payables reflects the impact of extended payment terms and other payable initiatives negotiated with our vendors. Improving our payables position has been a priority for us over the last few years and has had a positive impact on our DPO. We remain pleased with our progress in managing this important working capital account. Working capital $2.45 billion at June 30 is down 3% from June 30 last year as reported and is down 12% after adding back the $250 million in current debt at June 30, 2011, which was converted and reclassified to long-term data in the fourth quarter of last year. Effectively managing our accounts receivable and inventory and payables is very important to us and our ongoing progress with these accounts has had a tremendous impact on improving our working capital position, and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. Total debt at June 30, 2012, remains unchanged at $500 million. First $250 million in debt is due in November of 2013, and the debt for the agreement that was signed in November last year is due in November of 2016. Total debt to total capitalization at June 30 is 14.6%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We continue to generate solid cash flow and expect another a very strong year in 2012. We currently estimate cash from operations of approximately $750 million to $800 million for the year. And at this level, free cash flow after you deduct capital expenditures and dividends should be approximately $350 million to $400 million. We're very pleased by the continuous strength of our cash flows and remain committed to several ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value. Our first priority is the dividend, which we've paid every year since going public in 1948 and have increased for 56 consecutive years. The company's 2012 annual dividend of $1.98 per share represents a 10% increase from $1.80 paid in 2011 and represents a payout ratio of approximately 55% of our 2011 EPS. Our goal would be to maintain this level of payout ratio going forward. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures, $34.5 million for the second quarter, is up from $27.2 million invested in the second quarter last year. And for the 6 months, CapEx totaled $51.4 million compared to $41.7 million for the same period in 2011. We had planned for this level of increase and continue to expect that CapEx spending for the full year to be in a range of $110 million to $125 million. The vast majority of these investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization, $24.7 million in the quarter and $47.7 million for the 6 months. Both the quarter and the 6-month numbers are up slightly, and we expect D&A to be approximately $100 million to $110 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. Thus far, in 2012, Automotive's investment in Exego and the Quaker City acquisition, as well as the small acquisition in the Electrical business as previously mentioned, are performing as planned and contributing nicely to our results. Looking forward, we anticipate additional opportunities for acquisitions over the balance of 2012, and we remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy. Generally, we target those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million range. Finally, in the second quarter, we used our cash to purchase just over 900,000 shares of our common stock under the company share repurchase program and have another 12.6 million shares authorized and available for repurchase today. I have no set pattern for these repurchases but expect to be active in the program over the balance 2012 as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. In closing, we want to once again thank all of our GPC associates for their hard work and dedication. We're extremely proud of the company's record-setting sales and earnings achieved in the second quarter, and we look forward to reporting more growth in the quarters ahead. Despite some uncertainty in the economy, which we expect to persist for most of this year, we remain encouraged by the many positive initiatives in place throughout our organization that will help support our ongoing growth. And that concludes our financial review, so I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry and Paul. So that's a recap of our second quarter results. And as said at the outset, although we did see some deceleration in our overall revenue growth, we feel that our team operated well with sales up 5%, net income up 11%, operating profit up 10% and operating margin improvement of 40 basis points. And as Jerry just covered, good work was done on the balance sheet side as well in the areas of inventory, accounts receivable, payables and working capital. So from an overall perspective, we feel that we had a reasonably good performance in the second quarter. And with revenue up 6% for the first half and earnings per share up 14%, we're positioned to have another good year in 2012. Now as far as the full year outlook is concerned, our expectation at this time for the full year is that Automotive will end the year with 5% to 7% revenue increase, Industrial will be up 8% to 10%, Office Products will be between down 1% and up 1% and the Electrical/Electronic will be up 6% to 8%. And in total, this would give GPC a combined revenue increase of 6% to 8% for the year. On the earnings side, our prior guidance was for earnings per share to be in the $3.93 to $4.05 range. At this point, we feel that an expectation of $4 to $4.10 is appropriate. This includes the recently completed Quaker City acquisition, and it would give us an EPS increase of 12% to 15% for the year. So that will conclude our prepared remarks. And at this point, we'd like to address your questions, and we'll turn the call back over to Amy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just want to dig in on the Auto business a little bit more. Is it fair to say that the -- and the x Quaker sales were up in the 2% to 3% range in June, and there's been a lot of discussion around the heat here in July. Have you seen any further acceleration due potentially to parts failure due to the heatwave?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Chris, I'll try to answer that. The June results were the strongest in the quarter, as Paul mentioned, and I think your range is close. As far as any impact from the heat, we did see a little bit in the very end of the month of June, and then we think we see some further impact in the early reports in July. I might also tell you anecdotally that in talking with a number of our really good commercial accounts, they saw the same pattern in the quarter that we saw in the early part of July. The indication we're getting from them is that the big account is stronger, and they're seeing a little bit of a pickup in their business, which I think is probably reflected in our business as well.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I don't know if there is a good way for you to answer this but any thoughts you have would be appreciated. O'Reilly talked about weakness in June, and that's different from how you describe the pattern to your quarter. Is there something about maybe the quarter end or geographic that would account for that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we can really answer that. I think we'll just -- we'll all have to look at what happens over the next 90 days or so.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of guidance, Quaker for the back half will add about, what, maybe 400 basis points to revenue growth in the Auto division?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, that's high. That's high. It will be closer to 250 to 300 basis points.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wasn't it about 3% for this quarter. I mean, you only had 2 months of the quarter.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes, it will be closer to 300 basis point for the second half, we think.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then final question. In terms of Industrial, the deceleration from 1Q to 2Q, can you speak to any inter-quarter trends or maybe July trends that you see there?
Thomas C. Gallagher: In terms of the quarterly trends, the numbers were pretty consistent on a per day basis as we worked our way through the quarter, so we didn't see much fluctuation at all. Yes, we did have deceleration but we also -- as I mentioned in the comments, we were going up against a very strong quarter last year, when we were up 19%. So at this point, we guided to 8% to 10% for the full year. And I think we're pretty comfortable with that guidance, which would indicate that our revenues will hold pretty steady over the remainder of the year. And keep in mind, we were up 19% in revenue in this business last year as well, so the comps continue to be challenging.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mario Gabelli with Gabelli & Company.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Those previous questions were right on the Quaker state so I understand this. What are the revenues from the day you acquired for the first 12 months, so make my life easier, Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix: Well, they've gone -- they average about $300 million on an annual basis.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: And secondly, what date did it close again?
Jerry W. Nix: May 1.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: And how much cash was out for that because I don't have the Q?
Jerry W. Nix: No, Mario, we haven't given that out.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: All right, that's fine. I'll figure it out, Jerry...
Jerry W. Nix: I know you will but...
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: No, the analyst, Colin [ph], is on vacation so -- actually, Brian is. How many actual shares are outstanding when I get the Q on the cover?
Thomas C. Gallagher: 156...
Jerry W. Nix: 156.8 million.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: So that's higher than the average? No, I got you. 156.8 million was the weighted average for the 6 months. I'm just looking at actual...
Jerry W. Nix: We will get back later with that when we find that.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: No, no problem. When you say legal and professionals fees were stepped up during the quarter, is that aborted deal fees or is that just looking at other acquisitions that didn't get capitalized or how does that ...
Jerry W. Nix: It's a combination of those -- our legal fees in some of the claims are there, but if there's a lot of these legal fees that are associated with these acquisitions and some other acquisitions we may have looked at and not done. And so there's nothing to set up.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Yes, okay. Got you. Now ...
Thomas C. Gallagher: Mario, going back -- excuse me, Mario, but going back to your prior question, there are 155.1 million shares outstanding currently.
Jerry W. Nix: Actual.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Tom, you and I are getting to have to report back to individuals, so I have to do that. One minor philosophical question. Both Romney, that's running for President, and what's the guy's name -- Obama are both talking about a decline in the corporate tax rate. Jerry, you gave a tax rate. Is that the same as your cash tax rate, the 36.5%, 37%?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes. In our case, it's pretty close.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: So if they were talking about a decline in the corporate cash tax rate down to 25%, 28%, at some point, I got to look at what the givebacks are in the proposal. So that would have an incremental increase. Are there any other elements in your deferred tax account or anything else that we're doing that I should be sensitive about and looking at what if, in fact, they implement this program?
Jerry W. Nix: Not that I'm aware of. Now keep in mind, one of the proposals at one point was that they do away with LIFO.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Yes, that would be nice. That would help your earnings.
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, but it will also cost us some cash.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Such is life. And they also did MAP-21. And I don't want to get into MAP-21 on this call, so I'll do it off-line on that in terms of the implications for your pension expense in cash, okay, defined benefits and whatever.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Liz Lane on for John Murphy. You guys had a very strong operating margin in the Automotive segment, and it looks like it was the highest it's been since about 2002. Can you go through what some of the factors at work were and should we expect that kind of strength to continue?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes. I don't know that we can expect that strength to continue, but there are a number of things that happened there. And we've taken a lot of costs out of our Automotive operations back during the recession. Those costs have not been added back in as revenue has grown. And we also -- a part of that is we picked up some profit from the Quaker City sales that were not in the prior year numbers. I would tell you though that the Exego acquisition that we have is not included in our Automotive numbers. It's included in corporate, that minority interest, the 30% that we pick up there. So it's not in the Automotive number, but just basically a good job of operating to get those back up to 9.3% in the second quarter. But I think more realistic number would be the 8.5% that we have achieved for the 6 months.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And actually you touched on something I was going to ask about too, which was on Exego. Can you give an update on how it's been performing relative to your benchmarks and does that income from -- so it doesn't -- does that income from Exego get baked into your $60 million to $70 million estimates on the other net line in 2012 or does that estimate exclude the minority interest?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll take them in reverse order. It is baked into the $60 million to $70 million. And then in terms of their performance, they're performing pretty much as they said they would and in line with our expectations, so we're pleased with what's happening there right now.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And I just have one more, which is on Office Products. I mean, it looks that segment is still struggling from both a volume and margin perspective. Are there any initiatives that you can discuss that, that company is taking internally to try to boost that business or is it just at the mercy of the economic environment and high unemployment rate for the near term?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we would not discuss specific initiatives on the call, but we can tell you that there are certain actions that are being taken to try to capture additional share in what is really a very challenging marketplace. We are dependent upon job creation, reduction in office vacancies and just the general overall improvement in the economy. But we have some very specific revenue initiatives that we hope will give us a little tiny bit of lift as we work our way through the remainder of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'd like to start off by just asking about the guidance and any changes from Q1 to Q2. Just to clarify when you guided both overall EPS and revenue at the end of Q1, did that include the Quaker acquisition?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think what we said, Matt, is we gave you 2 sets of numbers, one without and one with. I believe that's right. And what we're trying to do is clear up any confusion. So what guidance we've given you this time of $4 to $4.10 would include Quaker and going forward, we'll only give you one set of numbers.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And the 5% to 7% Automotive, was that inclusive of Quaker prior to today?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It's inclusive of Quaker as of today. I'm not -- I don't recall what we said the last quarter.
Jerry W. Nix: No, it was not in the 5% to 7%. So we're trying to accommodate the slowing that everyone is seeing in the automotive aftermarket by including this in the new 5% to 7%.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So sort of the underlying, if Quaker is going to add 3-ish percent on the year, the underlying is sort of 2% to 4% more or less, if that's about the right call. And I guess year-to-date on an organic basis, you're 6% and then you were 2% so you're running roughly 4%. Is that the way of looking at your organic number? Because we try to model organic plus Quaker, and I want to make sure we're thinking about it the right way.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think you're right. The only thing I'd like to have Sid get back to you on is the year-to-date because Quaker started to flow through May 1. So I think we'd like to double check and balance with you subsequent to the call.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That would be helpful. And then also on Automotive, you said currency was about a 1 percentage point impact here in Q2 for Automotive. Do you remember what that number was for Q1?
Jerry W. Nix: Basically, it was a neutral number in Q1. I'll tell you that overall, the impact on Automotive sales were a little more than 1% in the quarter due to currency. And in our whole company, it was just under 1% impact due to currency. So currency was a factor. We don't bring that up normally, and we didn't bring it up. That play was helping us last year and the year before and we just prefer not to bring it up this time, but we have to explain the slowness that we saw there.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, I agree that it's material. And on pricing being flat at Automotive, what would you say -- and I frankly don't recall the number that you stated at the end of Q1. What would you say the trends are as they relate to inflation impact on petrol-driven goods and also, I guess, the metal component and any other factors? I'm not sure if it's all commodity prices or if there's any competitive dynamic at play.
Jerry W. Nix: Matt, I'm not sure that I can get into particular product categories with you. But in total, at the end of the first quarter, we had a negative 0.2% in automotive, and then so we had a positive 0.2% in the second quarter to be flat for the 6 months.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, so price is moving in the right direction. And then finally, on office supply, it's interesting that your business is improving with the Megas. And I guess my question relates to the break room business. Obviously, they're all very focused on that business. Do you over index with the Megas in break room? It's a new business for them. Maybe their vendor relationships aren't as developed and they're depending more on you to fund that business or back them up in that business, if you will, than they would in their traditional businesses. I'm wondering if that might be part of the -- that might be part of what's helping to improve the business there.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think there may be a little bit of that, Matt, but the folks are largely buying that product category direct ...
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So you're just riding their growth in that space?
Thomas C. Gallagher: To some degree, but I think our growth with the independent resellers is very healthy right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Melich with ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: This is Mike Montani on for Greg. I just had a few questions. The first one was on the Office side actually. I apologize if I had missed this, but did you break out this quarter how the core business did versus the businesses that are paper and related categories?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, we didn't break that out. But I can tell you that if we look at the core office supplies and we break out the impact of the decline in paper, our core office supplies would have been modestly positive.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then was wondering just given the MAP-21 change and the pension accounting, is there anything you can do to update the full year outlook for potential cash contributions to pension? I had been thinking of like a $40 million to $60 million range. Is that roughly about right or is there any update you can share?
Jerry W. Nix: Mike, I don't think that's right. We'll have clear guidance on that in our third quarter conference call. But at this point, we're not looking to make any contribution in the remainder of this year to the pension plan, and we're trying to evaluate what the contribution for the first part of 2013 would be.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And just quickly a follow-up on Exego and the accretion there. I guess our thought had been that, that could add somewhere around $10 million to $12 million for the year, so maybe a run rate of $3 million to $4 million a quarter. Is that reasonable or have I taken the margin assumptions too far?
Jerry W. Nix: No.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think you're a little bit high there. I think in a prior call, we had guided of $0.03 to $0.05 accretive for the year. I think that was either in our year-end call in February or in our April call.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay, and just the last question I had was on outlook for pricing. You were good enough to share obviously where we were this quarter. But if you look at Automotive sort of flattish to slightly up and Office up 2.6%, should we anticipate during the year that Auto may strengthen to up 1 to 2 and maybe Office moderates a bit towards 1? Or how do you see that playing out for Industrial, Auto and Office?
Thomas C. Gallagher: At this point, I think we'd just say that we think we'll see some modest increase in the pricing as the year progresses, but we're not in a position to really give you a more precise number. I don't -- Paul, if you have a better feel for it.
Paul D. Donahue: Mike, I would just say that at this point, we saw a couple of increases come through in the first half on some significant product categories. But right now, there's really nothing pending and nothing that we're expecting in terms of additional price increases coming our way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: I wanted to talk -- you got a major automotive aftermarket supplier in JCI this morning saying that battery shipments were sluggish in the quarter and there's still some inventory overhang. Presumably given a more seasonal element with battery, there are others within the space, where there potentially is some inventory overhang that could lead to some pricing deterioration in the back half of the year? Are you guys seeing this at all or am I getting too far with the extrapolation?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We've not seen it, Brian. Our battery business is actually good. We don't see any evidence of any inventory build. We think that with our system, it's basically flow-through. So at this point, we feel pretty good about the progress to date and what the outlook is. And as long as the heat continues, it ought to continue to pull batteries all the way.
Paul D. Donahue: Brian, this is Paul. I would also just add on the battery business, our battery business is pretty good right now. And we have a major promotion going right now benefiting the Intrepid Wounded Warrior Fund that's out there in the marketplace, and we've gotten great playoff. And our battery business is pretty good right now.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Going to Quaker City, $300 million puts it at more or less the higher end of some of the businesses that you've been interested in. How many other Quaker states are out there that could potentially be kind of in your wheelhouse down the road?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, this -- what interested us in Quaker City primarily is the fact that they were the last of the non-GPC owned NAPA member. So we've now completed the circuit, and there aren't any other NAPA distributors that would be out there for sale. There might be some other businesses that we could have an interest in prospectively, but they won't be in that range. They'll be smaller businesses if we find any that we think make sense for us.
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, I might clarify, I just want to go to a couple of questions come up in the past. We did not sell into Quaker City, and we did not compete against Quaker City. They had territory that we didn't sell into, and so that's just pure geographic expansion for us.
Thomas C. Gallagher: That's a good point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Melich with ISI Group.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just had one follow-up, which is on the gross margin. You mentioned that the vendor rebates were supportive this quarter and, I think, will be for the rest of the year. Could you give us a little more on the magnitude of that or perhaps, Jerry, is that why the Auto margin ran as strong as it did despite the weak volume in the second quarter?
Jerry W. Nix: No, I don't think it -- it doesn't have that major of an impact on the Automotive side. It looked like in total company, our volume incentive rebates were up about 2% for the 6 months. And I would say that, that's probably going to be what it's going to be for the full year. I mean that basically is how we do it. We're projecting for the full year, and we have to take a portion of those each quarter. So we had a 2% increase for the first 6 months.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then as a follow-up on the top line, when you said that DIY was down 2 versus up 6 in the first quarter, it looks like the deceleration there a lot more than in the Do It For Me side. But the ticket was up. Is it fair to say that -- and ticket was down on the Do It For Me Side given that inflation was flat or was there something else going on with mix?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, the ticket value was actually up a bit. The ticket count was basically flat for the DIFM side. So we had to -- we actually had increased ticket values on both the retail and the commercial side. We were basically flat in number of tickets on the commercial. We were down in number of tickets on retail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Scot Ciccarelli, RBC. Because of all your businesses, you guys touch a lot of different parts of the economy. I guess I'm just kind of wondering kind of when you look at your business, where are the areas that you may be most optimistic? And on the flip side, where do you see the most risk at this stage?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll take a stab at it. We're very, very pleased with the performance of our industrial-related businesses. And with the industrial production capacity utilization numbers that came out a couple of days ago, we think that, that bodes well for the back half of the year. And we like the specific initiatives that each of the businesses has so we feel good about our ability to maintain share and perhaps even grow a little bit of share in those businesses. Our Automotive business was going along quite well through the first quarter, and then we did hit the industry-wide slowdown in the second quarter. We are hopeful based upon some of the anecdotal information we're getting from our commercial accounts that they're seeing a pickup in activity in July and that will be sustainable in the months ahead, so we continue to be optimistic about our Automotive business. And the underlying fundamentals, as Paul pointed out, are all favorable right now. So that one, we think, offers some reasonable growth for us in the second half of the year. The one business that's the most challenged is Office Products, and it's primarily related to the overall economic slowdown and then also related to some of the change in product demand. So anything that's basically paper-based is going to continue to go through some deceleration due to the tablets and the iPads and the things like that, that are causing contraction in demand. But other product categories are offering some attractive growth rates. We just have to continue to accelerate the growth of the categories that we think offer the best opportunities going forward. So does that answer your question?
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I think it does. And then I guess as a follow-up would be, obviously, the Auto segment did slow quite a bit in the second quarter. I mean outside of weather, is there anything else you would attribute it to?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, you look at consumer sentiment and its decline for the past 4 months. If you look at overall retail sales, they've been softening for the past couple of months, and I think there's just a general uneasiness or malaise among the consumer right now that I think perhaps had an impact. We are somewhat encouraged by the reports coming out that say that they expect back-to-school to be reasonably good this year. And hopefully, that's going to translate into some increased purchasing of some of the things we sell as well as consumers start to move beyond the period we're in right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bret Jordan with BB&T Capital Markets.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. A lot of them have been hit, but talking about June and what seemed to be an improving trend as the quarter ended, which is -- hearing mixed signals from various participants. Do you see anything strategically in the market? Did you guys gain share? Was anything happening with major competitors in the space in that period that might have you a relative outperformer during that time period?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I don't think we can answer that specifically.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess the comment earlier during the prepared remarks, you talked about expectations. I think you said retail was up 1% last year. You expected this year second half to be in line. Was that accurate that retail aftermarket might be up around 1%?
Jerry W. Nix: That is correct, Bret. That's what we're projecting.
Bret David Jordan - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess one little follow-up on the July commentary. I think you said a little bit of pickup commentary from your service customers, and I think you also said a little bit in the very end of June you'd gotten on the weather. A sort of order of magnitude, was this acceleration from an improved June looking more like the volumes were doing in the first quarter or I'm just sort of trying to get a feeling for the magnitude and timing of that heat impact in the quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, there was very little impact from the heat in June. We did get some benefit in the very last days. But any impact from the heat, I think, will be more evident in the July numbers. And then in terms of the comparative between June and the first quarter, June was still not as strong as the overall first quarter but it was the best month of the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers with Wunderlich.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Wanted to follow up, if I could, a bit on Industrial. It sounds like from the direction of performance, you're really not seeing some of the same kind of deterioration in some of these sequential trends in May, June, July that some of your peers are. Would that be a correct observation?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we didn't see any sequential change through the quarter. Our numbers were pretty consistent as we progressed through the quarter. But we did see the sequential change at quarter end, with first quarter being up 12% and second quarter being up 8%.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as you move into July, you've talked a little bit about indications for the Auto side. What sort of kind of organic changes are you seeing on the Industrial side of things?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We think July should turn out to be fairly consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then could you just remind me within that business when you talked about industrial production and the MCU earlier, can you talk about how you see that relationship to your business kind of working on a coincident basis or more of a lead indicator of your business there?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I want to go back and correct one thing. I misspoke when I said in line with what we saw in the first quarter. July is in line with what we saw in the second quarter. So I just want to clear that up. As far as the industrial production capacity utilization, that's usually a 6- to 9-month indicator for us -- leading indicator. And with what we saw earlier this week, historically, that would tend to indicate that the next 2 quarters should be pretty decent for us.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just last question regarding EIS, it seemed like you put up pretty good margins in that segment in the business. Just wanted to get a sense for how that might work in terms of is that a project-by-project basis and maybe that's pushing the margins up a little bit there or is that something we can extrapolate going forward?
Jerry W. Nix: You can't expect those kind of margins going forward. That's highest margins in their history. I think some place between -- and our target has been to get them up to 8%, and that probably is in your modeling going forward. But it's just blocking and tackling. There's not any silver bullet that's going to get out of -- get their operating margins up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of things I wanted to follow up on in the automotive space, where you're saying that you're experiencing some softer dynamics going on there. The Snap-on call just prior to yours, I was curious to know what their experience was in that group. They're saying that they're not seeing anything where consumers are trying to put off repairs or have worked on, on their vehicles. They're seeing that those aftermarket dynamics are still in place and sales in the tool business there were still real good. Now you're -- but you're saying that -- was the softness coming from the do-it-yourself side or was this coming from the garages? Where was it coming from?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I think Paul covered in his comments that on the retail sales, we were down 2% in the quarter. On the commercial side, we were up 3% in the quarter. Both of which were softer than what we experienced in the first quarter. I think it's hard to try to compare Snap-on's results with our results in the sense that they're heavily concentrated on handheld diagnostic equipment, heavily concentrated with hand tools. And that's just a small part of our business. I will tell you that our tool and equipment business was good in the quarter. So we feel that the team made good progress there. But I don't think you can try to compare directly what happens with Snap-on and what happens with us. And by the way, we've got a very high regard for the job that they do. They're a good company, and they perform well.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. No, that makes sense. So you would say then that the underlying fundamentals of the aftermarket might be eroding some but you expect it to be in line with your expectations for the rest of the year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I don't think we'd go quite that far. I think what we would say is that we came through the first quarter and the prior 8 quarters with pretty good results. We saw deceleration in demand in the second quarter. It appears that, that's indicative of what happened in the overall industry. We think the underlying fundamentals are quite positive now frankly. We think perhaps some of the softness in the second quarter could be attributed to a milder winter, maybe we pulled some sales into the first quarter. And then also we think some of the softness might be attributed to what we've seen generally in retail sales moderating in the quarter and consumer sentiment moderating in the quarter. Our expectation is that the second half of the year should be relatively good for us, and we don't see any deterioration in the underlying fundamentals in the industry. We feel good about it.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then also year-over-year, fuel costs, I would imagine, are a positive for you right now in terms of margin?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, our fuel costs would be down. So from an operating margin standpoint, that would be helpful. It's a recent phenomenon but it is, in fact, helping at this point.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And how do you record the fuel costs. I mean you've got a lot of delivery vehicles out there running milk routes every day. Do you -- is that in cost of goods sold or is that part of your selling?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It's in our operating expenses.
Paul D. Donahue: And Richard, let me -- this is Paul -- just a further comment on that. I just want to make sure that -- we haven't seen the kind of drops in diesel as we are in basic unleaded fuel at the consumer gas pump. So we're -- there's really 2 different measurements there.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Judy Merrick: This is Judy in for Keith. Just to clarify on the Electrical for the monthly trends, with June, you did not see a pickup, kind of like the industry index that you referenced. And was there anything else that impacted your outlook for that segment?
Jerry W. Nix: For the Electrical side?
Judy Merrick: That's right.
Jerry W. Nix: Now the Electrical side are pretty steady throughout the entire month, the 3 months in the second quarter, running basically at 10%, 9%, 10% and so forth. So there wasn't any pickup in Electrical towards the end of the quarter.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Jerry W. Nix: Well, Amy, thank you. And we thank each of you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you in our third quarter conference call, if not before.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol B. Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Paul D. Donahue - President and President of The U S Automotive Parts Group Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President of Finance, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Judy Merrick Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jodie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts First Quarter Conference Call, where we'll discuss our earnings results and the outlook for the remainder of 2012. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I will each handle a portion of the call. And we're especially pleased to have Paul Donahue, our recently elected Genuine Parts Company President, with us as well. And once Paul, Jerry and I have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have.  Now earlier this morning, we released our first quarter 2012 results, and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3,181,000,000, which was up 7%. Net income was $146.3 million, which was up 16%. And earnings per share were $0.93 this year, compared to $0.80 in the first quarter of 2011, and the EPS increase was also 16%.  So we are pleased that the sales and earnings momentum that we saw throughout 2010 and 2011 continued on into the first quarter of this year.  As a result, we feel that we're off to a good start to the year, and we look forward to another solid performance from the Genuine Parts team in 2012.  A review of the results by business segment shows that our industrial operations continue to produce the largest increases. Motion Industries, our industrial distribution business, was up 12% in the quarter. This is on top of their 24% increase in the first quarter of last year, so it was a tough comparison. But they handled it well, and we continue to feel good about the progress being made by our Industrial operations.  As we look at their numbers in a bit more detail, it shows that 11 of their top 12 product categories are running double-digit increases year-to-date. And as a group, these 12 categories are up 15% through the first 3 months. And Motion had strong results from their top 10 industry segments, as well. As a group, these top 10 segments are up 12% through March, and this is on top of a combined 30% increase in the first quarter of last year.  The top 20 individual customers have a collective year-to-date increase of 14%, and additionally, the solid results are consistent across all geographic areas as well.  So from a number of different viewpoints, the Industrial business remains strong currently, and with the industrial production and capacity utilization indices each continuing to remain at healthy levels and with good execution of their internal growth initiatives, we're optimistic about our prospects in the Industrial segment over the next several quarters. Moving onto the electrical/electronic segment. EIS was up 5% in the quarter. This is down from the 10% increase that we reported in the fourth quarter and well off of the full-year 2011 increase of 24%, but it's important to note that our first quarter 2011 increase of 39% was our strongest quarter of the year by far. So it was a tough comparison.  But with that said, there has been a moderation in demand for our Electrical/Electronic business over the past 2 quarters. On the electrical side, this is primarily attributable to a slowdown in the Renewable Energy segment. And on the electronic side, it is largely due to a slowdown in the Contract Manufacturing segment.  Our expectation is that these 2 segments of our business will lag the overall business through the first half of the year, but they will then start to show a gradual recovery over the remainder of the year.  Importantly, the core segments of our Rlectrical business, such as Motor Repair and OEM manufacturing are, performing well as is the Wire and Cable business.  Additionally, our top 25 customers combined for an 11% increase in the quarter, which is a solid performance in our opinion, and we're also pleased to see that our average daily sales showed good sequential improvement as the quarter progressed, which is encouraging, as is the fact that the Institute for Supply Management Purchasing Managers Index continues to be well above 50 through March, which should indicate favorable overall end market conditions in the quarters ahead. And as a result, we continue to feel good about our prospects for reasonable growth in this business over the remainder of the year.  Moving on to Office Products. It was another challenging quarter for S.P. Richards, and they ended the first 3 months of the year down 1.5%. After generating positive results over the first 3 quarters of 2011, we saw a slowdown in demand across the industry during the fourth quarter of 2011, which is now carried over to the first quarter of this year. And looking at the results by customer segment, the Mega Channel actually turned in the strongest performance in the quarter of plus 1%, which was good to see, but this was offset by a 2% decrease with the independent office products resellers.  On the Products side, cleaning and break-room supplies continue to grow at double-digit rates, while office supplies and furniture were down slightly, and technology products were down mid-single-digit. So clearly, conditions in the office products industry remain challenging, and the first quarter results fell a bit short of our expectations. However, while we don't anticipate any significant near-term improvement in the end market conditions, we do continue to feel that our Office Products team will end the year with a slight sales increase, with the second half performance being a bit stronger than the first half.  So that's a quick recap of the non-automotive segments. And at this point, we'll ask Paul to comment on the automotive operations. Paul?
Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Tom, and I would add my welcome to each of you and say that I'm pleased to join Tom and Jerry this morning to review the first quarter performance of our Automotive business.  As you may know, this is our largest segment. We ended the first quarter up 6%. This follows a 6% increase in the fourth quarter and an 8% increase for the full year in 2011. So our Automotive operations continue to perform well. We'd like to point out that these results are essentially same-store sales increases, and this demonstrates the solid progress being made by our Automotive management team.  Let's begin with the result of company-owned store group. We can tell you that our commercial business continues to outperform our retail business, although we did see a marked improvement in retail this quarter relative to the trend experienced in 2011.  Turning to our retail business first. The quarter ended up 6%. This compares to a 1% increase in 2011, and we are encouraged by the strength we saw in our retail business in the first quarter. On the commercial side, the quarter ended up 7%, which is fairly consistent with the 8% growth we reported in 2011. And we're encouraged by the strong and consistent growth in our commercial business.  Our NAPA AutoCare and our major account business showed another quarter of double-digit sales growth, and this follows back-to-back years of double-digit increases in these 2 very important commercial initiatives. The steady progress in each of these businesses continues to drive our overall commercial sales growth.  Our fleet business was up mid-single digits again, in the first quarter, which is consistent with the growth we saw in this channel all of last year. The underlying factors for the Automotive aftermarket remain positive. A bit of an unknown is the impact of fuel cost, and while fuel prices were up in the first quarter, we've seen the average cost of a gallon of gasoline nationwide has fallen the past 2 weeks. We've yet to see a significant impact either way, but it's a factor that we'll continue to monitor.  So we continue to feel very positive about the progress being made by our Automotive management team, and we begin the second quarter of the year optimistic for continued growth.  Lastly, we'd like to discuss our acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts, which was announced back on February 28. Quaker City is a long-standing NAPA distributor and the last non-GPC NAPA member. They're headquartered in Middletown, Delaware, and service approximately 270 NAPA parts stores across the mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. We expect to close on the acquisition May 1, 2012, and we're excited about the opportunity this acquisition will produce for the Automotive Parts group. Quaker City is an important strategic fit, and it offers an excellent growth opportunity in the mid-Atlantic area. They bring with them an experienced and talented management team, and we are pleased to bring onboard such a high-quality organization.  So that completes our overview of the Automotive business in the first quarter. And at this time, I'll hand it over to Jerry for a review of the financial results. Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Paul. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the income statement and segment information then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, and then we'll open the call up to your questions.  A review of the income statement showed the following: Total sales in the first quarter were up 7% to $3.2 billion, and this follows a 7% sales increase in the fourth quarter of 2011. And this is the kind of steady and consistent growth we look for in our businesses, and we're excited about the opportunity to improve on this record again at 2012 and beyond.  Gross profit improved by 8% in the first quarter and was 28.9% of sales, up from 28.5% in the first quarter of 2011. We've made good progress on improving our gross margin over the last few quarters, including the most recent quarter.  We expect our ongoing initiatives to effectively manage supply chain costs, increase distribution efficiencies and maximize our pricing potential to continue -- to generate continued gross margin expansion over a year -- on a year-over-year basis for the next several quarters. Our management teams are committed to this effort. We currently project a 10- to 20-basis-point increase in gross margin for the full year.  For the year, our cumulative pricing, which represents supply increases to us, was a negative 0.2% in Automotive, plus 0.3% in Industrial, plus 2.1% in Office Products and a negative 1.0% in Electrical.  Turning to SG&A. Total expenses were $691 million in the first quarter and improved to 21.7% of sales versus 22.1% in 2011. We're pleased to show the continued improvement in controlling our expenses again this quarter as we made solid progress on this line in 2010 and 2011. We attribute the improvement to the combined benefits of greater leverage associated with our sales growth and ongoing measures to control costs.  For the last few years, we've benefited from cost-saving initiatives in several areas, including warehouse and infrastructure, freight and utilities, among others. In addition, after a 12% workforce reduction in '08, '09 timeframe, we've only added back another 2% to 3% to our labor force, including acquisitions, over the last 2 years. Without the acquisitions, our headcount is actually down about 1% over the same time period, which we believe is a pretty good indication of the excellent job by our entire organization to effectively control costs.  This also reflects the positive impact of our investments in technology over the last several years. These efforts have been meaningful to our overall results, and for the first quarter of 2012, the cost savings across all our expense categories was approximately $10 million. Effective cost management is an ongoing priority for us, and we will remain focused on these efforts throughout the year.  Now let's discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter of $1,493,500,000. That represents 47% of the total and is up 6%. They had operating profit of $114.6 million, that's up 17%, so a strong operating margin expansion from 7.0% to 7.7%.  The Industrial group had revenue in the quarter of $1,121,200,000, representing 35% of the total and was up 12%. They had operating profit of $84.3 million, up 28%, so very nice margin expansion from 6.6% to 7.5%.  Office Products had revenue in the quarter $426.2 million, representing 13% of the total, down 1.5%. Operating profit, $37.5 million; up 0.3%, so solid margin expansion considering the sales decreased from 8.6% to 8.8% of sales.  The Electrical group had revenue in the quarter $147.1 million, represents 5% of the total and is up 5%. Operating profit of $12.0 million, up 19%, and so excellent margin expansion from 7.2% to 8.1%.  Total operating profit increased by 17% in the first quarter, and operating profit margin improved 70 basis points to 7.8% from 7.1% in the first quarter of 2011.  This is tremendous progress for us and we are especially encouraged that all 4 business segments contributed to the gain. We're optimistic that we can show continued year-over-year operating margin expansion in the quarters ahead and currently expect our overall improvement -- an overall improvement of approximately 20 to 30 basis points for the full year.  We had net interest expense of $4.7 million in the first quarter, and this is down from 2011 due to lower interest rate on our new $250 million debt agreement that was signed in November 2011. We'll discuss our debt position later, but we currently expect our net interest expense to be approximately $20 million to $22 million for 2012.  Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and non-controlling interest, was $15.5 million expense in the first quarter, and that's up from $12.9 million in the first quarter last year. Increase primarily reflects higher expenses for benefits, legal and professional costs, as well as the increase in amortization relative to last year. We continue to project the total of the category to be in the $60 million to $70 million range for the full year, which is consistent with 2011.  For the quarter, tax rate approximately 35.9%, compared to 34.1% for the first quarter of 2011. Primarily the increase in rate is related to a favorable adjustment recorded in the first quarter of last year associated with the expiration of the statute of limitations related to international taxes. Currently, we expect our full-year tax rate for 2012 to be approximately 36.5% to 37%.  Net income for the quarter, $146.3 million, up 16%. EPS improved to $0.93, compared to $0.80 last year, and that's also up 16%.  We're very proud of the hard work by all of our associates at Genuine Parts Company. They certainly deserve the credit for helping us achieve another quarter of strong earnings growth.  Now let's touch on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at March 31 of $424 million remains strong, although it's down 9% from $466 million in March last year and down 19% from $525 million at December 31. Decrease in cash reflects a net impact of the increase in earnings, effective asset management and cost reductions but is offset by cash used for the 10% increase in the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases over the last 12 months.  In the first quarter, we used more than $200 million in investing activities, primarily for the Exego investment in early January and the Light Fab acquisition by EIS on February 1.  Accounts receivable, $1.61 billion at March 31 increased 8% from March 31 last year, and that's slightly higher than our 7% sales increase for the first quarter. Our focus is on growing receivables at a rate less than revenue growth, and we'll continue to emphasize the improvement in this area over the balance of the year. I would point at that we remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables.  Inventory at 3/31, $2.26 billion, and that's flat with inventory December 31 last year and up just 1% from $2.24 billion at March 31, 2011. Our team is doing a very good job managing our inventory levels, and we remain focused on further improving our position as we move through 2012.  Accounts payable balance at March 31, $1.56 billion. That's up 8% from December 31 and is up 14% from March 31 last year. Increase in trade payables reflects the impact of extended payment terms and other payables initiatives negotiated with our vendors.  Improving our payables has been a priority for us over the last couple of years, and as a result, our date in payable has improved over this period. We remain pleased with the positive direction of this important account.  Working capital, $2.67 billion at March 31, is up 7% from March 31 last year as reported but is down 3% after adding back the $250 million current portion of debt presented last year, which was converted and reclassified to long-term debt in the fourth quarter of 2011. So we're encouraged with our ongoing progress in managing working capital, and our balance sheet is in excellent condition.  Total debt at March 31, 2012 remains unchanged at $500 million. The first $250 million of debt is due in November 2013, and the debt for the new agreement signed in November of last year is due in November 2016. Total debt to total capitalization March 31 was 14.7%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time.  We generated solid cash flows again in 2011 and expect to improve on that in 2012. We currently expect to generate cash from operations of approximately $700 million to $750 million for the year and free cash flow after deducting capital expenditures and dividends should be approximately $300 million to $350 million.  We're encouraged by the continuing strength of our cash flows, and we remain committed to our ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value.  Our first priority is the dividend, which we've paid every year since going public in 1948 and have raised 56 consecutive years. As you may recall, in our February board meeting, our directors approved a 10% increase in the company's annual dividend for 2012 to $1.98 per share from $1.80 per share paid in 2011. New dividend represents approximately 55% of our 2011 earnings per share and is our second consecutive year to raise the dividend by 10%.  Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures, $16.9 million for the first quarter, up from $14.5 million invested in the first quarter last year. We continue to expect our CapEx spending for the full year to outpace 2011 and be in the range of approximately $110 million to $125 million. The vast majority of these investments will continue to be weighted toward productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology.  Appreciation, amortization, $23.0 million in the quarter, compared to $22.5 million last year, with the increase due to the growth in capital spending. We expect D&A to be approximately $90 million to $100 million in 2012.  Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing important use of our cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. In addition to Automotive's investment in Exego and the Quaker City acquisition covered by Paul, we made a small acquisition in the Electrical business in the quarter and anticipate additional opportunities for acquisition over the balance of 2012. We remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy and continue to target those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in a $25 million to $125 million range.  We repurchased 2.4 million shares of our common stock in 2011 under the company's stock repurchase program, with only minimal purchases thus far in 2012, and have approximately 13.5 million shares authorized and available for repurchase at the current time. We have no set pattern for these repurchases but expect to remain active in the program over the balance of 2012 as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders.  In closing, we want to again thank all of our dedicated GPC associates for their hard work. They truly are the best. We're pleased with our first quarter performance and optimistic for continued progress in our results over the balance of 2012. We're encouraged by the many good things happening throughout our organization that will support our growth, and with a strong and healthy balance sheet and solid cash flows, we are well positioned to further maximize our return to shareholders.  And that concludes our financial review, so I'll return it back to Tom.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry and Paul. So that's a recap of our first quarter results, and we're pleased to start the year with a solid performance, and we feel that we are positioned to produce another good year in 2012.  As far as the remainder of the year is concerned, we remain comfortable with the full-year revenue guidance that was provided on our February call. At that time, we said that we expected Automotive to be up 5% to 7%, Industrial and the Electrical/Electronic to each be up 8% to 10%, and Office Products to be up 1% to 3%.  Through the first quarter, Automotive is right in, line, Industrial is a bit above, and Office Products and Electrical are each a little bit below. However, we continue to feel that these are generally appropriate expectations at this time, and this would give us a full-year revenue increase of 6% to 8% for the entire company.  On the earnings side, our prior guidance was for earnings per share to be $3.85 to $4. And at this point, we feel that it would be appropriate to raise this to a new range of $3.93 to $4.05, which would be up 10% to 13%.  Additionally, assuming that we close on the Quaker City Motor Parts transaction on May 1 as planned, this would add approximately 1% to the full-year revenue and $0.04 to $0.05 to the earnings numbers.  So that will conclude our planned comments this morning, and we would like to now address any questions that you may have. And we'll turn the call back over to Jodie.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Elizabeth Lane on for John. My first question is regarding the recent production disruption of CDT and Nylon 12. And I'm just wondering if a potential global shortage of fuel lines and brake lines and other auto parts that use Nylon 12 is likely to have any kind of material impact on your NAPA business?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, it will not impact our business in a material way. At this point, we don't see any supply disruption. That's not to say we won't experience some as we move through the next few months. But those 2 product categories are not large categories for us.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Great. And second, it looks like the Aftermarket Auto Parts business is doing pretty well, but we keep seeing continued weakness in the tire replacement market in the U.S. So what do you think is the disconnect there? And why are people buying certain replacement auto parts but not tires?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it may have something to do with the financial situation of the consumer, and if they can defer any maintenance type items, they'll defer it. And on the things that we see, the outbound flow, it's largely nondiscretionary and we see the strength there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Patrick Palfrey sitting in for Scott today. I guess, first off, could you talk a little bit about why gross margins were so strong, especially on the NAPA side of business. Industrial, I understand because it has more leverage, but NAPA hasn't proven to work that way, at least in recent times.
Jerry W. Nix: Patrick, this is Jerry. I'll take that. Actually, gross margins in the Automotive were not up for the quarter. The other 3 segments' gross margins were all up, and some of that -- the strong operating margin in the Automotive is strictly from the controlling of their SG&A-type expenses. Some of the contribution in the gross margin improvement in our Office Products -- they had a nice increase in gross margin, and they did some year-end buys. And you heard our numbers, they had some inflation in the first quarter, so that improved their gross margin. And we have specific initiatives in all the businesses and they just started to pay off in the first quarter. So we did see the 40-basis-point improvement in gross margin, but that was not a contributing factor to the strong operating margins in Automotive.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, just another question, if I may. Within the Automotive business, could you talk about the cadence of the quarter and maybe how the mild weather and gas would have affected sales trends?
Thomas C. Gallagher: The quarter was relatively consistent. The weaker of the 3 months was February. The other 2 months were pretty consistent. And then as far as weather impact, we did see some impact on products like rotating electrical and some under-hood product, but the offset might have been the fact that we really had quite a nice quarter on the retail side. So the mild weather might have actually helped the retail business, in our opinion, anyway.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, if you think about the DIY and the commercial business, just to try to understand the relative size of DIY. To the extent that DIY picked up 5 percentage points or so from Q4 to Q1 and the aggregate sales increase was roughly unchanged, is it that small a piece of the business that it can't really move the needle or is it a rounding factor? Or is there a third issue that would have kept the number flat even though DIY got down as good as it did?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. The DIY business, I think you probably will recall, is 20% to 25% of the total business and the remainder of the business is on the commercial side. Our commercial business performed well in the quarter. Additionally, we feel good about the progress that was made, especially as Paul said in our 2 key commercial businesses: Auto Care and major accounts, double-digit increases. So it's just the way the numbers came together.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then within the Automotive business, I'm interested what you saw. If you think about failure, and you think about maintenance and you think about discretionary, obviously discretionary numbers aren't going to be that big of a business for you in general. How did the trend look in the quarter and how did it concur to what might have seen in 2011?
Thomas C. Gallagher: The trend on what, Matt? I'm not sure I got the question.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess the mix among failure-related products, maintenance-related products, and then any discretionary that you might sell, where you saw the relative strength within the Automotive business.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll try to take it from the latter part back. The product categories that performed well for us in the quarter, quite well, were things like brake products, undercar products, showed good strength as the quarter progressed. And then as I mentioned, things like rotating electrical and some of the underhood categories were softer. But the things that performed pretty well for us were, in our opinion, non-discretionary-type items that are things that needed to be replaced for vehicle safety or performance.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then the final question. Your read on the Office product sector over the past several quarters has been spot on. That being said, it was very interesting that the Megas really showed that first signs of life for quite a while and the independents maybe more of a problem this quarter. If you think about what drove the Megas to the extent that you can discern, whether it's full forward on the manner of restocking, or whether there might be a more sustained recovery evident in your businesses?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We actually don't have a read on that, Matt. We're anxious to see the reports as they come out from the Megas and see how their contract segments all perform in the North American delivery segments. But you know they strengthened a bit, comparatively speaking, in the fourth quarter. They range from being down 1 flat to up 2, which was a stronger performance than what any other individual companies had experienced prior. So we think that maybe they're doing a pretty good job right now. They're comparing -- in our case, they're comparing against some subdued results in the prior quarter. So we don't know enough about it to know whether this is a trend or whether it's just the way it came together in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani from ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was going to ask on the Automotive side just following up on weather, if I could for a moment. Historically, when you guys have seen perhaps bit more moderate temperatures in the winter, would you say that, that potentially could have a slowing effect as we get into the spring because there may not be as much breakage, or is that sort of premature to speculate on?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's a bit premature to try to draw any conclusions like that. The best thing that can happen for the Aftermarket is that when we get into this summer, we get some extreme heat, and that will create some additional demand in the Aftermarket.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess if I could follow up for a minute. On AP to inventory ratio, I mean, you guys continue to make progress there, now 66%, I guess, in total. Can you give us a feel for maybe where the Automotive side of the business might be and how you would compared to some of your competitors there, like Autozone. Is it 110%?
Jerry W. Nix: Mike, this is Jerry. We don't have that information to give you, but you're comparing apples and oranges there. We're a wholesaler with local distribution centers, and we continue to push up vendors for extended terms and we'll continue to do so, and some initiative we have there. But we are just going to continue to push it out, and we don't have a specific target. We don't know where it will take us. But every quarter, we try to do better. And I don't think it's reasonable for us to expect to take our terms out as far as some of the retailers have.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just the last question I had was on Quaker City. Is there anything you can share at this point in time as it relates to potential purchase price or multiples on that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, not at this time. Maybe as we get further along, but not currently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer from Gabelli and Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Just a question on Office Products here. You really had an outstanding performance from an operating profit perspective in the quarter. What levers are you pulling there to help keep that margin above that 8.5% level? And how sustainable do you think that, that is going forward in maybe a 1% to 2% GDP growth-type environment?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll try to take that one, Brian. I'll preface my comments by saying that from an operating point of view, we think the Office Products team has done a terrific job and not just in this quarter but in the past year or so. If we get any kind of top line growth in that business, they're going to do a heck of a job for us. Among the things that they've done a good job on would be managing their margins. They're showing good progress in that initiative. They've done a very good job on expense control in a number of different areas, and we think that, that will continue. And if we can get revenue growth even in the low single-digits with all the good work that's been done over there on all these other categories, I think that the margin will continue to show some improvement for us.
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, I'd also point out that the cyclicality of their business, the first quarter and the fourth quarter are strongest operating margin quarters. So if we get to the second quarter and they drift under 8%, that doesn't mean that they're not as good a job.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: No, I certainly -- we've got a long history of seasonality here. I understand. And just talking about share repurchases, very light in the first quarter. Anything driving that? Was it giving working capital build out, it just wasn't a priority?
Jerry W. Nix: Couple of things there, Brian. Certainly, we've been conservative with our balance sheet and our cash, knowing that we have the acquisition of Quaker City that we expect to close on May 1. And then we have another acquisition, a smaller one that we're looking at. We will continue to buy shares and our intent for the year is to buy at least enough shares to cover any options that we grant. And the board granted about 1.1 million, 1.2 million shares in options at their last meeting. And so we will still say it is fully our intent to buy at least that many shares in the year. And we do try to buy on pullback, and if we see that we'll be more active than we are at the current time.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Great. And just one number that I missed. The pricing for Auto within the quarter, was that up 1%? Did I hear that correctly?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That was down 20 basis point.
Jerry W. Nix: Negative. Negative.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Judy Merrick: This is Judy in for Keith. I just want to clarify on the Quaker City acquisition that you're going to close in May. You said that it's about 1% for the full-year revenue and 4% to 5% for earnings. Was that for the full year?
Jerry W. Nix: No, that's not 4% to 5%, that's $0.04 to $0.05.
Judy Merrick: For the full-year of earnings?
Jerry W. Nix: For the impact of the -- from May 1 to the end of the year.
Judy Merrick: Okay. That's from May 1, fine. Okay. And just to touch back on the Exego acquisition now that that's closed. Are you seeing similar trends there with your core North American market or is there any difference between their commercial and retail, or any areas you can improve there on that acquisition?
Thomas C. Gallagher: If we look at it from a revenue standpoint, of the Aftermarket in North America is a bit healthier heavier than the Aftermarket in that part of the world, but the folks there are doing a good job in view of what the circumstances look like. From an operating standpoint, they continue to do a nice job there as well, so they're performing in line with what our expectations were going into the transaction.
Judy Merrick: Okay. So you're still looking for maybe about $0.04 to $0.05 contribution from that for this year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: For this year, that's right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mario Gabelli from Gabelli.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Unfortunately, I've been grazing on other calls. How much did you indicate you're paying for Quaker?
Jerry W. Nix: We have not given that information out, Mario, and because it hadn't been determined. There's still due diligence going on. We expect to close at May 1. And we'll have some numbers. They will be in the 10-Q that we file in the Subsequent Events section.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: All right. And the number that was given in terms of increased earnings, was that largely the range increase in part because of the initial inclusion of this acquisition or was it -- or does that exclude the increased number?
Jerry W. Nix: That excludes the Quaker City.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Okay. So that would be -- that Quaker stated incremental to the range that was given earlier?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That's right.
Jerry W. Nix: That's right.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: All right. And then just to hitchhike on the question of Auto Parts prices, and I'll talk to you, Paul, maybe off the line about the changes in discount structure that may or may not be going on, but what do you think the price increase for the basket of what you're selling would be like in the second quarter and for the full year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We would think that for the full year, it's going to be positive, not negative, would be our expectation for the full year. And at this point because...
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: So, Tom, I'm a little confused. In other words, it was negative 0.2% in the first quarter. That will incrementally change and accelerate as you sell the constant mix, constant number of units, it's going to increase revenues?
Thomas C. Gallagher: As the year progresses, and I'd say at this point, Mario, well, we think it would be something between 1% and 2% for the full year.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: This is for Jerry. I mean, Jerry, you look at the tale of 2 cities. You read O'Reilly, you read Autozone, they're at 2.3x EBITDA in terms of leverage. Any comments?
Jerry W. Nix: We're not looking to match them in leverage. We're pleased with our balance sheet. But I would tell you we may have to incur some leverage with the acquisition of Quaker City.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Yes, I understand. That's for about 2 days. I got it. You're going to be at a billion-dollar run rate in EBITDA this year then?
Jerry W. Nix: I hope that's correct.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Well, come on. You've got Quaker State (sic) [Quaker City] coming in. How many stores? How many jobbing stores and how big is the D.C.?
Thomas C. Gallagher: They've got 271 stores that they service, and they've got 6 distribution centers in that mid-Atlantic corridor.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Tom, what percentage of the NAPA system brand do they -- stores -- that are still open other than Quaker? Or is that the last -- that's obviously the last big one?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That is it. This will complete the initiative, that's right.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Okay. So you started this, what, 30 years ago?
Thomas C. Gallagher: There abouts, if not longer.
Jerry W. Nix: We deliver and we're persistent.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: We've got the drill, Jerry, I just now want to figure out what you're going to do going from Australia to New Zealand to China.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Montani from ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick follow-up for you. Was going to ask on the Automotive gross margins, Tom or Paul, if you can just elaborate a bit on why those gross margins were down in the quarter. That seems to be a little bit of change from what last year's then.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, that's -- I don't believe that statement is accurate. Our Automotive margins, you may recall in prior calls, we said were under pressure. What we've seen is a steady progression, but still not back to the point of stability. And we would expect that we'll see some of that as the year progresses and they're just lagging the other 3 businesses in terms of the progression through this process.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just if I could, on Office Products, I mean, obviously the outlook seems more positive, or constructive, for the back half. Is that primarily due to product line extensions or is there certain initiatives, Tom, that you can share with us?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, it's a combination of things. There will be some product line extensions that we think will be beneficial. There's some specific sales initiatives that we prefer not to get into on the call, but some pretty impactful, we think, potentially impactful initiatives that will help us as the year progresses. And we are hoping for some stability in the marketplace. The data that we have would suggest that the Office Products industry still is experiencing modest contraction. So we're hoping to see that turn here in the next quarter or 2 but we're not counting on it necessarily. We're trying to do the things that we have direct control over, but we're not in a position to give out specific sales initiatives.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jerry W. Nix: Jodie, thank you very much. We appreciate your joining us on the call today and we appreciate your continued interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in our second quarter conference call, if not sooner. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol B. Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc. Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jodie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts fourth quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for 2012. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman and CEO. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we normally do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I will share the duties today. And once we've concluded our planned comments, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. And we're pleased to tell you that we look forward to having Paul Donahue, GPC's recently-elected President, joining us on our April conference call.  Now earlier this morning, we released our fourth quarter and year-end 2011 results, and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $3,014,000,000, which was up 7%. Net income was $135 million, which was up 14%, and earnings per share were $0.86 this year compared to $0.75 in the fourth quarter of 2010, and the EPS increase was 15%. And this enabled us to end 2011 with sales of $12,459,000,000, which was up 11%. Net income was $565.1 million, which was up 19%, and earnings per share were $3.58 this year compared to $3 last year, and that's an EPS increase of 19%.  Now we did see some moderation on our fourth quarter revenue growth and our 7% increase in the quarter was our lowest of the year. However, it is in line with the guidance that we provided at the end of Q3, and it is also on top of a 14% increase in the fourth quarter of 2010, which was our strongest quarterly performance of 2010. It's important to say that we continue to feel good about the progress that we're making on the revenue side.  And then we were pleased to be up 15% in earnings per share in the quarter, especially on top of a 21% EPS increase in the fourth quarter of 2010. These are solid results in our opinion and as the full year -- as are the full year increases, and our 2011 results follow a very similar performance in 2010 when sales were up 11%, net income was up 19% and earnings per share were up 20%. So back-to-back good years from our perspective, and we entered 2012 with some positive momentum.  A review of the revenue results by business segment shows that our industrial-related businesses continue to produce the strongest performances. Motion Industries, our industrial distribution group; and EIS, our Electrical/Electronic business, were up 13% and 10%, respectively, in the quarter, and they were up 19% and 24%, respectively, for the year. In Motion's case, the 19% increase for the year follows a 22% increase in 2010.  Acquisitions added 2% to the quarterly increase and 3% to the year-to-date results, so you can see that the underlying industrial business remains solid. And as has been the case for some time now, these strong results are widespread across the business as evidenced by the fact that every geographic area was up double digits for the year.  Additionally, our top 10 product categories had double-digit increases. Our top 10 industry segments were up strong double digits as a group, and our top 20 customers were up over 20% on a combined basis. So the good results were broad-based, and they were quite consistent from a product, customer, industry segment and geographic perspective, and we're pleased with the overall sales strength and the balance that we see in our industrial business.  Moving onto the Electrical/Electronic segment, at plus 24% for the year, they obviously turned in another strong sales performance. Acquisitions added 7% to the quarterly increase and 11% for the year. And similar to the industrial operations, EIS enjoyed strong results in a number of different areas as evidenced by the fact that their top 25 customers were up over 20% for the year, and they were up 19% with their top 20 vendors. Additionally, every geographic area posted a double-digit increase.  So both Motion and EIS turned in strong results this past year, and at the current levels of industrial production and manufacturing capacity utilization indices, as well as the ISM Purchasing Managers Index, we are entering 2012 under generally favorable conditions for each of these businesses.  Moving on to Office Products. This is the one part of our business that continues to face the most challenging situation. Office Products revenues were down 1% in the fourth quarter. This follows 4 consecutive quarters of increases, but in looking back over the year, we did experience a decelerating sales pattern as the year progressed. After being up 5% in the first quarter, we were up 4% in the second, 3% in the third and then down 1% in the fourth. Now we were pleased to end the year up 3%. But in looking at industry-wide results, it's clear that overall demand has softened pretty significantly over the latter part of the year.  And looking a bit deeper into the numbers, our business with the independent office products resellers was flat in the fourth quarter, but we were pleased to see this group end the year with a bit single-digit increase. Our Mega Channel business was down again in Q4, and it was down low-double digits for the full year.  On the product side, office supplies, technology products and furniture had modest declines in the fourth quarter. But for the year, technology products and office supplies had low-single digit increases, while furniture was flat. Cleaning and break room supplies enjoyed low-double digit increases, both in the quarter and for the year, so good progress continues to be made in this category. But from an overall perspective, conditions in the office products industry remain challenging, and we expect demand to remain subdued for the foreseeable future.  And finally, a few comments on Automotive. This is our largest segment, and they ended the fourth quarter up 6%. This follows 4 consecutive quarters of 9% increases, so our Automotive operations have been performing well for us for a period of time now, and they were up 8% for the full year. It's interesting to note that these quarterly and full year results are essentially same-store sales increases, which we feel demonstrates the solid progress being made by our Automotive management team.  And looking a little deeper into the results of our company-owned store group, we see that our commercial business continues to outperform our retail business, and this has been the case all year long. In looking at our retail business first, we find that our average ticket value is actually up over the prior year, but the number of retail tickets is down, and we ended the quarter and the year with retail being up 1%. On the commercial side, both ticket counts and ticket values were up, and we ended the quarter up 6% and up 8% for the year, with both NAPA AutoCare and major accounts each finishing the year up low-double digits. This is back-to-back double digit increases in these 2 important commercial initiatives, which shows the good steady progress being made in each of these areas. Our fleet business was up 4% in the quarter and up 5% for the year. So when we put it all together, we feel good about the progress being made by our Automotive management team. We recognize that we have some work to do yet on the retail side of the business, but the commercial results remain solid. And following the Automotive segment's 7% increase in 2010, we feel that the 8% increase in 2011 demonstrates the good job being done by the Automotive managers, and we enter 2012 with a degree of optimism about their prospects in the year ahead.  And then one final comment on the Automotive segment is that we did complete our investment in Exego on January 1. You will recall that Exego was the leading automotive distribution company in Australia and New Zealand, with revenues of just over $1 billion. We paid approximately $150 million for a 30% ownership position, with the option to purchase the remaining 70% at one point in the next 2 to 3 years. We feel that this is a significant strategic move for us, and we will account for the 30% ownership position as minority interest on our income statement.  So that's a quick overview of the revenue performance by business segment. And at this time, we'll ask Jerry to cover the financial results. Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, and then we'll open the call up for your questions.  A review of the income statement shows the following: our sales results were strong throughout 2011, and total sales for the fourth quarter were up 7% to $3.0 billion. For the full year, we produced record revenues of $12.5 billion, which represents an 11% increase from 2010. We're proud of this accomplishment and especially pleased that all 4 of our business segments contributed to our growth for the year. Additionally, 2011 marked our 60th year of sales increases over the last 62 years. This is the kind of steady and consistent growth we look for in our businesses, and we're excited about the opportunity to improve on this record again in 2012 and beyond.  Gross profit in the fourth quarter is 29.6% of sales. That's up sequentially from 28.9% in the third quarter and up 50 basis points from 29.1% in the fourth quarter of the prior year. For the full year, gross margin was also flat at 28.9% compared to 29.0% in 2010. Achieving this level of gross margin for the year reflects pretty solid progress over the last few quarters.  As we turn to 2012, we'll continue to execute our ongoing buy- and sell-side initiatives to effectively manage supply chain costs, increase distribution efficiencies and maximize our pricing potential. This will be necessary to offset the impact of continued competitive pricing pressures and changes in product and customer sales mix across our businesses. Regardless, further progress in this area remains a high priority for us again for 2012, and our management team is very aware of and focused on this goal.  For the year, our cumulative price, which represents vendor supplier increases to us, we were plus 2.6% in Automotive, plus 4.1% in Industrial, plus 1.6% in Office Products and plus 5.3% in Electrical.  Turning to SG&A. Total expenses of $682 million were up 8.2% in the fourth quarter and were relatively flat at 22.6% of sales versus 22.5% in 2010 due to our solid operating performance in the quarter. We're facing a very tough comp on this line in the fourth quarter, and in addition, our cost of incentive-based compensation and related benefits were higher than originally forecasted due to our better-than-expected results.  For the full year, SG&A of $2.7 billion was 21.8% of sales. That's a 40 basis point improvement from 22.2% in the prior year. We're pleased to show continued improvement in controlling our expenses as a percentage of sales again in 2011, as we had made tremendous improvement in this area in 2010. We attribute this progress to the combined benefits of greater leverage associated with our sales growth and ongoing measures to control costs.  For the last few years, we benefited from cost-saving initiatives in areas such as freight, utilities, and warehouse and infrastructure costs, among others. We estimate that savings in these areas added to slightly more than $30 million in 2011. In addition, after reducing our headcount by approximately 12% in '08 and '09, we've added back just 2% of our labor force, including acquisitions, over the last 2 years. This is a pretty good testament to the hard work of our entire organization to effectively control costs, as well as the positive impact of our investments in technology over the last several years. These efforts have been meaningful to our overall results, and we understand that we must remain focused in these areas as we move forward in 2012.  Now let's discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the fourth quarter of $1,460,200,000, that's up 6%, and had operating profit of $89.9 million, up 9%, so nice margin expansion from 6.0% to 6.2% of revenue. The Industrial Group had sales in the quarter of $1,032,700,000, that's up 13%, and had operating profit of $89.1 million, up 21%, so very strong margin expansion from 8.1% to 8.6%.  Office Products had revenue in the quarter of $391.4 million. That's down 1%. Operating profit of $38.1 million was flat, so they had slight margin enhancement to 9.7% from 9.6%. Electrical Group had revenue in the quarter of $137.6 million, and that's up 10%. Operating profit of $10.3 million, up 17.5%, so nice expansion there from 7.0% to 7.5%.  Looking at the full year. Automotive had revenue of $6.1 billion, and that represents 49% of the total and an increase of 8%, had operating profit for the year, $467.8 million, up 11%, so again, nice margin improvement of 7.5% to 7.7%.  Industrial Group had revenue for the full year of $4.2 billion, representing 33% of the total. That was up 18.5%. It had operating profit of $337.6 million, up 32%, so very strong margin expansion from 7.3% to 8.1% of revenue.  Office Products had revenue for the full year of $1.7 billion, representing 14% of the total, up 3%. Operating profit of $134.1 million, up 2%. So we had slight decline in margin, but still very strong at 7.9%.  Electrical Group for the year had revenue of $557.5 million, represents 4% of the total, and that's up 24%. Operating profit of $40.7 million, up 32%, so very strong margin expansion of 6.9% to 7.3%.  Total operating profit increased by 12% in the fourth quarter, and operating profit margin improved 30 basis points to 7.5% from 7.2% in the fourth quarter of 2010. This increase was driven primarily by the improvement in our gross margin for the quarter. For the year, total operating profit increased 17%. Operating margin was up 40 basis points to 7.9%.  The solid progress we made in 2011 is due to improved expense leverage associated with our sales growth, as well as our measures to control costs noted earlier. We're encouraged by this level of progress and optimistic for further improvement in 2012.  We had net interest expense, $5.6 million in the fourth quarter, $24.6 million for the year, and both are down slightly from 2010 due to our new debt agreement, which was signed in November and carried a lower interest rate. We'll discuss our debt position later, but we expect our net interest expense to decrease to approximately $20 million to $22 million for 2012.  Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and noncontrolling interest, was an $11.6-million expense in the fourth quarter and $64.8 million for the year. The $1.9-million increase in the fourth quarter reflects the higher expenses for incentive-based compensation and related benefits that were discussed earlier, as well as certain other items such as insurance, legal and professional costs.  As we look ahead to 2012, we currently project the total other category to remain in the $60-million to $70-million range. This assumes consistent levels of incentive-based compensation, which we would expect to incur with normalized levels of growth.  For the fourth quarter, our tax rate was approximately 35.8% compared to 36.3% in the fourth quarter in 2010. For the year, tax rate is 36.6% compared to 37.6% for the prior year. Decrease in the rate for the year is primarily related to favorable adjustments recorded in the first quarter of 2011 that were associated with the expiration of the statute of limitations related to international taxes. Currently, we expect a tax rate for 2012 of approximately 36.5% to 37.0%.  Net income for the quarter, $135.0 million. That's up 14%, and EPS grew 15% to $0.86 compared to $0.75 last year. For the year, net income, $565 million, up 19%; EPS of $3.58 compared to $3 in 2010, and that's also an increase of 19%. We're very proud of our associates at Genuine Parts Company for helping us achieve record earnings in 2011.  Now let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at December 31 of $525 million is relatively consistent with cash at December 31, 2010. Our strong cash position was supported by the increase in earnings, effective asset management and cost reductions. We continue to use our cash to fund several ongoing priorities such as the increase in the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases, which we'll discuss in more detail later. We also used $58 million in 2011 to fund our pension plans as required from time to time.  Accounts receivable, $1.46 billion at December 31, increased 7% from 2010, which is relatively in line with our sales increase for the fourth quarter. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth, and we feel we made good progress toward this goal over the last half of 2011. We'll continue to emphasize improvement in this area, and we remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables.  Inventory at 12/31/2011 was $2.26 billion, and that's up less than 2% or approximately $37 million from December 31, 2010. In consideration of our 11% sales growth for the year, as well as inventory from acquisitions, we believe our management team managed this key investment very well again in 2011. We remain focused on further improving our inventory levels in 2012.  Accounts payable balance at December 31, $1.44 billion, which is up 5% from December 31 in the prior year. Primarily, the increase in trade payables in 2011 reflects the impact of increased inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volume. In addition, you may recall we have successfully negotiated extended payment terms and implemented other payable initiatives with our vendors to improve our payables position over the last couple of years. As a result, our DPO improved in each of the last few years, and we remain pleased with the positive direction of this working capital category.  As reported, working capital of $2.8 billion at December 31 is up 13% from 2010. But after adding back the $250-million current portion of the debt at December 31, 2010, the comparable increase is only 3%. So working capital is relatively consistent with the prior year, and we are encouraged with our ongoing progress in managing our working capital in 2011. Our balance sheet remains in excellent condition as we move forward into the new year.  Total debt at December 31, 2011, remains unchanged at $500 million, although it's certainly worth noting that we signed a new agreement in 2011 extending the $250-million credit facility, which matured in November of 2011. The new 5-year debt agreement carried a 3.35% interest rate and is now classified as long-term on the December 31 balance sheet. The second $250 million in debt is due in November of 2013.  Total debt to total capitalization at December 31, 15.2%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at the current time. We generated solid cash flows again in 2011, with cash from operations totaling approximately $625 million and free cash flow after deducting CapEx and dividends of approximately $245 million. Although slightly below the level we had projected for the year, we are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and remain committed to our ongoing priorities for the use of our cash, which we believe serve to maximize shareholder value.  These priorities are: first, the dividend, which we'd paid every year since going public in 1948, we've raised now for 56 consecutive years. Effectively, yesterday's board approval of a 10% increase in the company's annual dividend for 2012 to $1.98 per share from $1.80 per share paid in 2011. The new dividend represents approximately 55% of our 2011 earnings per share and currently yields about 3%. This is our second consecutive year to raise the dividend by 10%, and over the last 5 years, we've grown the dividend by a compounded annual growth rate of 6.3%.  Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment in capital expenditures were $39 million for the fourth quarter, up from $26 million invested in the fourth quarter of the prior year. For the full year, CapEx was $103 million compared to $85 million in 2010. Increase in our CapEx spending was in line with our investment plans for 2011, and we currently expect our CapEx spending to increase further in 2012 to approximately $110 million to $125 million for the full year. The vast majority of these investments will continue to be weighted toward productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology.  Depreciation, amortization, $22 million in the quarter and $89 million for the year, is consistent with this expense in 2010. We expect D&A to be approximately $90 million to $100 million in 2012.  Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing important use of our cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. In 2011, we completed 3 acquisitions at Motion Industries, including Dayton Tool & Supply (sic) [Dayton Supply & Tool] and D.P. Brown in January, Terin [ph] Hydraulics in July. At EIS, we acquired Cobra Wire & Cable in September. Combined annual revenues for these acquired companies totaled approximately $125 million. These new businesses had a positive impact on the Industrial and Electrical segments in 2011, and we believe they will contribute nicely to our results in 2012 as well.  You can see that between these strategic bolt-on type acquisitions and the investment in Australia's Exego, as Tom mentioned earlier, which was effective January 1 of 2012, we continue to find opportunities for acquisitions. We anticipate additional opportunities for acquisitions in 2012, and we'll remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy, generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25-million to $125-million range, although we've proven there are certainly exceptions to this rule.  In the fourth quarter of 2011, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 175,000 shares of our company's stock on the company share repurchase program. For the year, we purchased approximately 2.4 million shares, and today, we have approximately 13.5 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and, combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders.  In closing, I want to thank all of the dedicated GPC associates for their hard work and dedication to the success of the company. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year performance. 2011 was highlighted by double-digit sales and earnings growth, which were also record sales and earnings. We enter the new year committed to growing sales and earnings, generating solid cash flows and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We're very proud of the many good things going on throughout our organization and also optimistic that we can carry our positive momentum into 2012 and beyond.  And that concludes the financial review, so I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that's an overview of our fourth quarter and 2011 results, and we're proud of the job that was done by the GPC team this past year, and we thank them for their efforts.  As we turn our attention to 2012, we're cautiously optimistic. We are pleased to be coming off 2 good years in 2010 and 2011, and we feel that we have a bit of positive momentum. And the underlying fundamentals continue to be encouraging in 3 of our 4 businesses.  At the same time, however, we see that gasoline prices remain at near historical highs, with the threat of going higher in the months ahead. This could have a direct effect on our Automotive business. Additionally, the higher fuel costs could impact consumer spending, which will indirectly affect end market demand in our Industrial and Electrical businesses. And as mentioned earlier, our expectation is for sluggish demand in Office Products for several quarters yet. So with all of that said, our preliminary expectations are for 2012 revenue growth in the 6% to 8% range, with Automotive being up 5% to 7%, Industrial up 8% to 10%, Electrical/Electronic up 8% to 10% and Office Products up 1% to 3%. And with top line growth at these levels, we would anticipate earnings growth of 8% to 12%, which would give us an earnings per share range of $3.85 to $4, and we look forward to refining these numbers further as we progress through the year.  So that will conclude our planned comments this morning. And at this point, we'll turn the call back to Jodie and then take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you -- first on the Auto side, there has been talk of some weather impact in December, and it sounds like some of your peers saw some acceleration to start the year, as perhaps they lapped some tough weather trends from January of a year ago. Is that something that you are seeing in your business as well?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we were affected to a degree by the weather in the fourth quarter. And as we've said many times before, we don't like to use that as any excuse for performance. We're proud of the job that was done by our team in the fourth quarter even with the weather consideration. We would expect our first quarter revenues to be up at least in line with fourth quarter revenue or maybe just a little bit better.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then, also on the top line side, in the Industrial business, is there a change in the complexion of the types of products that are being bought? It sounded like, previously, perhaps it was more a maintenance product that people are buying for production purposes. Are you seeing more of a capital-type investment from your customers? Or is it the same?
Thomas Gallagher: I think the project work, which is driven by the CapEx through our customer segment -- the project work is pretty consistent and has been for the last few quarters, so we're pleased with that. We use that as a little bit of an internal leading indicator. So at this point, we think the project work will stay relatively steady through the first half of the year, and we're optimistic about what the Industrial Group can do over the first half of this year.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then finally on the gross margin side, did vendor or catalog allowances come into play in the fourth quarter? I know last year you had, actually, had a tough compare on the allowance side. So I was just curious how that set up and if that ended up helping your gross margin overall.
Jerry W. Nix: Chris, we did see a slight improvement in the incentives that we got versus the prior year. We didn't get as much in the LIFO as we had gotten in the prior year, so it was a number of factors that go into the improvement in the gross margin in the fourth quarter. I would be misleading you if I were to attribute all of that to higher volume incentives. They're just a number -- we've got some pricing software we're using as well as parsing better, I think, so -- but yes, we saw some slight improvement in the vendor incentives. We've gotten those incentives back up to about where they were prior to the recession.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question. As we think about the mix within each of your 4 business lines, Industrial, Office, EIS and Auto, and as the economy theoretically recovers over the next year to 3 years here and your business sort of naturally has some lifting, I'm just curious. Traditionally, have you seen sort of a richening of mix, meaning the products that you're selling into that kind of economic recovery might carry higher margins? Or is it something that's pretty consistent and you just get good operating leverage off the higher sales base? I'm just trying to understand mix versus operating leverage as the economy hopefully recovers here.
Thomas Gallagher: John, I think that we might see some incremental benefit from product mix going forward. One of the things that we've seen for the past few years has been the downward pressure on pricing, and it's caused people to move down the value chain in terms of the products they're selecting. And it's also had an impact on related sales, and we're not selling as many of the related items in some of the businesses that we might sell in an improving economy. So I think we potentially could benefit from that if the economy stays healthy going forward.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I'm sorry, Tom, that would be most acute in the Auto business? Or would that be across all businesses?
Thomas Gallagher: It's more -- I think it'd be more pronounced in Automotive and in Office Products, and to a lesser degree in the other 2 industrial-related businesses.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just a second question. You alluded to pricing a number of times here. I'm just curious what you're seeing from a competitive set there versus what you're seeing on the cost side, because it sounds like you're getting some cost increases from your vendors, but it doesn't sound like the pass-through has been that great. I'm just curious what the competitive environment is for pricing that you're seeing in the 4 segments, if it's continuing to get tougher. It sounds like it.
Thomas Gallagher: No, I wouldn't suggest it's getting tougher, but I would say it's been pretty consistent for a period of time now. It's competitive in all 4 of the businesses. I don't think it's any more pronounced today than it has been, and we don't expect it to get any better, at least in the near term. We are having some benefit on the purchase side of it, the buy side of it, and the margin improvement we're getting is somewhat attributable to buy-side improvement, but also attributable to just doing a little better job ourselves in how we're setting resale prices.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, as we look at the op margin improvement, it's been pretty good in the last 2 years, but it's still light versus where you guys have been historically, at sort of 9% to 10% on op margin. I mean, is there anything structurally that, as we step forward over the next couple of years, that you think would limit your ability to get back to that 9% to 10% range? Or is this really a function of where we are in the business cycle?
Jerry W. Nix: John, I think it's more of a function of where we are in the business cycle, but I would also tell you that our target is continue to get 10 to 20 basis points improvement in our operating margin each year, but that's going to be driven a lot by this gross margin issue that we talked about earlier, and we seem to have turned the corner there in the last couple of quarters, so we'll have to continue to show a gross margin expansion. If we do that, then we'll continue to show some improvement. But the marketplace, as Tom mentioned, remains very competitive, and for us to get back to those operating margins 10 years or so ago is probably not in the works.
Thomas Gallagher: But, John, I'd add to that, our near-term goals and objectives have been to get the operating margins back to 8% to 8.5%. We were up 50 basis points in 2010, 40 basis points in 2011 and operating margin of 7.9%. So we're approaching the bottom end of that target range. Our expectation is that we'll cross into the 8% to 8.5% in 2012, and then as Jerry said, we'll be looking for 10- to 20-basis-point improvement on a consistent basis going forward.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just one just last question on the working capital, Jerry. You guys did a great job of growing working capital just 3%, I mean, less than half of what sales grew. I mean, is that something we should expect, is something on the working capital side that is a lot slower than what you're seeing on the sales line, which is a good thing, obviously?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, I think so. That's a major initiative we have, and we've done a great job in a couple of categories in the last few years of payables and inventory. We haven't done as good a job in receivables as we should have, but we've got a number of initiatives going forward. So yes, I think you'll continue to see it growing at a rate less than sales certainly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Melich from ISI.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: On the Office Products, the deceleration, Tom, that you mentioned through the course of the year, is that just a demand end-through or pull-through that you're seeing? Or are you seeing that some of the Mega guys in particular maybe bring some SKUs back to help run their warehouses a bit better? Or is that sort of a like-for-like?
Thomas Gallagher: No, I think it'd be more the former than the latter. And it seems, at this point, we're waiting, and over the next 2 weeks, we're going to get some additional insight as some of the other publicly traded companies report. But at this point, it does seem that demand decelerated really over the second half of the year more so than the first half. And it also seems that the public sector is where we saw more deceleration than in the private sector, quite honestly. So that -- and we're getting that anecdotally from our customer base, but that's where they're seeing more contraction in demand than in the rest of their customer set.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That's great, helpful. And then second, Jerry, the SG&A obviously had some nice control, and you went through some of the measures you've done the last 3 years to really get there. But in the fourth quarter, it did tick up quite a bit. Was there anything unusual about the fourth quarter? Or you think you've just sort of reached the point that sales end up growing at this sort of 7% rate, that it's just going to be impossible or near impossible to leverage SG&A?
Jerry W. Nix: Greg, you're starting to sound like one of our operators now. Certainly, that's not the case at 7% growth that we can't make SG&A improvement. It was really we had underestimated accrual for the compensation and the good year that we had overall, and there were a couple of benefit items that we had to catch up on in there as well. But no, we can continue to make improvement in the SG&A side.
Thomas Gallagher: And, Greg, I'd just add that I think the guidance we provided earlier would indicate that when we said that we thought the revenues will be up 6% to 8% but the earnings will be up 8% to 12%.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So SG&A is part of that. It's not just gross margin, bending gross margins, you would say.
Thomas Gallagher: Yes.
Gregory S. Melich - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then lastly, in your guidance, you gave the price that you saw this year. And I guess as you go forward and think about 2012, what sort of inflation do you expect to see? Do you expect to see better, worse? And maybe by categories if you can.
Thomas Gallagher: We're a little bit early in the year to be making categorical statements. But at this point, our expectation is that price increases in each of the 4 businesses will be roughly in line with what we saw in 2011. We need a few more months to be able to tighten that up some. But Jerry gave those impacts earlier, and we're planning for about the same. There may be some variance from one to the other, but in total, they'll be pretty close.
Jerry W. Nix: Greg, just clarification, about the same increase, not the same level for pricing. But it's about the same percentage increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I know you've kind of given us an outline of expectations by segment, but when you kind of look at the business and kind of the structural drivers in each one, if you had to kind of pick a business that had the biggest upside and which one had the biggest risk, how should we think about that at this stage?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'd say the industrial-related businesses have some upside. At the same time, if we see something happen that is negatively impactful on the economy, there's some downside risk there, obviously. But I think there is some upside in the industrial-related businesses. And if we had to force rank them, we'd say that there's probably a little bit of downside risk in Office Products only because our expectation is that the first half of the year is going to be a little bit more challenging than the back half of the year. And we're hoping that our planning for the back half of the year comes to fruition and proves accurate.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then it sounds like Motion is experiencing basically strength across the board as you indicated. Are there any verticals at all not humming along for those guys? Or is it really just every single major vertical that they're servicing that yet you're seeing very strong sales growth?
Thomas Gallagher: We still see sluggishness in anything that's related to construction. But all of the others remain very, very positive.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question regarding NAPA, and this is just kind of an industry question for your peers as well. But if we were to start to get a meaningful rebound in the SAAR like we've started to see in terms of new car sales, how do you think that impacts your NAPA business given your longevity in that industry and obviously, all the data you've collected over time?
Thomas Gallagher: Well first, we'd like to say that we hope we do see some rebound in the SAARs. We think that's long-term positive for the industry. We don't think there's any material near-term impact if we do, in fact, experience that. We've still got a long way to go, as you know, to get back to the 16 million, 17 million vehicles that were sold back a few years ago. It's an interesting thing right now. We're at a point in time where approaching 3/4 of the vehicles that are on the road today are out of warranty. And while we will see, let's say, 14 2, 14 5 in new vehicle sales this year, that's still going to leave a huge number of vehicles that are out of warranty and need to come into the aftermarket for repair, and they continue to age. The average age is 10.6 years today, and it's going to continue to go up from all projections we see for the foreseeable future. So we'd like to see new car sales rebound and continue to improve. But at the same time, we think the impact will be minimal, if anything at all. And the next couple of years -- if the economy holds, the next couple of years should be pretty good ones for the aftermarket.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Brinkman from Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: On the Office Products side, you talked a little bit about some of the top line trends in that division, I think, public versus private customers. I was curious what perhaps you are seeing in terms of megas versus independents. And then also on Office, I noticed that the margins were the strongest in 4Q that they've been in several years despite the softer top line trend. Perhaps you could comment on that as well.
Thomas Gallagher: In terms of the difference between the megas and the independents, we ended the year up mid-single digits with the independent office products reseller, and they had a pretty good year over the course of the year. But if we look at it sequentially, they too experienced some moderation in growth as the year progressed, primarily in the last 2 quarters. If we look at the Mega Channel, we were down low-double digits for the full year. So these are fairly consistent with what we saw in 2010, and we haven't seen any material change over the last 2 years. As far as the margin, I think we did a good job on the SG&A. We did, in fact, have a little improvement in our gross profit there. And regrettably, they did not hit their objectives from an incentive-based pay standpoint, so the impact of them was not as favorable as it was on the rest of the business.
Jerry W. Nix: I'd also point out, Ryan, that Office Products' operating margins were over 9% leading up to the recession. And in '08 and '09, they started to decline, and it's a matter of getting their expenses under control with the top line growth that they have, but they had a nice fourth quarter from that perspective.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. Can I just ask 2 real quick about how you think about the operating margin performance of your different divisions as we head into 2012? For example, how do you think about incremental EBIT margins at your respective divisions? In 2011, the incremental margins at Industrial and at Electrical were significantly higher than the EBIT margin overall for those different divisions. I assume that's because of a lot of vendor rebate recapture. As we go into 2012 and you've guided to a little bit slower top line growth for those 2 different divisions, should we continue -- should we expect to see continued very strong EBIT incremental? Or do you think that those could moderate a little bit next year?
Thomas Gallagher: I'll try to answer that question in a couple of different ways. First of all, the margin improvement that we saw in Industrial was partly attributable to some incentives, but largely and primarily attributable to good top line growth; some gross profit management; and also, some really good SG&A work. So if we think about the 4 businesses going forward, we're actually planning on incremental margin improvement at all 4 of the businesses. The degree that we'll get in any one business is going to be somewhat driven by the level of revenue growth that we get. If, in fact, we had another strong double-digit increase in Industrial, then we'll get significantly more margin improvement there than if we have a low single-digit increase at Office Products. But for internal planning purposes, we're looking for all 4 of the businesses to give us some margin improvement in 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mario Gabelli from GAMCO Investors.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Just a question, Tom. As you're looking out 3 years from now and as we think about your acquisition in Australia, how big do you want the Automotive part of your business to be? Or how big could it be outside North America?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, assuming we go through with the option that we have for the remaining 70%, that's a business of just over $1 billion. And that company, we hope, will grow at high-single to low-double digit growth going forward. So that'll be our primary international initiative using Exego or Repco as our platform company in Southeast Asia. So we'd like to see it grow or outgrow or outperform the growth of our North American business, but we're also planning for some healthy growth in North America as well.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: But it's more likely to have that business be a platform for use of the balance sheet than a fourth or fifth leg in the U.S.
Thomas Gallagher: I think that's right. I think that's a fair statement. We'd like to stay in the 4 businesses we're in, look for additional opportunities in North America, but also explore what we consider to be good opportunities internationally.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: Jerry, this is just a tax question. Some of us are modeling in a lower tax rate because the President is going to propose it, not that, that means that the guys that own the dividends will be helped. But are you a full cash taxpayer U.S.?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, we are.
Mario Joseph Gabelli - GAMCO Investors, Inc.: So book and cash are almost equal.
Jerry W. Nix: That'd be correct.
Operator: . Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello from BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First question is when we look at sort of the Automotive side of the business, and I know over, let's say, the last 5-plus years, there's always sort of in that target of wanting to get some incremental growth on the company-owned store side, but maybe that never transpired to the extent that you wanted. Can you sort of update us on sort of your growth trajectory, where you ended the year on company-owned and how we might think about that business as we move forward?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't break out company-owned and independently-owned specifically, Tony. But I would say that as we go forward, our expectation is that the company-owned may grow at a slightly faster rate than the independently-owned, and more so because of some expansion initiatives that we have underway. The last couple of years, we have done more consolidating of some stores and to really strengthen the performance of the individual stores. And I think our same-store sales growth would indicate that we've been reasonably successful in that venture. But I think, at this point, we're looking forward to more aggressive company store expansion, primarily in the markets we're already in, and filling in those existing markets and leveraging off of those management teams. And over the next couple of years, I think that's what we'll see.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: On the strategy of trying to capture a bit more of the retail sales side, where do you think you are in that? And I know your business model is much more heavy on the sort of -- the "do it for me" or the commercial side.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'd say that, as you know, we're 70% to 75% commercial and 25% to 30% retail. At 20% to 25% of our total volume, we do a fair amount of retail business, but we think there's some upside there, and we've got a couple of initiatives underway that are very early but are somewhat encouraging. And we'd like to continue to grow the retail business, at a minimum, in line with what the overall retail segment is growing, but preferably at a rate slightly in excess of that in the years ahead.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And just one sort of housekeeping issue. And maybe, Jerry, when you look at sort of the retirement and other retirement benefit liabilities, that numbers appeared to sort of jump a bit. Is there anything in that number that -- again, if I missed your commentary in your prepared remarks, I apologize.
Jerry W. Nix: No, we didn't address it specifically, but we do have a concern about where we're going with our pension liability and the pension expense. That's driven by some assumptions that we really don't have any control over. We did make a contribution of $57 million to our pension plan last year. Right now, we're looking at a smaller contribution in 2012. But the pension expense, we're projecting an increase on that. So there is a lot going on in the pension liability, pension expense side, Tony. And yes, it is a concern, and we're going to review every option that we have available to us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Richard Hilgert from Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of minor things first. The depreciation and amortization is going up in 2012, which -- that seems logical given your additional investments in the business. But I would've expected it to rise a bit more in 2011 versus 2010 instead of declining. Was there something in there that I didn't catch in the call that -- when you were going through the numbers?
Jerry W. Nix: No. We would have probably had some projects that we were amortizing off that disappeared on us, and we also would have had some intangibles that would have been included in that number that were fully amortized. But it should increase, you're right, as we invest more. We did squeeze down our CapEx numbers back during the recessionary period, and we're building that back up to what we would consider normal maintenance CapEx of around $120 million a year. And if that's the case, then you're going to see our D&A be around $90 million to $100 million.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: All right, okay. On the working capital, you have been doing a great job of keeping that to a minimum, especially relative to sales. The year-over-year change in working capital though, there again, I would've expected a bit more of a negative number given the receivables change and the investment in inventory. And when I add up the numbers on the balance sheet, I'm coming up with a much larger negative number than what's showing up there, just a negative of $25 million. Can you give us a little bit of detail about what's going on in that line?
Jerry W. Nix: I'm not sure, Richard, that I understand exactly where you're going with that, but our inventory was only up 2% on an 11% sales increase. So we did show progress there, and our receivables up 7% on a 7% fourth quarter. Our payables, we had an issue with payables. We were up 5% in payables, but we were up 26% in payables at 12/31/2010 because we had a number of vendors that we gave -- got extended terms from in 2010, and that's a onetime boost. It's a permanent boost, but it's onetime, and then we've got some others that we're looking to put on our vendor payable program here in 2012. So I'm not sure if that addresses what your specific question is, but we certainly can address that offline.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, that'd be fine. I'm just -- I'm referring to the negative $26 million in the cash flow statement in 2011. When I look at the balance sheet items and sum them all together, I'm coming up with a much larger negative number, that's all.
Jerry W. Nix: Well, that negative in that changes in operating assets and liabilities, that's inventory payable and receivables, and the big swing, we had about a $200-million swing in our payables.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right, yes, exactly. That's why I'm saying I was thinking it should have been a larger negative than what it turned out...
Jerry W. Nix: Well, we had improvement in the inventory, but we'll take it offline with you.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Very good. The last question I wanted to touch on was the long-term view in the Office Products business. As you mentioned earlier, prior to the great recession, you were running high 9% operating margins there. And we've seen the operating margins erode down into the 7%, 6% sometimes range on a quarterly basis. With the secular change that's going on in that business, I'm wondering, is pricing such that the cost structure of the business won't align with an operating margin to get to where you had been before? Or is this business, long term, one that we could see the margins get back into that 9% range?
Thomas Gallagher: I think it will be a while, if at all, that we get back in that 9% to 10% range. But in prior conversations or calls, we've said that we did feel that with reasonable top line growth, that we could get the operating margins back to the 8.5% range. So that's our near-term objective, is to get them back up to close to 8.5%.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to the presenters for their closing remarks.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Jodie. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today, and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future. If not sooner, then we'll be -- look forward to visiting with you on our first quarter conference call in April.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Thomas Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Carol B. Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Michael P. Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark A. Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brooke, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Secretary. Thank you. Ms. Yancey, you may begin your conference.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts third quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and our outlook for the remainder of 2011. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I will split the duties on this call. And once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our third quarter 2011 results, and hopefully, you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $3,286,000,000 which was up 11%. Operating profit was $276.8 million, and that represents a 19% increase. Net income was $151.8 million, which was up 15%, and earnings per share were $0.97 this year compared to $0.83 in the third quarter of 2010, and the EPS increase was 17%.  These were all record results for us. So we feel we had another good quarter. It was solid contributions from all 4 of our business segments, and we're proud of the job that is being done by the GPC team. Through their continued efforts, we feel that we are positioned to have another good year in 2011. A review of the third quarter results by business segment shows that our Industrial and Electrical operations continue to produce the largest sales increases. Motion Industries, our Industrial Distribution business, was up 18% in the quarter on top of the 29% increase in the third quarter of last year and then went over $1 billion in quarterly sales for the second consecutive quarter. So our Industrial operations continue to perform well.  Acquisitions added about 3% to the Industrial increase in the quarter, but importantly, the ongoing operations generated a very healthy 15% increase. So the underlying Industrial business continues to generate strong results.  And as we look a bit more closely at the sales detail, we continue to be encouraged by the solid performance that we see across a broad base of the Industrial business as evidenced by the fact that all 10 of the top product categories were up double digit in the quarter, and as a group, they were up over 20%. And then 9 of the top 10 industry segments had double-digit increases in the third quarter, and as a group, they were up over 20% also. A review of the top 20 customers shows a combined purchase increase of over 20% for this group, and one final point is that every geographic region was up double digits in the quarter.  These are consistent results and as you can see, the Industrial business remains quite strong and healthy, and they're running up just over 20% year-to-date. And with the Industrial production and capacity utilization indices each continuing to look favorable, we remain optimistic about the prospects for our Industrial business over the final quarter of the year and on into the early part of 2012.  Moving on to the Electrical segment. EIS had another strong performance with sales being up 22%, which is on top of a 31% increase in the third quarter of 2010. Acquisition revenue added 11 points to the quarterly increase and represents sales from Seacoast Electric acquired in August of 2010 and Cobra Wire & Cable, which we acquired on September 1 of this year. We expect Cobra to generate annual revenues of approximately $43 million, and we are pleased with this strategic addition to the EIS business. In addition to the acquisition boost that we got on revenue, copper pricing had a positive sales impact of 3%, which means that the ongoing EIS operations were up 8% in the quarter, which we feel is a solid performance. As with our Industrial business, the increases across the EIS product categories and customer segments were broad-based and consistent, which is indicative of a healthy end market, as well as a good job being done by the EIS team. Through 3 quarters, they're up 30% and with the Institute for Supply Management Purchasing Managers Index remaining above 50 through September, we're encouraged about EIS' prospects in the months ahead.  Office Products was up 3% in the quarter. This follows a 5% increase in the first quarter and a 4% increase in the second quarter. So we have seen a modest deceleration in our growth rates as the year has progressed. As has been the case for a number of quarters now, our sales to the independent Office Products channel have outpaced our sales to the Mega Channel. The independent business was up 6% in the quarter, and they're up 7% year-to-date, so steady progress is being made with this customer segment. But then this is being offset by continued decreases with the Mega Channel, which was down 12% in the quarter and is down 11% for the year.  On the product side, we had positive results in 3 of the 4 main product categories: office supplies; technology products; and cleaning and break room; and then we were down just slightly in the furniture category in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, each of the 4 product categories is positive and our Office Products company is up 4%. While not up to our historical results, we do feel that S.P. Richards is performing in line or perhaps just a bit above the overall Office Products industry, and we feel that it will take a more robust overall jobs recovery for demand in the industry to show material improvement.  And finally, a few comments about Automotive. We're pleased to report another 9% increase for this segment. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of 9% increases, and we feel that it is indicative of the good job that our Automotive team has been doing. Within our company-owned store group, our same-store sales were up 6.9%, and this was driven by continued solid results on the commercial side of the business where we're up 8% in the quarter. We did see a little improvement on the retail side ending the quarter at 2% after being essentially flat in the second quarter.  Within the Commercial segment, we saw continued good growth in our NAPA AutoCare and major account initiatives. They combined for a 10% increase in the quarter, and they're up 10% on a year-to-date basis as well. So the results from these 2 important programs remain strong.  Our fleet business was up 5% in the quarter, following 5% increases in each of the first 2 quarters, so a steady and consistent performance in this category. And then our non-fleet Commercial business, which includes AutoCare and major accounts, was up low double digits in the quarter, as well as year-to-date, again, showing a steady and consistent picture. When we put it all together, we're pleased to be able to report another 9% increase for our Automotive operations, and we feel good about their prospects over the remainder of the year.  Now before turning the call over to Jerry, it is perhaps appropriate to make a few comments about our recently announced plans to take a 30% ownership position in Exego group, the leading automotive distributor in Australia and New Zealand. Exego has annual revenues of just over $1 billion, and they go to market through 430 company-owned locations in Australia and New Zealand. This investment represents an important strategic initiative on our part, which we believe positions the company for significant long-term growth opportunities in Australia and New Zealand, as well as the potential for targeted growth in Asia. The regulatory approvals required in Australia and New Zealand are well underway and should be completed within another 45 days or so. We don't anticipate any issues and expect to close on the agreement on or about December 1. As a result, we do not expect this investment to have any real impact on our business in the current year.  Exego's leading market position and long and successful history, serving both the DIFM and the DIY markets, makes them a valuable partner to us. In addition, we've had the opportunity to study each other's businesses over the years, and our fundamental values and commitment to the automotive aftermarket align very well. We're also fortunate that the structure of the investment allows us to enter these new markets in a disciplined manner.  Genuine Parts Company has the option to acquire the remaining shares of Exego once it has met certain earnings thresholds, which we anticipate to be several years away. While a minority owner, we intend to fully support Exego's growth strategies and learn even more about the future growth opportunities in Australia and New Zealand and the surrounding markets. As a 30% stakeholder, the return on our investment will be accounted for as minority interest income on our income statement.  For 2012, we estimate an earnings contribution of approximately $0.04 to $0.05. We think this is a conservative expectation, and we expect it to grow in each subsequent year. So that's our update for today. We're excited about this growth opportunity for our Automotive business, and we will be happy to answer additional questions in the Q&A portion of the call.  But first, we'd like to ask Jerry to give you an update on our third quarter and 9-month financial performance. Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the third quarter 9-month income statements and segment information then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, and then we'll open the call up to your questions.  A review of the income statement shows the following. Total sales reached another record high of $3.3 billion for the third quarter, up 11% from last year and our sixth conservative quarter of double-digit sales growth. For the 9 months, total sales are $9.4 billion, up 12% from 2010. And if you look ahead to the fourth quarter, we remain encouraged by the continued positive sales momentum across our businesses. Gross profit for the third quarter was 28.87%, up slightly from our margin in the second quarter this year and in line with the 28.91% achieved in the third quarter last year. This is significant as it shows that we met our objective of improving gross margin to an even run rate with the prior year a quarter earlier than we expected. As for the 9 months, gross margin at 28.7% compared to 29.0% last year, down 30 basis points. We're encouraged by the steady progress on this line, and over the past few periods, we expect and we expect our fourth quarter gross margin to hold at no less than our rate for the fourth quarter last year. Going forward, we would expect to show gradual improvement in our gross margins in 2012. To accomplish this goal, we'll continue to execute our ongoing buy and sell side initiatives to reduce supply chain costs, increased distribution efficiencies and maximize pricing potential. These initiatives are necessary to account the impact of factors such as competitive pricing pressures, changes in product mix and a growing mix of sales to national accounts in most of our businesses, which generally come to lower margin, but higher sales volumes. As we work towards further improving our gross margin, we'll also continue to focus on our cost-saving initiatives and overall improvement in operating expenses. For the year, our cumulative pricing through 9 months, which represents supply increases to us was plus 2.4% in Automotive, 3.3% increase in Industrial, plus 1.6% in Office Products and plus 4.8% in Electrical.  Turning to SG&A. Expenses are $701 million were up 9.5% from $641 million for the same period in 2010, and as a percent of sales improved by 40 basis points to 21.4% versus 21.7% last year. For the 9 months in 2011, SG&A stands at $2.0 billion, a 9.3% increase from the same period in 2010 and at 21.5% of sales, which is a 60 basis point improvement from 22.1% of sales last year. We're encouraged by the continued improvement in our expenses as a percentage of sales, and we attribute this progress to the combined benefits of greater leverage associated with our sales growth and ongoing measures to control costs. In addition to the favorable impact of prior year expense reduction initiatives, which included a 12% headcount reduction in '08 and '09, our ongoing cost initiatives have produced further savings of approximately $30 million through September this year. We've also added back just 3% of our labor force, including acquisitions since the beginning of 2010. These initiatives continue to positively impact our costs in several areas including freight, utilities, warehouse and infrastructure cost. And in the current period serve to partially offset a $6 million expense associated with our third quarter retirement plan valuation adjustment, which we had not anticipated at the time of our last earnings call. We're pleased with our progress in effectively controlling costs thus far in 2011, and our management team remains focused in this area. Tightly managing our expenses remains a top priority, and we'll continue to assess the proper cost structure of our businesses as revenue growth continues.  Now I'll discussed the segment results. For the quarter, Automotive had revenue in the third quarter of $1,611,300,000 that was up 9%. It had operating profit $141.2 million, up 14%. So nice operating profit margin expansion from 8.4% to 8.8%. The Industrial Group for the quarter had revenue of $1,089,800,000, up 18% and our operating profit is $97.2 million, up 33% so very strong margin expansion from 7.9% to 8.9%. Office Products had revenue in the quarter $447.3 million, that's up 3%. Operating profit of $27.2 million, up 2% with margin staying flat at 6.1%. The Electrical Group had revenue in the quarter $143.3 million, up 22%. Operating profit $11.1 million, up 33%. So nice margin expansion from 7.2% in the third quarter last year to 7.8% third quarter this year.  Looking at sales by segment. For the full 9 months, automotive had revenue of $4,601,300,000, that represents 49% of the total. That's up 9%, and it had operating profit of $377.9 million, up 11.5%. So margins expanded 20 basis points to 8.2%. Industrial Group had revenue for the 9 months $3,140,900,000 representing 33% of the total and that's up 20.5%. With the operating profit $248.5 million, up 37%. So again, strong margin expansion for the 9 months, as well as the third quarter going from 7.0% to 7.9%.  Office Products had revenue for the 9 months $1,298,000,000. That represents 14% of the total, up 4% with operating profit of $96.0 million, up 2.5%. So margins down slightly from 7.5% to 7.4%. The Electrical Group had revenue for the 9 months of $420.0 million. That's 4% of the total, up 29.5% with operating profit $30.4 million, up 37%. Again, nice margin expansion from 6.8% to 7.2% of revenue.  So on a consolidated basis, total operating profit increased by 19% in the third quarter. Operating profit margin improved 50 basis points to 8.4% from 7.9% in the third quarter 2010. For the 9 months, total operating profit increased 18%, and operating margin of 8.8% is up 40 basis points from last year. Now this is solid progress for both the quarter and the year, driven by the improved expense leverage associated with our sales growth and our cost management efforts noted earlier.  We had net interest expense of $6.2 million and $19.0 million for the third quarter and 9 months, respectively, which is down slightly from 2010. We continue to expect our net interest for the full year to be approximately $25 million to $26 million. The other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and noncontrolling interest was a $23.4 million expense in the quarter and is $53.2 million for the 9 months through September. This quarter's expenses up approximately $10.5 million from the third quarter last year and primarily reflects the difference in a $3 million favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment recorded in 2010 and a $6 million expense recorded in the third quarter this year as mentioned earlier. With the exception of this line item, the expenses in other are relatively in line with last year subject to slight increases in expenses like incentive-based comps, such as bonuses and stock options. We currently project the total other category to be approximately $60 million for the full year.  Tax rate for the quarter was approximately 38.6% compared to 38.0% for the third quarter in 2010. Increase in the rate was due to the nondeductible status of the retirement plan adjustment just discussed. For the 9 months, our 36.8% effective tax rate compares favorably to the 38.0% for the same period last year, with the decrease in the rate due to the favorable adjustment in the first quarter of this year associated with the expiration of the stature of limitation related to international taxes. We expect the tax rate for the full year in 2011 to be in the range of 36.5% to 37%. Net income for the quarter, $151.8 million, was up 15%. EPS, a record $0.97 compared to $0.83 last year, up 17%. For the year, net income is $430.2 million, up 21%. EPS $2.72 compared to $2.25 in the prior year, which is also up 21%.  Now let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at September 30 of $535 million is up slightly from September 30 last year and remains strong. We built our cash position from increased earnings, effective asset management and cost reductions, and we continue to use our cash to fund several ongoing priorities such as the increase in the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases. We'll discuss each of these areas in more detail later.  We'd also add that in the third quarter, we used $43 million in cash to fund our pension plan, which is required from time to time. We expect to continue to generate consistently strong cash flows through the balance of the year. Accounts receivable, $1.53 billion, increased 10% from September 30, 2010, on an 11% increase in sales for the third quarter. This is an improvement from where we were last quarter and is in line with our company goal of growing receivables at a rate less than revenue growth. So good to see some progress in this area, and we also remain very satisfied with the quality of our receivables.  Inventory at 9/30 was $2.25 billion, up 1% from December 31, 2010, and up 3% or $68 million from September 30 last year. In consideration of our double-digit sales growth, we believe the management team continues to manage this key investment very well, and we remain focused on further improving our inventory results over the balance of 2011. We improved our accounts payable position again this quarter with trade payables increase in the $1.59 billion, up 16% from September 30 in the prior year. Our progress in trade payables primarily reflects the impact of increased inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volume, as well as extended payment terms and other payable initiatives with our vendors. With the improvement in our accounts payable position, our DPO continues to improve as well, and we remain very pleased with the positive direction of this working capital account. Working capital of $2.4 billion at September 30 is down 10% from last year and for comparison purposes, when we add back the $250 million current portion of debt at September 30, 2011, working capital is basically unchanged from September 30 of last year. We're encouraged with our ongoing progress in managing working capital and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. Total debt at September 30 remains unchanged at $500 million. The first $250 million credit facility matures in November this year and is accounted for in current liabilities. We have a new signed agreement extending this debt at 3.35% interest rate for another 5 years, and we'll reclassify the debt to long term upon funding in the fourth quarter. Second, $250 million in debt is due in November 2013. Total debt to total capitalization at September 30 were 14.7%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. While our several consecutive years of strong cash flow, we expect to generate strong cash flows for the full year and continue to estimate cash from operations of approximately $700 million for the year. At this level, free cash flow after deducting capital expenditures and dividends should be more than $300 million, which is in line with last year. We are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and remain committed to our ongoing priorities for the use of the cash. As noted before, these priorities are our first to dividend, which we paid every year since going public in 1948 and raised for 55 consecutive years. Our 2011 annual dividend of $1.80 per share represents a 10% increase from $1.64 in 2010 and represents a payout of approximately 60% of our 2010 earnings per share. Currently, the dividend is yielding approximately 3.3% and historically, had ranged from 3% to 4%. Additional priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Our investment and capital expenditures was $22.2 million for the third quarter, down from $31.0 million invested in the third quarter last year. For the 9 months, CapEx is up slightly to $63.9 million for 2011 compared to $59.0 million in 2010. We continue to expect our CapEx spending to be in a range of $100 million to $110 million for the full year with the vast majority of these investments weighted toward productivity and enhancement projects, primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization $21.5 million in the quarter and is $66.9 million for the 9 months, which is in line with the same periods in 2010. We expect D&A to hold relatively constant with last year at approximately $90 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. In the third quarter, our Electrical business completed the Cobra Wire & Cable acquisition on September 1 and our Industrial unit made a small acquisition in July. Combined with the Industrial's 2 acquisitions in the first quarter, annual revenues for the acquired companies add to approximately $125 million, and as Tom covered earlier, we also recently announced our investment in Exego, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter. So we continue to find opportunities to do acquisition and remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy. We're excited about the growth potential of a large investments such as Exego, but we will continue to primarily target those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $150 million range. In the third quarter of 2011, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 1.2 million shares of our company's stock on the company's share repurchase program. Year-to-date, we purchased approximately 2.4 million shares and have another 13.5 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program, as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. We're very pleased with our third quarter operating results and must thank all of our dedicated GPC associates for doing such a great job. We achieved our goals through their hard work, and we just can't say enough about their commitment to the success of Genuine Parts Company. As always, we also want to thank our customers and suppliers. We sincerely appreciate their continued support. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic in our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2011 and look forward to reporting continued progress in growing our sales and earnings and further improving our margins and working capital position. We remain committed to producing steady and consistent growth for the company, and we believe we have the right people and the right strategy to do this.  As always, we'll continue to support our growth plans with strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet further maximizing our return to shareholders. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that pretty much concludes our review of the third quarter and 9-month results. And with sales up 12% year-to-date and earnings per share up 21%, we think that our folks have done a good job, thus far in 2011.  Now as far as the outlook for the final quarter of the year, we continue to feel good about our overall prospects. The underlying fundamentals in the Automotive aftermarket remain generally favorable, and gasoline prices have moderated somewhat over the past few weeks. Industrial production, capacity utilization and the purchasing managers index are each at healthy levels, creating a favorable end market climate for our Industrial and Electrical, Electronic businesses. The outlier for us is the Office Product segment, where we anticipate continued sluggish demand across the industry for a while yet. So the external conditions remain favorable in 3 of our 4 business segments currently. However, at the same time, we are aware of the overall uncertainty in the outlook for the general economic climate and its potential impact on end market demand.  With all of that said, our fourth quarter expectations are for our Automotive operations to be up 7% to 9%, Industrial and Electrical to be up 10% to 12% each, Office Products to be up 2% to 4%. And this would combine for a 7% to 9% increase for GPC for the fourth quarter and will put us up 11% to 12% for the year. And with revenue increases in this range, we would expect earnings per share to be $3.51 to $3.55 for the full year, which is an increase from our prior guidance of $3.40 to $3.50, and it would put us up 17% to 18% for the year.  From our perspective, an 11% to 12% revenue increase this year on top of last year's 11% increase and an EPS increase of 17% to 18% this year following last year's 20% improvement would represent another good performance from the GPC team. And as said earlier, we're proud of the job that they're doing.  At this point, we'd like to try to answer any questions that you may have, and we'll turn the call back over to Brooke.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Tom, just a question that is sort of a more macro question. In all of your businesses, you guys are doing well and seen big increases. Sounds like you're pretty encouraged about the fourth quarter. Yet there's this constant fear among investors and obviously, in sort of the popular press and sort of everywhere you look these days, that there's another shoe about to drop. I mean, what gives you the comfort that you're going to see this strength in the fourth quarter? And do you believe that in your segments, you're really gaining market share? Because it seems like there's partially some outperformance that's going on here as well because of market share gains.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, John, we're very much aware of what's being reported in the media. We read the same periodicals and hear the same news reports, and certainly, the overall economy is not enjoying robust growth. At the same time, however, what we're experiencing in the marketplace is better than what the overall economic indicators would lead us to suspect. And in talking with our customer sets across all of the businesses, the anecdotal information that we get is that everybody's aware of potential slowdown, but for right now, they don't see it in the day-to-day activity. As far as market share, I'd say that our numbers would suggest that we're holding our own in a minimum and perhaps taking a little bit in some cases.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just a second question on the pricing environment. I mean, you indicated that there were some pockets of competitive pricing. I'm just curious in the 4 segments what you're seeing as far as pricing and if you're able to take prices, your input costs rise.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, if we look across each of the 4 businesses, price increases year-to-date in Office Products have been 1.6%, in Automotive 2.4%, in Industrial they're 3.3% and Electrical/Electronic, they're 4.8%. So we have seen some price increases, and we have been able to move them forward. You've heard us say before that we do have some contractual agreements with certain customers, primarily in the Industrial and Electrical/Electronic business. And in those cases, we have some pricing windows that we need to adhere to. So there may be a little bit of lag in the implementation of some price increases in certain cases. But by and large, we are able to move the prices through. The overall pricing environment across all 4 of the businesses remains as it has been. It's been pretty competitive, but I think our teams have done a very good job of adjusting and making whatever changes they need to make in order to enable us to continue to move ahead.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And Jerry, just on the financing, doing the $250 billion at 3, I think you said 3.35% for the next 5 years. I mean, is there a possibility that you would consider taking on some more debt here, just 14.7% debt to cap. Your stock looks inexpensive. I mean, would you consider sort of a potential slight levering up and recapitalization to maybe get more aggressive on share buybacks or potentially acquisitions?
Jerry W. Nix: John, I don't believe we would leverage the company to do a share repurchase program. We've been doing share repurchases since 1994, and if something dramatic were to happen in our stock to cause a major weakness, certainly that would be an option. But we would be willing to leverage the balance sheet up to make more acquisitions and support the company's growth that way. But I don't think you're going to see us leveraging the balance sheet to increase the share repurchase program.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly on Exego, I mean, you guys mentioned that might be a foray into growth overseas, particularly in Southeast Asia. Just curious if we need to wait for you to make the acquisition with the other 70% or as you're going through that earn out process, could you actually do that, execute on that growth before you own the remaining 70%?
Thomas Gallagher: The first priority, John, will be to work with the Exego folks in driving their growth, and frankly, we're already underway with that. And we like what we see in the very, very early days. So priority one will be further penetrating the current markets of Australia and New Zealand. Priority 2 would be to move potentially into some of the surrounding markets. And if, in fact, it made sense for the entity, for Exego to do that, then we would be very supportive of that. But I think first and foremost, we'll continue to follow the plan that's been laid out for driving the growth in their home markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Horvers with JPMorgan.
Mark A. Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Mark Becks on for Chris. Focusing on the Automotive side that remains strong, can you speak to some of the initiatives that you're implementing to drive market share? And also you mentioned the Retail business acceleration. Can you talk to what's driving that? And was the improvement steady throughout the quarter?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, on the overall Automotive performance, the main initiatives we would comment on are the same ones we mentioned in our prepared remarks and that would be our AutoCare and major account initiatives. These are our 2 primary programs on the commercial side of the business, and they continue to perform really well there. So we just continue to pay a lot of attention to those and do what we can to drive the performance in each of those. We would not want to get too specific in terms of the individual initiatives that we have there. But we are pleased with our results thus far. The retail side of it, it was improvement, but modest improvement. We were up 3/10 of 1% in Q2 and we were up 2% in Q3. So we wouldn't consider that a major comeback. We're pleased to see a bit of a turnaround, but we'd like to get a couple of more quarters under our belt with increased improvement on the retail side before we think that we've really made the turn there. We continue to see a lot of discipline on the part of the consumer in their spending patterns. And anything that's discretionary is being pushed off for the most part, and it's only the critical parts that are needed that we're really seeing reasonable growth with at this point.
Mark A. Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I know it's a little bit early, but just looking at the aftermarket for 2012, do you think the same dynamics that we're seeing now, such as industry sales exceeding kind of the historical growth rate of 2% to 4% and then also the commercial side of the business outpacing the retail, do you think those dynamics continue?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we think there's a good possibility that they will. That the number of vehicles is relatively constant, but the age of the vehicles continues to increase and even with miles driven being down modestly, the wear and tear on those older vehicles has an incremental impact on parts demand. So we do think that there is a possibility that we'll continue to see good demand in the market. And then as far as the DIFM versus the retail, again, our expectation would be that, that will continue to grow at a rate a bit in excess of the overall Retail business because of the complexity of vehicles and whatnot. So we continue to be optimistic about the aftermarket for the foreseeable future.
Mark A. Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just switching over to Industrial. Obviously, those end markets remain strong. If the ISM or capacity utilization, some of the metrics say you're looking at do slow, what kind of reasonable growth rates should we be thinking about for that business?
Thomas Gallagher: Depends upon how much they slow. If they slow modestly, I think that we can look for mid to high single-digit growth in that business. If we see dramatic drop off as we did in the fourth quarter of 2008 and on into the early part of 2009, then I think we're going to be battling hard to keep our head above water. But right now, both of those indices look favorable. They both improved as you probably know in the recent round of reports that came out. So if we see gradual moderation, we think we'll be able to show a pretty good growth. But if we see major deceleration, then we're going to be impacted like everybody else.
Mark A. Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then just one final question for me. Can you speak to really what's driving the EBIT margin improvement in Industrial? Did vendor allowances help out at all this quarter versus 3Q of last year? And then now just looking at the margin structure that side of the business, you're bouncing up against kind of your target of 8%, 8.5% EBIT margins. Is there maybe your thoughts on that number?
Jerry W. Nix: Mark, I'll take that. Yes, it did impact our business. We were up slightly in the rebates and allowances in the third quarter compared to third quarter last year. It had an impact in gross margin maybe 10 to 20 basis points, and some of that converged on down to the EBIT margin. As far as your question about us achieving our goal of 8% to 8.5%, you're right, we are getting closer to that goal but that doesn't mean we can't change the goal after we get there, we'll just raise it. And that's just the nature of the beast here, but we certainly want to make sure that we can achieve that 8% to 8.5% operating margin target that we set.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Patrick Palfrey - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Patrick Palfrey sitting in for Scott today. I guess last quarter, you had mentioned that in terms of within auto, commercial customers were starting to get the absolute needed repairs and foregoing as much as possible. As gas prices have started to come back from $4 in May, are you seeing that starting to change or is that still continuing?
Thomas Gallagher: No, I think that's continuing. I think what needs to be done is getting done, but not much more than that quite honestly. Average ticket prices at repair facilities are up over what they might have been historically, but the incidence of repair is flat to what it had been. And then there's the tendency to look for lower-priced product or just the repair work that has to be done at that moment.
Operator: Next question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: One question related to the gross margin side. You talked about some initiatives. You talked about gross margin next year possibly being up some. Is there any more clarity or color you can shed on some of the potential initiatives you may be putting in place that will help you offset some of the competitive pressures and some of the other things you talked about?
Thomas Gallagher: I don't think we can give you too much color on that, Tony. The initiatives are grouped into a couple of areas. You got the buy side, which we're working hard across all of the businesses, and then you got the sell side. And on the sell side, you've got price, and we've been working hard to elevate our level of pricing sophistication. And then you got sell side mix, which we are working on as well. So there are basically 3 levers that we're trying to pull simultaneously, and I think at this point, we've got a degree of confidence that our team is getting a bit of traction in those areas, and we feel that we should, in fact, stabilize as we get into the fourth quarter and then move a bit ahead as we go forward.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Do you think what you've just gone through in this cycle and what you're continuing to go through in terms of your growth here of late has certainly, I believe, outpaced sort of what our expectations would have been and certainly held up well. Do you think there's a widening of the gap between you and some of the smaller independents in the marketplace and sort of how you're viewed via your customers in general?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't have hard data to support what I'm about to say, but our feeling is that the larger companies perhaps are performing a bit better than some of the smaller companies. And we think that, that perhaps is going to continue as we work our way forward into 2012. And frankly, we think it's going to be kind of the environment we're going to be in for a period longer than that.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Is that a function of capital or balance sheet strength more than anything? Or is it just your ability to integrate your technology and sort of deliver a level of customer service that some of the smaller guys aren't able to do right now?
Thomas Gallagher: I think it's a combination of all of those things and more. I think it's just a confluence of things that are coming together currently, and our feeling is that if we'll just continue to do the things that we know are important to drive our business that we should be able to perform in line with the market and hopefully just a little bit better than what the market performance is.
Anthony F. Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And maybe one last question. When you talked about the SG&A that you've taken out, 12% or so in 2008, 2009, and when you added back about 3% of labor since 2010, if we assume that the overall economy grows at a modest pace in the next few years, are you at a level from an infrastructure standpoint that you would only have to add back minimal labor? And could you just remind me again where the majority of those labor cuts or 12% reduction took place via a segment breakdown?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't have it by segment breakdown, but it was pretty consistent across all of the businesses. Going back to your first point, we do think if we have modest growth, any incremental headcount addition will be less than the growth that we're experiencing. And we continue to invest, as Jerry mentioned earlier, we continue to invest in technological initiatives that we think enable us to do a better job without adding the incremental people that we might have had to in the past or they give us better information to manage the business. So they're the primary investments that we're making today quite honestly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Regarding the top line at Industrial, obviously, the trend has also been very strong. Last week, Fastidol [ph] also reported strong 3Q sales, but mentioned too, that they were starting to see more recently some anecdotal signs of slowing. And I know that you're encouraged by some of the macro indicators, but is there anything -- I'm curious, that you're seeing on the ground, which could suggest to you that the strong sales growth could start to slow perhaps near term?
Thomas Gallagher: Our expectation, Ryan, near term is that it should be more of the same. And we based that on what our operators are telling us, and they're getting it from what they're seeing in the customers' places of business. Additionally, we're just trying to talk with major customers and key suppliers to see what they're experiencing in the current environment. And at this point, we would just feel like it should continue at or about the pace we've seen in the most recent quarter. So there's nothing yet that says that there's a drop-off. That's not to say that it won't be there, but we don't see it as yet.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And I think this is a frequently asked question on your calls, but I'm always interested in your answer and how it changes over time. I know that dividend growth is the highest priority for capital allocation, but how are you thinking right now about the balance between acquisitions and share repurchases? And does the Exego acquisition have any impact on the amount of capital you might allocate to North American acquisitions going forward or is that somehow separate?
Jerry W. Nix: Ryan, this is Jerry. I'll take that. No -- I'll answer your last question first. It doesn't really have any impact on our position as far as going forward and continuing to make the acquisitions in the categories that we talked about earlier. And yes, there's always an ongoing discussion and a balancing act between the capital of allocated acquisitions and the capital allocated to share repurchases. Our feeling is that we can do both. Our feeling is that doing both is the best way to maximize the shareholder value, and I think that we'll be able to be in a position to do so. But there comes a time sometimes that the Genuine Parts Company is the best acquisition we can make. So that's when we're more aggressive in the share repurchase program. And there's other times that we feel that for longer-term growth, we're going to have to invest in acquisitions and get 1% to 2% top line growth out of those acquisitions. So that's the target for us. I think we can do both. Our plans and structure is to continue to do both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: So if I'm to understand this correctly, you're seeing average ticket price go up in auto, given the percentage of sales that's going to it and an older -- repairing an older vehicle, but number of or ticket count is relatively flat. If we're thinking about 2012 and let's say we get relatively flat gas prices and some sort of pure pickup in economic activity, what confidence is there that you continue to see an increase in trend on the average ticket, but you also have the boost from ticket count?
Thomas Gallagher: Brian, I'll take that. Just a point of clarification. That comment is specific to the repair side of the business, our customer base, and we don't know for sure. But what we feel will happen if there's a relatively tranquil market is that over time, people are going to have to get fixed some of the things that they haven't fixed here before. So we would hope and frankly, we would expect some increase in ticket count with no decrease in average value per ticket.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And that's a potential major positive as you're looking to 2012?
Thomas Gallagher: We hope it plays out that way.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: On the cash outside, $43 million into the pension this quarter. How much of that was due to change in discount rate 2010 to 2011 from last December? And potentially, what -- how should we think about this directionally looking into 2012?
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, we take into consideration all the assumptions that you have to in making a contribution to the pension plan. It is our plans and our intent to keep that pension plan 90% fully funded and meet all of those obligations. We'll just have to wait and see where the market goes and what the assumptions that the actuaries come in with, but our expectation now is that we will make another contribution in 2012, a similar size.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: And sort of -- if I'm thinking about the $43 million, that's what you're basically going to be putting in for the entire year or should we assume another contribution in the fourth quarter here?
Jerry W. Nix: No. At this point, there shouldn't be another contribution in the fourth quarter.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And if I may ask one more, you talked about the breadth of strength on the Industrial side. Any indication anecdotally that you won't necessarily see that 9 to 10 top industries performing at that same rate for the fourth quarter? Or should we just continue to see the same breadth across the industry?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I think we'll see strength across all of the businesses. And by the way, the one industry that was not up double digit was up just over 9%, and I think we'll see some similar consistency across the industries. I don't know how long we can generate 20%-plus increases across top industries, top customers, top product categories. But we don't have any indication right now of any slowdown in demand for our Industrial business. One of the things that we try to stay abreast of our project work that our customers are planning to do. We get 2 types of demands. We get immediate demand when a piece of equipment is down and it needs a component to get it back up, and then we also get some planned preventive maintenance. And on those, usually the customer will confer with us in advance to make sure we'll have the appropriate items that they're going to need for that maintenance. And in terms of that project work, we haven't seen any moderation in the backlog on those to this point, and that gives us a little confidence as well that our business should hold up comparatively well as we work our way over the next quarter or 2.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Ward with Ticonderoga.
Michael P. Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Just first off, I may have missed this, but did you give a breakdown on the performance on the Automotive side, the professional versus the cash?
Thomas Gallagher: If we look at the total commercial in our company store group, it was up 8%. AutoCare and major accounts combined for a little over 10% increase. Our fleet business was up 5%, and then if we look at our total commercial category, which would include fleet and include -- or if we take fleet out, I should say, it would include major account and AutoCare, as well as other accounts, they were up low double digit.
Michael P. Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Double digit, okay. And the -- I'm sorry, did you say Retails business?
Thomas Gallagher: Retail was up 2% after being up 3/10 of 1% in the second quarter.
Michael P. Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just a follow on the Exego transaction, I'm just curious at what drove the transaction? Is it the structure of the market or is it the growth in Asia? I mean, historically, this is kind of your first investment outside of North America, is that right?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, no. If we go back to the mid-70s, we actually made an investment in Europe, but this would be the only thing we've done outside of that since the mid-70s. We've known the people at Exego and its predecessor company for over 20 years. About 2.5 years ago, the CEO of that company was going to be in the U.S. visiting with automotive companies, and they asked if he could come by and visit with Genuine Parts Company. We said certainly. And we had a chance to kind of reconnect with the company. We, even though we've known them for over 20 years, we've not had much contact prior to about 2.5 years ago, for maybe the 3 or 4 years prior. Since that initial visit, we've had several additional visits with the CEO. And then as things really started to look like there might be something that could be good for their shareholders and our shareholders, we've had teams of people meeting here and there, looking at opportunities and looking at what it could mean. So we see a lot of commonality in the 2 businesses. We see some growth opportunities in our home markets, and the projected growth rates for Australia and New Zealand are a bit stronger than the projected growth rates for North America. And then we also see the larger growth rates potentially in some of the Southeast Asian markets that Exego probably would be the right platform to use for expansion into those markets. This does not at all signal any less confidence than what we've had in our North American business, and we'll continue to, I think, do the kind of job that we have been doing. In fact, it's a vote of confidence for our Automotive management team that we feel that we can make this move and at the same time, count on our North American team to continue to do the good job they've been doing.
Michael P. Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: [indiscernible]
Thomas Gallagher: Does that explain it, Mike?
Michael P. Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Yes, it does. I really appreciate that.
Operator: We have time for one last question. Your next question comes from Michael Montani with ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was going to ask about, obviously, the business is operating now with a lot of momentum. And just hoping that you could share some insight, Tom, when you go back to Q3 and Q4 of '08, it seems like a challenge where at that time in Q3, Industrial is running up 7 but then went flat in the fourth quarter and there's obviously some unique things that happened then. But if you think now about what you're hearing, maybe specifically be it from volumes or from order backlog standpoint, can you just provide sort of an update on how this is different?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't see -- in the marketplace, we don't see any indication yet of any material slowdown. We don't see it in the data, and we don't see it in the marketplace. We started to see it in the data in the fourth quarter of '08, and we certainly were experiencing it in the marketplace. And it was, as I recall, the second week on October of 2008 that we saw a dramatic drop off in demand in the Industrial side. We don't see anything that would indicate that, that type of drop off is out there. And in fact, we don't see a drop-off at this point. So our sense is that we should be performing at reasonable levels at least through the end of this year and on into the early part of next year, and then we'll just have to moderate what's going on and see how we react to whatever may happen, but there's no indication of a slowdown at this point.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then as it relates to municipalities and state budgets, we have had some concerns, more macro related to those areas. Can you speak at all to the trends you're seeing from those customer segments? And is there any color you can provide in terms of how significant they are? Obviously, in areas like office or fleet and auto, I would think there's some exposure there.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, if we look at what those customer sets are going through, obviously, they're under a lot of pressure. So they're going to be looking for the lowest viable cost for any of the product that they might buy from our Automotive business for sure, the heavy duty side of it as well with some of the fleets that they run. So we can see some downward pressure there. At the same time, there's some significant reductions in headcount that are being forced upon those customer sets, some of which may come in areas that we deal with, that might, in fact, moderate some of the downward pressure and maybe we can provide more service or better value for them rather than them doing it themselves. The offset is that they're reducing headcount across their offices as well, and that has an impact on our customer base. We don't sell to any of these people directly, but our customer set does, and demands for them would be off some. So I think it will be perhaps neutral for us on the Automotive side, but somewhat negative on the Office Products side.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And the last question that I had was just as it relates to price. With the guidance of sales as sort of 7% to 9% top line, is it fair to think of that as perhaps 2% to 3% of price and then volume 5% to 6% just given what we saw in this quarter or how would you frame that?
Thomas Gallagher: I think that's a fair assumption.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So perhaps we might have seen sort of a peak of inflationary cost into you at this point, or is that...
Thomas Gallagher: We don't see much happening in the fourth quarter, but we do know that in the first quarter of next year, we will see some more price increases across some of the businesses. But we don't think they're going to be extraordinarily high at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Hilgert with Morningstar.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On the Industrial segment, are there any particular competitors that you're finding that you're displacing in any particular segments of that group?
Thomas Gallagher: No, those things ebb and flow. We win some, we lose some and sometimes we win from one and sometimes we lose to one. So I think it's fairly constant and fairly normal to what we've experienced in the past.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Are there any particular subsectors in Industrial that stand out in your mind as being stronger than others at this point?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, for sure, as we said, 9 of our top 10 industry categories are running up double digit. The one that's not double digit is up 9%, but we've got some really strong things happening in some of the energy-related businesses, some of the infrastructure-type businesses that we're seeing a little bit of positive right now. Anything related to housing is not very strong for us, but the remaining businesses, overall, are performing at a pretty high level historically.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So mostly energy and infrastructure comes to mind?
Thomas Gallagher: Some of it.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right...
Thomas Gallagher: Anything -- I might mention anything, some of the original equipment manufacturers are doing quite well, and we're benefiting and enjoying some of that success as well. Automotive is good right now because it's coming back off of lower levels from prior years. So it's pretty much across the categories with the exception of housing.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Got it. On the acquisition of or future acquisition of Exego, the 3 players down there, Autobarn, Repco., which is owned by Exego and Supercheap. Repco has come from behind a little bit in terms of its customer satisfaction down there. Autobarn has consistently led the group. In the metrics that you're assuming or that are part of the deal for the rest of the acquisition of that group, is part of that based on CSI improvement? And if so, how do you think that they could go about gaining a little bit better on customer satisfaction?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, it's our future acquisition of the 70% will be indirectly tied to CSI improvement, because it's based on earnings. And earnings are going to be driven by improved revenue growth, and that's going to happen because of improved customer satisfaction, perhaps. I'd rather not get into the specifics as to what some of the initiatives are. But I would say to you that some of the things that collectively we and the Exego/Repco management team have talked about as areas of opportunity are being implemented now. And the early results would indicate that we're probably on the right path with some of the things that we're doing.
Richard J. Hilgert - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Is the way that the market works down there, is it similar to what you do up here in North America in terms of you have a delivery vehicle that goes out makes a milk run to various parts or garages, does that kind of delivery go on also in Australia? Does that kind of service level exist?
Thomas Gallagher: Yes. It's not a milk run though, it's hot shot delivery. We, here and there, you've got to able to get a part to your customer within 20 to 30 minutes or there are other options for them. So our emphasis is on making sure that we give that kind of delivery service consistently, day in and day out, week-after-week both here and there.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Brooke. We thank each of you for joining us today. We appreciate that, and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Carol Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc. Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is David, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Carol Yancey. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts' second quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for 2011. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in our company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I will split the duties on this call. And once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have.  Earlier this morning, we released our second quarter 2010 results, and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $3,185,000,000, which was up 12%. Net income was $151.8 million, and this was up 22%. And earnings per share were $0.96 this year, compared to $0.78 in the second quarter of 2010 and EPS increase was 23%. These are all record results for us, so we feel that we had another good quarter with solid contributions from all 4 of our business segments, and we're proud of the job that is being done by the GPC team. Through their continued efforts, we feel that we're positioned to have another good year in 2011.  A review of the second quarter results by business segment shows that our Industrial and Electrical operations continue to produce the largest sales increases. Motion Industries, our Industrial distribution business, was up 19% in the quarter, and they went over $1 billion in quarterly sales for the first time. Acquisitions added about 3% to the Industrial increase in the quarter, but importantly, the ongoing operations generated a very healthy 16% increase, so the underlying Industrial business continues to perform well.  And as we look a bit more closely at the detail of the results, we continue to be encouraged by the strong performance that we see across the broad base of the Industrial business, as evidenced by the fact that 11 of the top 12 product categories were up double-digits in the quarter, and as a group, they were up 19%. And then each of the top 10 industry segments had double-digit increases in the second quarter, and as a group, they were up 26%.  A review of the top 20 customers shows a combined 25% increase for this group. And one final point is that every geographic region was up double-digits in the quarter. So as you can see, the Industrial business remains quite strong and healthy, and they end the first half up 22%. And with the Industrial production and capacity utilization indices each continuing to look favorable, we remain optimistic about the prospects for our Industrial business over the remainder of the year.  Moving on to the Electrical segment. EIS had another strong performance with sales being up 28%. Acquisition revenue added 10% to the quarterly increase. Copper pricing had a positive impact of 4%, which means that the ongoing operations were up 14% in the quarter, which we feel is a solid performance. As with our Industrial business, the increases across the EIS product categories and customer segments are broad-based and consistent, which is indicative of a healthy end market, as well as a good job being done by the EIS team. They closed out the first half up 34%, and with Institute for the Supply Management Purchasing Managers Index remaining above 50 through June, we're encouraged about EIS's prospects over the second half of the year.  Office Products was up 4% in the quarter. This follows a 5% increase in the first quarter, so a fairly consistent sales pattern through the first half of the year, despite the continued moderation and demand in the Office Products industry. As has been the case for a number of quarters now, our sales to the independent Office Products channel have outpaced our sales to the Mega Channel. The independent business was up 7% in the quarter, and this follows an 8% increase in Q1, so a steady progress is being made with this customer segment. But then, this is being offset by continued decreases with the Mega Channel, which was down 10% in the quarter.  On the products side, we had growth in all 4 of the categories: technology, office supplies, furniture and cleaning & breakroom, which we are pleased to see. This is the third consecutive quarter of positive growth across all 4 product groups simultaneously, which is encouraging, and we feel it's an indication that our Office Products business is on a very slow but gradually improving trend. And finally, a few comments about Automotive. We're pleased to report another 9% increase for this segment. This follows 9% increases in the fourth quarter 2010 and the first quarter of this year, so a very steady picture here. And we feel it's an indicative of the good job that is being done by our Automotive team.  And looking a bit more closely at the sales results within our company-owned store group, we did see additional softening in our retail sales in the quarter. After ending 2010 with a 5% increase in retail, we were up 4% in the first quarter and then up just slightly in the second quarter, so we have seen some weakening in our retail business. And the biggest impact has been felt in the discretionary categories, which we attribute largely to the higher gasoline prices and cautious consumer sentiment. The nondiscretionary categories continue to perform reasonably well in the quarter.  On the wholesale side, our fleet business was up 5% in the quarter, similar to our first quarter results, and our commercial and installer business was up low double-digit was again. And this is largely attributable to the continued good progress being made in our 2 primary installer initiatives, NAPA AutoCare and major accounts. You may recall that these 2 programs combined represented about $2 billion in sales for us in 2010, which was up low double-digits over 2009, and they're up low double-digits through June of this year as well. So we continue to experience good growth in these 2 important commercial programs.  When we put it all together, we're pleased to be able to report another 9% increase for Automotive operations, and we feel good about their prospects over the remainder of the year. So that's a quick overview of the second quarter sales results. And Jerry will now take a few minutes to comment on the income statement and balance sheet. Jerry?
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the second quarter and 6-month income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up and then we'll open the call up to your questions.  A review of the income statement shows the following. Total sales reached another record high $3.2 billion for the second quarter, up 12% from last year and our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth. For the 6 months, total sales of $6.2 billion, up 13% from 2010, and as we head into the half, last half of the year, we remain optimistic about the continued positive sales momentum in all 4 of our business units.  Gross profit for the second quarter was 28.76%, up 22 basis points from our margin in the first quarter this year while down only 12 basis points from 28.88% in the second quarter last year. For the 6 months, gross margin is now at 28.65%, which is down 40 basis points from 29.05% for the same period last year.  This area has been a challenge for us for several periods now, so we're pleased to see the sequential improvement to the overall gross margin and to also narrow the gap in the year-over-year comparison. We had told you last quarter, we're working hard to stabilize our gross margin by the end of 2011 and expect it to be operating on a relatively even run rate with the prior year, so it's good to see us move in that direction this quarter.  As that said, we have more work ahead of us, so we continue to address ongoing competitive pricing pressures, changes in product mix and a growing mix of sales to national accounts in most of our businesses, which generally come with lower margin but higher sales volumes. As discussed last quarter, we had both buy and sell side initiatives to reduce supply chain costs, increase distribution efficiencies and maximize pricing potential to help us offset these factors and further stabilize gross margins in the coming quarters. Now in the meantime, we will continue to offset any decreases in gross margin line with cost savings in our overall improvement in operating expenses. For the year, our cumulative pricing, which represents the prior increases to us, was plus 1.4% in Automotive, plus 2.6% in Industrial, plus 1.5% in Office Products and plus 3.6% in Electrical.  Now turning to SG&A. Expenses of $675 million were up 8.5% from $622 million for the same period in 2010, and as a percent to sales, improved by 65 basis points to 21.18% versus 21.83% last year.  For the 6 months in 2011, SG&A stands at $1.3 billion, a 9% increase from the same period in 2010 and at 21.62% of sales, which is a 77 basis point improvement from last year. We're encouraged that our expenses continue to improve as a percentage of sales, and we attribute this progress to the combined benefits of greater leverage associated with our sales growth and ongoing measures to control costs.  As a reminder, we carried over approximately $55 million in permanent cost savings from initiatives in '08 and '09 to significantly reduce employee headcount, consolidate facilities and more effectively manage freight and transportation costs. In addition, since our 12% headcount reduction in '08 and '09, we added back 1% in 2010, including acquisitions, and have only added another 2% with acquisitions thus far in 2011. Furthermore, our ongoing cost initiative reduced further savings of approximately $20 million through the second quarter of this year. These initiatives continue to help us address costs in areas such as freight, utility and warehouse management. We expect to see additional savings from these initiatives over the balance of the year. Our cost savings continue to positively impact our overall results, and our management team understands we must remain focused in this area. Tightly managing our expenses remain the top priority, and we'll continue to assess the proper cost structure of our businesses as revenue growth continues.  Now let's discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter, $1,585.1 million, up 9%, and that represents 50% of the total. They had operating profit of $138.8 million, up 10%, so nice margin expansion from 8.6% to 8.8%. The Industrial Group had revenue in the quarter, $1,051.3 million, that's up 19%, representing 33% of the total. They had operating profit of $85.3 million, up 42%, so very strong margin improvement from 6.8% to 8.1%. Office Products had revenue in the quarter of $418.0 million, that's up 4%. That represents 13% of the total operating profit, $31.4 million, up 3%, with margins at 7.5% compared to 7.6% the prior year. Electrical had revenue in the quarter of $136.8 million, up 28%, representing 4% of the total operating profit of $9.2 million, up 32%, with margins at 6.7% compared to 6.5% for the second quarter of 2010.  Now putting it all together, total operating profit margin for the second quarter improved 40 basis points to 8.3% from 7.9% in the second quarter of 2010. For the 6 months, total operating margin of 7.7% is up 30 basis points from last year. The improved expense leverage associated with our sales growth and our cost management efforts noted earlier have driven the increase in operating margin for both the quarter and the year. We had net interest expense of $6.2 million and $12.7 million for the second quarter and 6 months, respectively, which is down slightly from 2010. We continue to expect our net interest for the full year to be approximately $25 million to $26 million.  Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and noncontrolling interests, was a $16.8 million expense in the quarter and is $29.7 million for the 6 months through June. Slight increase on this line for the quarter and the year reflects higher expenses for incentive-based compensation, such as bonuses and stock options. We continue to project the other category to be in the $45 million to $55 million range for the full year, and that assumes steady levels of incentive-based comp over second half of the year, which we would expect to incur with normalized levels of growth.  Tax rate for the quarter was approximately 37.2% compared to 38.0% for the second quarter in 2010. For the 6 months, our 35.8% effective rate compares to 38.0% for the same period last year, with the decrease in rate due to favorable adjustment in the first quarter associated with the expiration of the statute of limitation-related international taxes. Currently, we expect the tax rate for 2011 to be about 36.5%. Net income for the quarter, $151.8 million, is up 22%. EPS of $0.96 compared to $0.78 last year, up 23%. For the year, net income, $278.3 million, up 24%. EPS, $1.76 compared to $1.42 last year, is also up 24%.  Now let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at June 30 of $517 million is up $105 million from $412 million at June 30 last year. We've built our cash position from increased earnings, effective asset management and cost reductions, and we continue to use our cash to fund several ongoing priorities such as increasing the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases, which we will discuss in more detail later. We expect to continue to generate consistently strong cash flows through the balance of the year.  Accounts receivable, $1.6 billion, increased 16% from June 30, 2010, on a 12% increase in sales for the second quarter. This is a higher growth rate than we'd like to see, as our goal at GPC is to grow receivables at rate less than revenue growth. Fortunately, we remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables, but we have work to do in this area to get our trade receivables more in line with sales. Inventory at 6/30 was $2.25 billion. That's up approximately 4% from June of last year. In consideration of our sales growth, we believe that our management team continues to manage this key investment very well, and we remain focused on further improving our inventory levels over the balance of 2011.  We improved our accounts payable position again this quarter, with trade payables increasing to $1.49 billion, up 16% from June 30 in the prior year. Our progress in trade payables primarily reflects the impact of increased inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volumes, as well as extended payment terms and other payable initiatives with our vendors. With the improvement in our accounts payable, our days payable continue to improve as well, and we remain pleased with the positive direction of this working capital account.  Working capital of $2.5 billion at June 30 is down 4% from last year. And for comparison purposes, when we add back the $250 million current portion of the debt at June 30, 2011, working capital is up approximately 5% from June 30 last year. We're encouraged with our ongoing progress in managing working capital and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition.  Total debt at June 30, 2011, remains unchanged at $500 million. The first $200 million -- $250 million credit facility matures in November of this year and is accounted for in current liabilities. We have a new signed agreement extending this debt at a 3.35% interest rate for another 5 years and we'll reclassify the debt to long-term upon the funding in the fourth quarter. The second $250 million in debt is due in November of 2013. Total debt -- total capitalization at June 30, 14.6%, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time.  Following several consecutive years of strong cash flows, we expect to generate a strong cash flow again in 2011 and currently estimate cash from operations of approximately $700 million for the year. At this level, free cash flow, after deducting capital expenditures and dividends, should exceed $300 million, which is in line with last year. We are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and remain committed to our ongoing priorities for the use of the cash.  These priorities are, first, the dividend, which we've paid every year since going public in 1948 and have increased for 55 consecutive years. Our 2011 annual dividend of $1.80 per share represents a 10% decrease from $1.64 in 2010 and represents a payout ratio of 60% of our 2010 earnings. Currently, the dividend is yielding approximately 3.2% and historically yields 3% to 4%. Additional priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the 4 businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases.  Capital expenditures, $27.2 million for the second quarter, up from $18.1 million invested in the second quarter last year. For the 6 months, capital spending totaled $41.7 million for 2011 compared to $27.9 million in 2010. We expect our CapEx spend to be in the range of $100 million to $110 million for the full year, with the vast majority of these investments weighted towards productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization, $22.9 million in the quarter, $45.5 million for the 6 months, which is in line with the same periods in 2010. We expect D&A to hold relatively constant with last year at approximately $90 million for the full year.  Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. Our Industrial business completed 2 acquisitions in the first quarter, with combined annual revenues of approximately $60 million. We continue to anticipate additional opportunities for acquisitions over the balance of the year and remain disciplined in our approach to this settlement of our growth strategy, generally targeting those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $150 million range, although there are certainly exceptions to this rule.  In the second quarter of 2011, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 900,000 shares of our company stock under the company's share repurchase program. Year-to-date, we purchased approximately 1.1 million shares and have another 14.9 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the programs as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment, and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders.  We remain optimistic in our outlook for the second half of 2011 and look forward to reporting continued progress in growing our sales and earnings. We're committed to producing steady and consistent growth for the company, and we believe we have the right people and the right strategy to do so. As always, we'll continue to support our growth plans with strong cash flows, healthy balance sheet, further maximizing our return to shareholders.  This concludes our financial review, and I'll conclude my comments by expressing our sincere appreciation to all of our dedicated GPC associates. We're extremely proud of this group and can't say it enough. We also want to thank our customers and suppliers. We appreciate their continued support as well. Tom, I'll turn it back to you.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that concludes our review of the second quarter and first half results. And as mentioned earlier, we're proud of the job that has been done by the GPC team thus far in 2011.  Now as far as the rest of the year is concerned, we continue to be optimistic about our prospects in each of our 4 businesses over the remainder of the year. End market conditions are generally favorable in each case, and the growth initiatives for each of the businesses are well-defined. Our current expectations are for the full year revenue growth of 9% to 11%, which is in line with our prior guidance, and this implies revenue growth of 6% to 9% over the remainder of the year, with Automotive being up 6% to 8% over the remainder of the year, Industrial, 8% to 10%; Office Products, 3% to 5%; and Electrical/Electronic, up 10% to 12%. And we recognize that our second half growth expectations are tempered down from where we are through June, but some uncertainties remain which are beyond our control, including the ongoing impact of the higher gasoline prices on miles driven and consumer spending, the high level of unemployment and suboptimal job creation and the general fragility yet of the economic recovery. Additionally, our comparisons get even more challenging in the second half of the year, with last year's revenues being up 13.5% over the final 6 months and earnings per share up 22%.  On the earnings side, we feel that a range of $3.40 to $3.50 is appropriate at this time. And this is up from our prior guidance of $3.32 to $3.42. At the $3.40 to $3.50 range, this would represent an EPS increase of 13% to 17% for the full year. And with revenues up 9% to 11% for the year and EPS up 13% to 17% following the 11% revenue and 20% EPS increases in 2010, we would consider that a solid performance by the Genuine Parts team. At this time, we'd now like to try to address your questions, and we'll turn the call back over to David. David?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers of JPMorgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So a couple of questions. First, just from a top line perspective. Clearly, there are reasons to be cautious given the environment and the compares. But I guess, Thomas, is it fair to say that you're not necessarily seeing anything right now that would cause that concern?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, that's fair and true. The first half of July, things look about like they did through the second quarter.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then as you think about the retail slowdown to up slightly in the auto business, how much of that is just kind of April's weather? And I guess, the other way to ask that is, did you see a -- did retail rebound later in the quarter, if you have that information available?
Thomas Gallagher: No. Our results actually were fairly consistent through the quarter. We did not see any spikes or any big peaks or valleys. We just think, in looking at the outbound sales flow, that it is more tied to consumer spending and to discretionary items.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And on the commercial side, it looks like again you'll post, I guess, industry-leading sales growth on the commercial side of the business. So I mean, is it simply your initiatives are -- you lagged in '09, you had a good '10 on the commercial side. Is '11 you recapturing that market share that you temporarily gave away in 2009? Is that how we should think about it?
Thomas Gallagher: I think to a degree, yes. We actually feel that we started to recapture some of the market share in 2010. And I just think our people have done a really good job in executing the strategies that they have to continue to have a strong presence on the commercial side of the business. I think our execution is quite good right now.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Is there any competitive set that you would say that one more that you're being more successful taking share from one competitor versus the other?
Thomas Gallagher: No, I wouldn't say that.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, I just tried. And then really the biggest question on the margin side is the Industrial margins. And from a modeling perspective, that was a substantial surprise. So I was just curious as how sustainable is that? And then underneath that, was there anything with vendor allowance dollars in this quarter or LIFO that would make that expansion more one-time in nature to this quarter?
Jerry Nix: Chris, this is Jerry. No, the latter part of that question, no LIFO in that second quarter number. There certainly is some impact on the vendor rebates. We expect, and just because revenue is better, that we'll have a better year overall in rebates and so -- or up slightly in rebates in the second half. How sustainable is that? Longer-term, we've stated that our goal is to get the operating margins for the Industrial back to the 8%, 8.5% range. And with the sales strength that they've had in the last 18 months, we think we can achieve that this year, unless something falls off dramatically here in the second half. But we feel good about what we're seeing in the Industrial side at this point.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So is that -- I guess, as you look at kind of the trend in the Industrial margins back out to the year, you had about an 8%. The second quarter, you did an 8.1% here. So was 1Q the anomaly? Is there some seasonality that we should think about that just...
Jerry Nix: No, a combination of both. There are some seasonality, but one the first quarter was a phenomenal -- phenomena, as you call it. And I think we're going to be in the 8% to 8.5% range. But as things continue to improve in the Industrial side, we won't tell them to stop at 8.5%. If we continue to show strong revenue and get the rebate levels back to where they were, then we can sustain that so.
Thomas Gallagher: Chris, one additional comment. The first quarter in the Industrial business is generally a lower operating margin quarter. Last year in the first quarter, we were at 6.1%, this year, 6.6% and then sequentially, the quarters get a little bit stronger as the year progresses. So the main thing for us and the focus of the management team is to keep the revenue line strong and continue to show quarter-over-quarter operating margin improvement.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Murphy of Bank of America.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is Elizabeth Lane on for John. I just had a couple of questions. You mentioned that the Automotive segment was fairly consistent throughout the quarter. Was that the case for the other segments as well? Or were there particular months that stood out?
Thomas Gallagher: No. In fact, we had a lot of consistency in all 4 of the businesses through the quarter. And in fact, the overall company, on a per day basis, we were up 12% in April, we were up 11% in May and we're up 12% in June, so quite stable.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And second, miles driven started to decline in the spring, which is generally a negative indicator for demand for replacement parts and tires. But the last data point that the FHWA has is April. Do you have any sense of what travel trends have been like so far in the summer? And does it still look like that could be a little weak?
Thomas Gallagher: No, we're still operating off of the same data point that you are, so we don't have anything more current than that. And the only thing we can look at, at this point is, like on the retail side, we can see the slowdown in the discretionary items. And we know anecdotally in talking to our commercial customers that the consumer is getting the absolute needed repairs. But they're trying to defer as much as they can at the time or currently. But that's about as much as we know at this moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Tom, one of the questions I want to discuss is sort of the acquisition environment. And if the environment remains steady in the Industrial side and you continue to see progress results, can you talk about what that implies for your ability to continue to get acquisitions done? Are the acquisitions opportunities still there? Are they getting better? Are they getting worse? And how should we think about it on a go forward basis?
Thomas Gallagher: I'd say that for the past 6 to 9 months, the opportunities, I think, have been relatively constant. We have discussions going on. We've been able to do 2, get 2 completed thus far this year. We may or may not be able to get any more completed, but there are discussions that are going on. And we think the environment is going to remain about where it is or perhaps it might get a little bit better.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: When you then look at sort of the overall operating environment, you've posted very consistent results. Do you still look at the data in the Industrial production and those type of numbers that sort of your gauge for how you are predicting your guidance for the balance of the year and what things will look like? Because, I mean, obviously going back to when we were hitting the financial crisis and the recession, things seem to drop off quite materially. And I'm just wondering, has your visibility changed or the way you go about providing guidance any different than it was a few years ago?
Thomas Gallagher: No, not materially. We look at the same data points that we've looked at historically. We do try to stay in close communication with our customer base on a plant-by-plant basis to find out what their order backlogs look like and what their expectations are. The combination of those 2 would suggest to us right now that our business, the end market will remain quite healthy as we go through the remainder of this year. The government came out just this morning with the June industrial production and capacity utilization numbers, and they were very good and very steady. So we feel good about the second half of the year in the Industrial business.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And the Office Products side, sort of a tale of 2 cities there. I mean, your independents are doing quite well. Do you think that, that is sustainable as long as nothing else changes from an economic perspective? Is there something that you've done that your peers haven't, to sort of capitalize on that piece of business?
Thomas Gallagher: No. I think the first part of the question: Is it is sustainable? We feel yes. We feel that the independent operators are cautiously optimistic about the outlook over the next couple of quarters. The main concern is job creation in the Office Products business, and we have seen some thus far this year, and that follows a pattern that we saw develop in 2010. And as long as that continues, I think that part of the business should remain in line with where it is currently.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, and one question on Automotive. You discussed sort of the sequential flattening, going from plus 4% in the first quarter. Are you doing anything different? I know over the past quarters, you discussed the interest in wanting to increase your exposure, increase your mix to the retail side in some emphasis there. Has there been anything from either an advertising standpoint or anything you've done differently that you would say has helped, even though it's flattening out, that you've seen your business improve, I mean, from a mix standpoint? Maybe I need to ask the question a different way, but do you kind of understand where I'm going with that question.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I think our advertising over the past several quarters has been sharper and more effective than prior to that, so I give our team their high marks. I think our e-commerce initiatives, which we don't talk about too much, but I think that they've done quite good over the past couple of quarters. And our teams are working on story sets and new planograms and the things that we normally do on an ongoing basis. And I think we're pleased with what's been done. We don't think they're reflective -- we don't think our results are reflective of the good work that's been done in these areas. And hopefully, as things stabilize somewhat and we get a little bit more discretionary spending, then we'll see the results reflected in our retail business.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Scot Ciccarelli. I guess, my question is the Industrial's been very strong for a while. And in fact, it seems to be coming from various geographies and end markets are very broad-based. When you see -- historically, if you'd seen that kind of really broad-based strength, how quickly can that really change on you? In other words, does it start to kind of creep up on you? Or is there something that, on a dime, multiple businesses and end markets can really change?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, prior to the second week of October in 2009, we would've said it would be a very gradual -- or 2008, I should say, would be a very gradual change. But we saw in the fourth quarter of 2008, we saw a very quick drop-off, but that was during the financial crisis, as you’ll recall. Right now, we would think and expect that it will be more gradual and we'll have several points of indication as we go into a slower period. And we don't see any evidence of that right now.
Jerry Nix: Scot, historically, we have tracked the Industrial production and manufacturing capacity utilization numbers with a 6- to 9-month time lag. And that's been over numerous cycles into and out of slowdowns. So you do normally have -- with that one exception Tom mentioned, you do have some indication and some time that you can adjust.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And I guess, I'm just curious on -- I'm asking in for an opinion here. I mean, it sounds like there's a disconnect between what you're seeing at the end markets, and obviously, June was a little bit better but some of the more broader macro data out there. What would you guys attribute that to?
Thomas Gallagher: We don't really know. We get asked this question a lot quite honestly, and we read and hear the same media reports that you do. There does seem to be a disconnect between what we read and hear and what we're experiencing in the marketplace. And we try to just keep our teams focused on the opportunities that we have in the marketplace and filter out some of the negative things that we continue to read and hear about. We don't want to be immune to them, but at the same time, there are plenty of opportunities yet before us in each of our 4 businesses. And for us, the key is just to continue to execute as well as we have been.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: The sequential gross margin progress, if we look at that by segment, was there any one segment that stood out as you moved from first to second?
Jerry Nix: Keith, I'll take that. No, there's not. And all of our business units have been under gross margin pressure, and they all need to improve and they all have individual and specific plans to improve. But no, you can't look at any one segment and say the improvement overall came from that segment.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Is this progress is going to be hampered, given the lower sales view you have for the second half of the year versus what we saw in the first half?
Jerry Nix: I don't think so. The initiative is the same regardless of the volume. And we would not expect to see it hampered. If it is, we'd be disappointed.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So this is more internal stuff, this...
Jerry Nix: That's correct.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just wanted to engage you a bit on the pricing environment in the Automotive business, both what you're seeing broadly and some follow-up on the steps you're taking. You had done some work over the past number of years to increase your competitiveness there. Just interesting in how that's -- interested, that is, in how that's playing out in the current environment.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, the competitive environment is about as it has been, and it's probably the way it's going to be, and that it is it's a competitive industry and we just have to learn how to operate effectively in that environment. As far as our price positioning, I think that our price positioning is better than what it was back in 2009 and the early part of 2010. Our teams are very, very focused on watching what's happening in the marketplace and reacting on an ongoing basis to what's happening in the marketplace. But we don't see any material changes on the horizon, up or down. Our expectation is that it will continue to be as competitive as it has been.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And then as we think about the potential for operating leverage in that business, your results overall are quite good. The operating margins are up some. The incremental flow-through, I guess, on the incremental revenue isn't that far above the base operating margins. So as we think about the profit composition of the incremental sales, does that reflect the pricing posture? Or is there a mix factor that contributes to that? Just to make sure we understand that.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, there is a mix factor in there. There are certain product categories that have different gross profit contribution, and as we get more revenue growth from some of those categories, that has an impact on the overall gross profit. There are also customer categories that have different gross profit contribution. I think Jerry made a comment in his remarks that we're doing very good business with major accounts throughout all of our businesses. And generally speaking, the gross margins are a little lower on those, but the dollar volumes are significantly higher. So it's a combination of product category and customer category shifting.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gregory Melich of ISI. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Ward of Ticonderoga.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: A couple of things. On the Automotive, the cash business is still roughly 25% to 30% of the total?
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, sir, that's right.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: So that's suggesting professional mechanic is up somewhere around 12% or 13% again?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I don't know. I just said low double-digit. We'll let you do the calculating.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Okay. No, for the professional markets, so in the major account is one of the big areas, I assume new car is still kind of low single-digits.
Thomas Gallagher: When you say new car, I'm not following you.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: The new car dealers, I'm sorry.
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, that's not a -- that's a big business in total, but it's not a high percentage of our total volume.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Where are you seeing some of the strength? Is it any lines in particular or regions in particular? Are you selling more to older vehicles? Is the -- your content and the average age of the vehicle, has it gone up with this aging fleet? It seems like you're outpacing the industry. And so I'm just curious where the strength is coming from.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I mentioned in my comments more broadly speaking that NAPA AutoCare and major accounts are both growing in low double-digits, and we're getting nice growth in those 2 important parts of our commercial business. And then as far as we are selling, it's more car parts, it's more critical components. As these vehicles continue to age, they're experiencing higher frequency and also a greater demand for repair parts, and I think we're benefiting some from that.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: So are you getting the second and third generation on some of these components?
Thomas Gallagher: In some cases, yes, we would. In some cases.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Jerry, you mentioned on the cost side, I thought you said you were able to hold on to $55 million of the cost cuts that you made in '09 -- '08 and '09, and then you've added an additional $20 million in costs. Is that correct?
Jerry Nix: Yes, the $20 million is from the current year. And every year, we go in with some cost-saving initiatives, and that's what we've accomplished thus far. And the $55 million, you're right, is from the '08, '09 time period.
Michael Ward - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Okay. And then lastly, do you have a share count for the end of the quarter?
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, we do, hold on a minute, Mike. We're right at 152 million.
Jerry Nix: Yes, we've got 151,812,000.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Gregory Melich of ISI.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc.: This is Mike Montani on for Greg. I just had a question for you on, I guess, the inflation that you're seeing right now. Saw, it looks like mixing it out across the divisions about 2% increase this quarter from vendors and to you all. When you look at the 6% to 9% sort of back half top line guidance, can you just help us understand, number one, how much of that might be inflation versus volume, and then what you're hearing from the vendors?
Thomas Gallagher: We would expect price increases to be a bit above where we are by the end of the year, a bit above the second quarter numbers by year end. As far as what we're hearing from vendors, we have a lot of discussions with the vendors, and they continue to think that they need some price increases. Our posture on that is we're fine with that, provided that we don't lose competitive positioning and provided also that they're applied simultaneously across all of their customer segments. So we may see -- we will see those numbers go up a bit, but I don't know that they would double between now and year end.
Jerry Nix: Mike, let me just point out, there's a danger in saying that the price increases average out to 2%. You got Automotive at 1.4% and they represent 50% of our revenue, and you got Electrical at 3.6% and they represent 4% of our revenue. So I just caution you that it's not quite straightforward as that.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc.: Understood, okay. And then just a follow-up on the gross margin rate. Obviously, you made substantial improvement there sequentially. And I'm not sure, Jerry, if you can just give a little more color. It sounds like a little bit better vendor rebates and also internal initiatives. And I think you had some work you were doing with price optimization on the auto side. Maybe is that one thing that's helping here? Or can you just share a little bit more?
Jerry Nix: Yes, it is a combination of all of that, Mike. The rebate certainly helped the Industrial side some. We do have the pricing software that we're working into the Automotive side. We've previously done that in the Office Products side. So it's a combination of a lot of things, and it's buy side and sell side and it's product mix, customer mix. There's a lot of tweaking, and that's why it takes some time to get gross margin turn around to start to improve. So it is a combination of all of those things. But you're right, the rebates did help show some improvement in the Industrial side.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc.: Great, that's helpful. And just the last question I have was for the full year, the outlook for $700 million of cash flow from ops. I think, year-to-date, we're at about $250 million. And typically, it seems to be normally relatively flat 1 half versus 2 half. Is there anything specific, maybe inventories are up 4% and we should anticipate that, that would be up less? Or how do you sort of get there?
Jerry Nix: Yes, if you look at this point last year, that change there was a source of cash. And this year, it's a use of cash. And we were down at June 30 last year at 2% in inventory, and we're up 4% in inventory this year. And then we were also, last year, I think, the receivable was up 9% and you have 16%. And I think you'll see some further improvement in that inventory number, as well as receivables. We're comfortable that the $700 million in cash from operations, that we'll be able to achieve that.
Operator: And there are no additional questions in queue at this time.
Jerry Nix: David, thank you for your job on the call today, and we appreciate all of those that did call in. We appreciate everybody's ongoing continued support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you, if not sooner, on our third quarter conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Carol Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc. Mark Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets William Selesky - Argus Research Company Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning, my name is Andrea, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts' First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to our host, Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance. You may begin.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts' First Quarter Conference Call, where we will discuss our earnings results and our outlook for the remainder of the 2011.  Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I will split the duties on this call. And once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our first quarter 2011 results and hopefully, you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2,974,000 which was up 14%. Net income was $126.5 million, which was up 26%, and earnings per share were $0.80 this year compared to $0.63 in the first quarter of 2010 and the EPS increase was 27%. So we're pleased that the sales and earnings momentum that we saw throughout 2010 continued on into the first quarter of this year. As a result, we feel that we're off to a good start, and we look forward to another solid performance in 2011. A review of the results by business segment shows that our Industrial and Electrical operations continue to produce the largest increases. Motion Industries, our Industrial Distribution business, was up 24%. This is their fourth consecutive quarter of better than 20% increases, and we are very pleased with the progress that is being made in our Industrial segment. As we look at the numbers in a bit more detail, acquisitions added 5% to the increase. But importantly, we continue to see that the good results and the ongoing operations are broad based across their business as evidenced by the fact that every one of their top 12 product categories is running double-digit increases year-to-date. And as a group, these 12 categories are up 25%. And the same can be said about their top 10 customer segments. Double-digit increases in each case. And as a group, these top 10 customer segments are up 30% through the first quarter. And the top 20 individual customers have a collective year-to-date increase of 30% as well. And finally, all geographic areas are showing strong double-digit improvement throughout the first quarter. So from a number of different viewpoints, the Industrial business remain strong and with the industrial production and capacity utilization indices each continuing to remain at healthy levels. And with good execution on the growth initiatives, we're optimistic about our prospects in the Industrial segment over the next several quarters. Moving on to the Electrical segment. EIS turned in another strong performance as well, with revenues being up 39% in the quarter. This is their fourth consecutive quarter better than 30% increases, so as with the Industrial business, the Electrical segment remains quite strong. The Seacoast Wire and Cable acquisition completed in September of last year gave us a nice boost in the quarter, as did the increase in copper pricing, but the ongoing operation still generated a strong 19% increase over the first three months of the year. So the underlying business in the Electrical/Electronic segment remains quite healthy.  And as with the Industrial operations, the increases across the customer segments, as well as the product categories, were broad based and consistent. And we're encouraged by the fact that our primary external leading demand indicator, the Institute for Supply Management Purchasing Managers Index, remained well above 50 through February, reflective of a continued expansion in the industry. And this bodes well for our Electrical business in the months ahead. S.P. Richards, our Office Products company, was up 5%, continuing a pattern of gradual improvement that started in the second half of 2010. You may recall that Office Products was running 1% behind through midyear last year. Then they were even in the third quarter, plus 3% in the fourth quarter, and now up 5% this past quarter, so the trend is a bit encouraging. As has been the case for some time now, our sales for the independent Office Products resellers have outpaced our performance with the Mega Channel. The Independent business was up high single digits in the quarter, and we are pleased that this segment of our business has been on a gradually improving trend for five consecutive quarters now. But then our Mega business continues to run behind prior year, and this segment had a high single-digit decrease in the quarter. On the product side, all four of our major product categories, technology, office supplies, furniture, and cleaning and break room, showed positive growth in the quarter. This follows a similar pattern in the fourth quarter of 2010, and it's another indication to us that our Office Supply business is on a very gradual improving trend, and we expect this to continue in the quarters ahead. And finally, a few comments about Automotive. You will recall that this business showed good sequential progress on a quarterly basis during 2010, and we ended the year with a 9% increase in the final quarter. We were pleased to see this carryover to the first quarter of this year, with our Automotive operations being up 9% once again. And this is essentially a same-store sales increase, which we think shows good progress on the part of our Automotive team. Both our independently-owned and company-owned store groups grew at steady rates. And in looking at the detail within the company stores, our Retail business was up 4% in the quarter, our Fleet business was up 5% and our Installer business was up low double digits once again. And we're especially pleased with the steady and consistent double-digit growth that we have seen in our Installer business for over a year now. And this is largely attributable to the continued progress being made in our two primary installer initiatives, NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts. You will recall that they both grew at double-digit rates in 2010 and this held true to the first quarter as well. So good progress continues to be made in each of these important areas. When we put it all together, we feel that our Automotive team came through the first quarter in good shape, and we're optimistic about their prospects over the remainder of the year.  So that's a quick overview of our first quarter sales results. And at this point, we'll ask Jerry to take a few minutes to comment on the financial performance. Jerry?
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. I appreciate you joining us on the call today. But first, I'll review the first quarter income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, and then we'll open the call up to your questions. We incurred a total sale to a record high at $2.97 billion and at 14% for the second consecutive quarter. We're also encouraged by the positive sales momentum in all four of our business units, which is a testament to the hard work by everyone across our organization. We look forward to reporting continued growth over the balance of the year. Gross profit for the first quarter, 28.5% which is down 70 basis points from 29.2% in the first quarter last year. Although we see many good things happening in our businesses, this area remains a challenge for us due to several reasons. For example, competitive pricing pressures and changes in product mix across our businesses continues to negatively impact our gross margin. In addition, we are seeing a growing mix of sales through our national accounts and most of our businesses, which generally come with lower margins, but higher sales volumes. We're implementing both buy- and sell-side initiatives to offset these factors, and they should help stabilize gross margins in the coming quarters. We're working to reduce supply chain costs, increase distribution efficiencies and maximize pricing potential. For the year, our cumulative pricing, which represents the prior increases to us, was 0.5% in Automotive, 0.6% in Industrial, 0.9% in Office Products and 1.6% in Electrical.  Turning to SG&A. Expenses of $657 million were up 9.8% from $598 million for the same period in 2010. And as a percent to sales, this marks a 90 basis point improvement to 22.1% versus 23.0% last year. Decrease in expenses as a percentage of sales is largely due to benefit of greater leverage associated with our 14% sales growth for the quarter, as well as benefit of our ongoing cost control measures. We entered 2011 with approximately $55 million in permanent cost saving from previous initiatives to significantly reduced employee headcount, consolidate facilities and more effectively manage freight routes and transportation costs. Of our 12% headcount reduction in '08 and '09, we only added back 1% in 2010, including acquisitions. And we've added another 0.7% with acquisitions thus far in 2011. In addition, our ongoing cost initiative have produced further savings of approximately $7 million to the first quarter this year. These initiatives have addressed cost scenarios such as freight, utility and warehouse management, and we expect to see additional savings coming from these initiatives over the balance of the year. These savings continue to positively impact our overall results, and our management team understands we must remain focused in this area. We'll continue to assess the proper cost structure of our businesses as revenue growth continues. Tightly managing our expenses remains a top priority. Now let's look at the business units by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter of $1,404,900,000, that represents 47% of the total and is up 9%. They had operating profit, $97.9 million, and that was up 10%. So margin expansion from 6.9% to 7.0%. The Industrial Group had revenue in the quarter of $999.8 million, representing 34% of the total, up 24.5% with operating profit, $66.0 million, up 35%. So very nice expansion from 6.1% to 6.6% of sales on operating margin. Office Products had revenue in the quarter of $432.7 million, 14% of the total, up 5% with operating profit, $37.4 million, up 2%. So they had slight margin degradation, 8.9% to 8.6%, but that's still a strong operating margin. The Electrical Group had revenue in the quarter of $139.8 million, 5% of the total. They were up 39%. Operating profit, $10.7 million (sic) [$10.07 million], up 48%. So nice expansion there from 6.8% to 7.2% of sales. Putting it all together, total operating profit margin for the first quarter improved 10 basis points to 7.1% from 7.0% in the first quarter of 2010 as our improved SG&A leverage was partially offset the gross margin compression. We had net interest expense of $6.5 million in the first quarter, which is down slightly from 2010. And we expect our net interest to be approximately $25 million to $26 million for the full year. In other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and non-controlling interest was $12.9 million expense in the quarter, up slightly from $12.3 million in the first quarter last year. The increase on this line is primarily due to higher expenses for incentive-based compensation, such as bonuses and stock options. And we continue to project the total other category to be in the $45 million to $55 million range for the full year. Now this assumes consistent levels of incentive-based compensation over the balance of the year, which we would expect to incur with normalized levels of growth. For the quarter, tax rate was approximately 34.1% compared to 37.9% for the first quarter in 2010, a decrease in the rate from last year is due to favorable adjustment associated with the expiration of a statute of limitations related to international taxes. Currently, we expect the tax rate for 2011 to be about 36.5%. Net income for the quarter, $126.5 million, up 26%. EPS of $0.80 compared to $0.63 last year was up 27%. Now let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at March 31 of $466 million is up $132 million from $334 million in March 31, 2010. We continue to build our cash position from increased earnings and improved working capital, and we've used our cash to fund several ongoing priorities, such as the increase in the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases, which we'll discuss in more detail in a moment. We expect to continue to generate consistently strong cash flows and expect our cash position to remain sound. Accounts receivable, $1.5 billion, increased 13% for March 31, 2010, on a 14% increase in sales for the first quarter. We're pleased to have shown progress in managing this account and remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth. Inventory at 3/31/2011 was $2.24 billion, up approximately 1% or $25 million from March 31 last year. That is including acquisitions. In consideration of our sales growth, we believe that our management team continues to manage this key investment very well, and we'll remain focused on further improving our inventory levels over the balance of 2011. We improved our accounts payable position again this quarter with trade payables increasing to $1.4 billion, which is up 16% from March 31 in the prior year. Primarily, our progress in trade payables reflects the impact of increased inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volume, as well as extended payment terms and other payable initiatives with our vendors. With the improvement in our accounts payable position, our DPO continues to improve and we remain pleased with the positive direction of this working capital account. With progress in the key areas of receivable, inventory and payables, working capital is $2.5 billion at March 31, is down 5% from last year. But for comparison purposes, if we add back the $250 million current portion of debt at March 31, working capital is up approximately 4% from March 31 last year. We're encouraged with our ongoing progress in managing working capital and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. After several consecutive years of strong cash flows, we expect to generate strong cash flows again in 2011 and currently estimate from operations of approximately $700 million for the year. At this level, free cash flow after deducting capital expenditures and dividends should be approximately $325 million, which is in line with last year. We're encouraged by the continued strength of our cash flows and remain committed to our ongoing priorities for use of the cash. These priorities are: first, the dividend, which we paid every year since going public in 1948 and raised for 55 consecutive years. As you may recall, in our February board meeting, our directors authorized $1.80 annual dividend for 2011, up 10% from $1.64 in 2010. This new dividend represents a payout of approximately 60% of our 2010 earnings per share and currently yields about 3% to 3.5%. Additional priorities for cash includes the ongoing reinvestment in each of the four businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases.  Capital expenditures, $14.5 million for the first quarter, is up from $10 million invested in the first quarter last year. Currently, we expect our CapEx spend to pick up over the balance of the year and be in the range of $100 million to $110 million for the full year with the vast majority of these investments weighted toward total productivity enhancing projects, primarily in technology. Depreciation and amortization was $22.5 million in the quarter, in line with 2010. We expect D&A to remain level with last year and be approximately $90 million for the full year. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. As you may recall on January 31 of this year, we completed two acquisitions in our Industrial business with combined annual revenues of approximately $60 million. We continue to anticipate additional opportunities for acquisitions over the balance of the year and remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy. Generally, we're targeting those both on tax and acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $125 million, although there are certain exceptions to this rule. In the first quarter of 2011, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 177,000 shares of our company stock on a company share repurchase program. This follows the purchase of approximately 1.9 million shares in 2010 and today, we have right at 15.8 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program, as we continue to believe our stock's an attractive investment and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. Total debt at March 31, 2011, remains unchanged at $500 million, and a $250 million credit facility maturing in November 2011 is accounted for in current liabilities. The second $250 million in debt is due in November 2013. And regards to the portion of the debt due this November, we can tell you that we're currently well in the process of negotiating a new debt agreement and a private placement with several insurance companies. We expect to have a signed agreement before the end of third quarter, and we'll update you on that when we have more details. Total debt to total capitalization at March 31, 14.8%. We're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We ended the second quarter of 2011 optimistic that we could show continued progress in growing our sales and earnings over the remainder of the year. Steady and consistent growth has defined Genuine Parts Company for much of our history, and we remain committed to continuing this trend. We'll continue to support this growth with a strong and healthy balance sheet, sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders.  That concludes our financial review, and I'll conclude my comments by expressing our appreciation to all our dedicated GPC associates. We're truly very proud of this group and can't say it enough. I also want to thank our customers and suppliers. We appreciate their continued support as well.  Tom, back to you.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. So that's a recap of our first quarter numbers, and we're proud of the results that were produced by the GPC team. Thanks to their efforts, we feel that we're off to a good start to 2011. Now as far as the remainder of the year is concerned, we continue to be optimistic about our prospects in each of our four businesses. There are a few uncertainties, however, including the increase in the price of gasoline, specifically, and the fragility yet in the economic recovery in general. But to this point, we seem to be weathering the situation fairly well. Additionally, we point out that our comps get even more challenging over the remaining three quarters of the year, with revenues being up 13% over the final nine months of 2010 and earnings per share being up 22%.  With all of this in mind, our expectations are to grow total revenues by 9% to 11% for the full year, which implies an 8% to 10% increase over the remainder of the year, and this is up from our prior full year guidance of 6% to 8%. And this is based on Automotive being up 6% to 8%; Industrial, 15% to 17%; Office Products, 4% to 6%; and the Electrical/Electronic being up 16% to 18%. And by achieving revenue increases in these ranges, we think earnings will be in the range of $3.32 to $3.42, which is up $0.10 from our prior guidance of $3.22 to $3.32, and would represent an EPS increase of 11% to 14% for the full year. At this time, we'd like to take your questions, and we'll turn the call back over to Andrea.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Scot Ciccarelli. Question, can you expand a little bit, Jerry, on the gross margin pressure? I guess when I kind of look at the P&L for the quarter, revenue was a little bit better than we were looking for. But if there was a spot that kind of took us a little by surprise, it was the gross margin, and you talked about some pricing issues. But is there anything else going on there? Is there some commodity impact? Or is it really just competitive pricing in various businesses? Or is there one business being hurt more than the others?
Jerry Nix: No, if there was just one thing, it would be a lot easier to solve the problem. This affects all four of our business units. And as I mentioned, we do have a lot of Major Accounts in all of them, and while they have lower margin, they generate a lot more volume. But it's a pricing issue, it's a purchasing issue, it's a combination of all of those. And some of the issues that we have in place, we have some pricing software that we're looking at to improve that. But if you look back, Scot, this was going on last year as well. And so it's continued and some of that is just the nature of the economic climate that we're operating in. A lot of our customers refuse to take any increases. And at this point, we push back on taking any increases, as you could tell from the price increase that had been passed through to us. But it may be some of it is commodity driven, but we don't have anything that detailed on it at this point. But there are a number of things that we're working at, and I think we can stabilize that over the remainder. It's not something you can correct in one quarter, but it's something we can stabilize over the remainder of this year.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Is the impact more severe in any particular category? Is it really across-the-board?
Jerry Nix: No, it truly is across-the-board. Each of the business units, one maybe down 20 basis points more than the others, something like that, but they're all down.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess, my only last question about that is, you guys have obviously been operating this business very well for a long period of time. Given the robustness of the recovery and the revenue growth that you're experiencing, are you surprised at all that people are being so tough on the pricing right now?
Jerry Nix: Not really, Scot. As you say, a lot of the customers just are in the climate that they're pushing back on all the costs, all the cost increases, including the cost of a product. And so are we, frankly. We're just not doing a good a job pushing back, I guess, as our customers are. But Scot, this is a concern of ours, and I think we can address it if the gross margin stabilizes, then we can certainly continue to take out in the SG&A line to offset that as we did this quarter. But yes, I think as long as we're under that pressure, we're going to continue to push back to our supplier as our customers are pushing back to us.
Thomas Gallagher: And Scot, I think it's important to also to just emphasize something Jerry just said, and that is we see the trends on the margin, we're working on it, and I'm confident we'll show some improvement. But when we see the trends like they are, we work hard on the cost side of it as well to protect the bottom line, and we're pleased with the fact that we were able to keep our SG&A growth to less than what our gross profit situation would dictate.
Jerry Nix: Scot, I'm just glad you got that question out of the way right off the top.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Couple of questions for you this morning. The first, with respect to the guidance that you sort of updated, it seems like you're seeing from the last call an acceleration, not only in Motion, SPR [S.P. Richards], as well as EIS, but you kept sort of the Auto expectations flat. And I'm wondering, is there something that gives you more confidence today from the visibility standpoint in those other three areas versus your Auto that perhaps is keeping you a little bit more conservative right now?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we're looking at the Industrial and the Electrical/Electronic first, you saw today the March Industrial production and capacity utilization numbers, and they continue to remain at very healthy and encouraging levels. So we feel pretty good about our prospects in each of those businesses for several quarters at least. On the Office Products side, we would just say that we have been able to show some sequential improvement since midyear last year, and our expectation is that we'll be able to generate increases at least in line with what we've done over the past quarter or two. On the Automotive side, there's nothing that causes us to have any real concern other than the price of fuel. And we don't know what the impact is going to be on that. We've held up well thus far on the sales side. It has impacted our SG&A across all of the businesses. But what we have seen in terms of outbound sales is we have seen some reduction in the demand for any discretionary type items, and we saw that late February, early March and on through the month of March. But I think maybe we're just reading what the same things you guys are putting out in terms of some concern about fuel pricing and what it might do to demand. But as I said earlier, at least through our latest report in April, things are holding up pretty well for us.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: With respect to the Office category, and I know there's been initiatives that you've had and it's certainly reflected in the results. Is there anything else or more color you can share with us in terms of updating us on some of those initiatives and what's underway right now?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I don't think we can get too specific on the initiatives that are underway. I would say that the last two quarters, we have seen 400,000 plus increases in service sector employment. And that's the first time we've seen anything like that going all the way back to 2007. So I think that the external demand is a little better than what it had been this time last year. And then that coupled with some of the specific things that the Office Products team is doing, I think give us some encouragement, some optimism for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch: Actually, John Lovallo on for John Murphy. A few questions for you here. And I don't know if this had been touched on earlier, I got on a little bit late. But are you guys sourcing any parts from Japan at this point in any of your businesses?
Thomas Gallagher: We have a very small amount that comes directly from in country, and we don't see as yet any disruptions there. What we don't know at this point, John, is any component pieces that maybe some of our other vendors maybe sourcing out of Japan. But we've talked to every vendor and at this point, we think the supply line looks pretty good going forward. We don't anticipate any disruption right now.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, fair enough. And you talked about kind of your target range for acquisitions. Anyway, you said there could be some exceptions. I mean, do you see any kind of bigger, kind of chunky acquisition targets out there?
Thomas Gallagher: Not right now, we don't. We've got some discussions that are going and they're only discussions at this point. But they're pretty much in the range that Jerry mentioned.
John Lovallo - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, fair enough. And finally, in terms of segment margins, looking at the Auto business, I mean, do you think, I mean, how are you kind of thinking about that longer term? I mean, are we at levels that are getting kind of peakish or do you see further room for expansion?
Thomas Gallagher: We think that we can improve the operating margins in each of the four businesses. We don't think that there's anything dramatic that's going to happen from one quarter to the next. But we have stated before that our longer-term expectations for Automotive will be 8% to 8.5%. And at this point, we continue to think that, that's achievable over a several year period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Horvers from JPMorgan.
Mark Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is actually Mark on for Chris. I was hoping, given unfavorability on weather in January, can you maybe speak to some of the changing trends on a monthly basis? And then, I guess, it seems like you're not really seeing any impact from the rising fuel prices? Maybe if there's an idea or a number in your head, perhaps that you think about that you see the consumer pullback a little bit in terms of mileage driven?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, taking the first part of the question first, we did -- we were impacted by the weather in January and, to a degree, in February as well. But we were able to recover from that impact in the latter part of February and on into March. As far as the impact of fuel pricing, we haven't seen it materially yet, but that's not to say that we might not. We have seen discretionary spending tighten up a little bit in the Automotive business, and we think that there may be some further tightening that might come. But the way we're structured, our model is that we're 25% to 30% retail and we're 70% to 75% wholesale or commercial. And the Commercial business will be a little less impacted by that than the Retail business will be. But again, looking sequentially at the quarter, our weakest quarter on the retail side or weakest month on the retail side was actually in the month of March. So that may be an early indicator, but we're not ready to categorically say it's a trend.
Mark Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got you. And I guess in terms of just the overall businesses, it seems like in terms of your comments that there was a steady improvement from January, February to March?
Thomas Gallagher: I think that's right, yes.
Mark Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then I was hoping you might be able to talk a little bit about the Fleet business, mid-single digits for a while, now you start to comp some tougher comparisons in the next few quarters. Do you think that's sustainable and maybe what you're seeing in the Fleet business?
Thomas Gallagher: We were up in our Fleet business 5% in the quarter, which we think just shows some good stabilization in that business. And at this point, based upon the indices that we track and talking to customers, we think that, that is sustainable over the remainder of the year. We're not looking for a return to high single or low double-digit growth in that segment, at least not in the foreseeable future. But if we can continue to maintain something in the mid-single digits, I think we'd be happy with that.
Mark Becks - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. And then just my final question, coming back to the Office segment, the Mega has really been a drag on that segment in general. Is there anything you're seeing now that gives you any sort of optimism on that part?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, if we look at the Megas, the three primary ones, and we sell -- understand, we sell into the commercial side of their businesses, not to the retail side. So our sales patterns were more -- reflect what they're able to do on their Contract business. And if you look back to last year, you could see that, for the most part, it was a tough year on that business for them and our results reflected that. We did see one of them turn low single-digit positive on the Contract business in the fourth quarter. The other two remained low single-digit negative. We have not seen first quarter results as yet, but we think it's going to continue to be a gradual improvement there. Our business is roughly 82% with the Independents and 18% with the Megas. So right now, we're fortunate that the Independent business remains reasonably healthy for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Ben for Matt Fassler. Just again on the Automotive growth that you showed in the quarter, it was unchanged on a year-over-year basis from what you've seen in 4Q. And also in 1Q, your growth was well above what has been guided to by your competitors which have yet to report first quarter results. Do you think that your strong performance in the first quarter there, is it more indicative of the industry overall holding momentum from the fourth quarter to the first? Or do you think it is more a function of your having gained share?
Thomas Gallagher: I don't know that I could give you an absolute answer on that. But what I would say is that it's clearly driven by the double-digit growth that we're getting on the Installer side of the business. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have seen double-digit growth there for four quarters now, and we feel quite good about the job that our teams are doing in growing that business. So we'll have to wait and see what the rest of the industry reports. But the Installer business has been and continues to be pretty healthy for us, and our expectation is that it will continue to be that in the quarters ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, gross margins were talked about a lot, but it seems that expense growth may also be accelerating. The year-over-year change in SG&A was much faster in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter, despite the fact that sales growth was fairly similar. So what is driving the expenses higher at this stage? And is it more of a temporary factor, or is it something that is likely to remain with us?
Jerry Nix: I don't think it's anything significant. Certainly, a part of that is increased fuel costs that we are absorbing. And at this point, we had less than 1% of the headcount that we reduced added back to support the 14% sales growth. So we have to continue to be focused on the service to our customers. We're going to have an expense increase, I wouldn't expect to see it at 9%. But then, it also depends on the level of revenue growth that we see. You will continue to see improvement in the percent of sales on the SG&A side. I can say that, I think, with confidence, but what percent increase in the total category, you're going to see, we just can't give you an answer.
Thomas Gallagher: Just a little more color, Jerry mentioned the fuel cost. It was several million dollars in the quarter. So it was significant, it was material.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani of ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc.: Just had actually two. The first was on the pricing side. Looking out for this year, obviously taking the sales guidance up effectively by 3%, it looks like, based on the pricing into you all, which seems to be about 1% or less that, that would be largely driven by volume. Can you just talk about, I guess, in terms of, first of all, input pricing that you're seeing from your vendors, how does that compare to what you had planned at this point and what is your outlook for the rest of the year in light of the 3% increase in the sales guidance?
Thomas Gallagher: Mike, I'll take that. In terms of what we expect for the remainder of the year, at this point, we would say that there'll be more price increases coming over the remainder of the year than what we've seen through the first quarter. We hear discussions and conversations today that a number of the vendors are looking for some price adjustments in and around the midyear time frame. And we have some idea of the range in most cases, so our expectation is that we'll see more impact as the year progresses. But our expectation in the guidance is that we'll continue to enjoy reasonably healthy unit growth as well.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc.: And the other question I have was on vendor rebates and just wondering if you can give us an update there? I noticed, obviously, a little bit of growth in inventory, but not a lot. Is there anything you can say with respect to what you might have seen so far this year and what your outlook is?
Jerry Nix: Mike, we were basically flat in what we accrued for in the first quarter. We expect for the year to be up less than 10% in rebates for the whole company, and we accrued that and we were right at 25% in the first quarter based on the best estimates we can make for the full year. We're not going to grow our inventory to gain incentives. So if business continues strong, we'll hit those incentive targets just by the share purchases to support those sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer of Gabelli Capital [Gabelli & Company].
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: It's Brian Sponheimer. I want to stay in pricing here for a second. So if we assume that inflation is going to pick up and you're going to have to pass on some pricing as the year progresses, what mechanisms do you have to potentially keep margins flat? Or are we really looking at operating profit dollars staying flat while margins decline?
Thomas Gallagher: I don't -- in terms of what mechanisms, I think as price increases flow through the channel, we'll have an opportunity not to just pass along the price increase, but maybe to do some adjustments in the process. So our hope and expectation, frankly, is that we will start to show some stability on the gross profit line and then continue to do a pretty decent job on the SG&A line. But we'll just have to wait until we get the opportunity to make some of those adjustments.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just in discussions with your installer group in the Automotive side, and obviously there has been a supply disruption for a week, parts coming out of Japan. Is there any business at least for 2Q or 3Q that you think you can pick up, whether it's -- it's obviously a warranty work, whether it's on the customer pay or any dealer business that you may benefit from?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we won't pick up anything on the warranty side, Brian, because they have to use OE part from their channel. But on the customer pay, if there are some supply disruptions, and we do have an opportunity there and we have an opportunity both through our NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts side of business. And also, if there are disruptions through the OE channels, we have an opportunity with the dealers for non-warranty repair work. So we think that may be a positive for us to one degree or another in the quarter or two ahead.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just one more, if I may. You had a very noticeable ad campaign for a sporting event during the first quarter of this year. Is that something that we can continue to see throughout the remainder of the year and maybe a larger pickup in national advertising versus, say, radio or local television?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, first of all, I'd complement our team on the NAPA side that worked with the agency to create those ads. We've heard they're a bit edgy, but we also know that they drove awareness quite well. So I do think they're encouraged by what they saw in the results, and you may see a bit more. But you won't see anything dramatically more. And then you'll see a lot of local advertising over the course of the year as well. But all geared toward playing up the idea that our people that work on our stores are pretty knowledgeable. They're good parts professionals, and we're proud of them, and we want to tout that fact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Within Motion Industries, as you look at your various end-user markets, are there any that have been underperforming that could ramp up? I think a little bit of petrochemical, which I think you do some there. But is there anywhere that's -- you could see things improve over the next several quarters?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, the one area across our entire customer set, the one area that continues to be challenged is any of the industries that are related to commercial or residential construction. So we don't anticipate any material change in the demand patterns in those areas. Conversely, we do think that there are several that we could see continued strength and perhaps even a little further strengthening as we go forward. Petrochem would be one. Some of the oil exploration-related businesses could be another. Some of the infrastructure-related businesses that might be positively impacted as we get into the warmer weather and see more of that work being done. So we continue to remain quite optimistic about the prospects in that business over the remainder this year, honestly.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: On the residential, commercial construction, have you ever been able to narrow down how much of sales that represents?
Thomas Gallagher: No, because it's direct and indirect. So no, we don't have a number for you.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: But most of it would be in Electrical and in Motion, correct?
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, that's right. Although I should say Automotive would have that too, because we deal with a lot of independent contractors on the Automotive side.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bill Selesky of Argus Research.
William Selesky - Argus Research Company: I just had a couple of quick questions. With reference to the earnings per share guidance for fiscal 2011, does that assume any buyback activity, or would buyback activity be incremental?
Thomas Gallagher: That's got the buyback numbers in there.
William Selesky - Argus Research Company: Okay. And I wanted to ask a question about inflation. Can you tell me what you guys are seeing as far as price increases going forward through the remainder of 2011? Or what your forecast might be for inflation?
Thomas Gallagher: We can't give you an absolute forecast or one number. What we can tell you is that there is more discussion going on right now than what we have seen in some time in terms of vendors proposing and needing price increases. We do think we will see more of an impact from inflation as we work our way through the remainder of the year. Much of it, I think will come in the second half of the year, Q3 and Q4.
William Selesky - Argus Research Company: Okay. And I just had one last question as it applies to headcount. I think back in 2010, Jerry might have mentioned it, you added back maybe 1% to headcount. And so far, year-to-date, I think you mentioned 0.7% of an increase due to recent acquisitions. Could you say how that would turn out by the end of the year?
Jerry Nix: Well, unless we make additional acquisitions, I mean, our intent is to keep that headcount growth that we took out, out of there. And unless we, an additional acquisition or two depending on the size could add to that number, but I don't see it growing over 1% again in 2011.
Operator: And there are no further questions. I would like to hand the floor over to management for closing remarks.
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Andrea. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today. We're grateful to those of you that continue to support and have an interest in Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you when we release our second quarter results or if anything happens of any significance prior to that. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance Carol Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas Gallagher - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc. Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning, my name is Christa, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company Fourth Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance. Ms. Yancey, you may begin the conference.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Fourth Quarter Conference Call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for 2011. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements, such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure or other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company and its management, statements of future economic performance and assumptions underlying those statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I, will split the duties on this call. And once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have.  Earlier this morning, we released our fourth quarter and year end 2010 results and hopefully, you've had an enough opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2,808,000,000, which was up 14%. Net income was $118.7 million, which was up 20%, and earnings per share was $0.75 this year compared to $0.62 in the fourth quarter of 2010 and EPS (earnings per share) increase was 21%.  For the full year, sales were $11,208,000,000, which was up 11%. Net income was $475.5 million, which was up 19%, and earnings per share were $3 per share compared to $2.50 last year, and that's an EPS increase of 20%. So we feel that 2010 turned out to be a good year for us, and we were pleased with the way that the year developed sequentially. On the revenue side, we were up 6% in the first quarter, followed by a 12% increase in the second quarter, 13% in Q3 and 14% in Q4. On the EPS side, we're up 13% in the first quarter, 20% in the second, 24% in the third, and 21% in the fourth. So a fairly steady and consistent picture all year long.  And looking at the revenue results by business segment, as has been the case all year, our two industrial-related businesses, Motion Industries and EIS, generated the strongest increases for us. Motion was up 24% in the quarter and EIS was up 40%. Acquisitions completed during 2010 helped augment the numbers in each case, but the underlying business remains strong. Motion was plus 18% without acquisition impact and EIS was plus 17%, and both of these show the good progress being made in growing the core business. For the full year, Motion was up 22% and EIS was up 30%, and organic growth or growth without acquisitions for both motion and EIS, was plus 16%.  And looking a bit deeper into the Motion results for the full year, it's interesting to note that we had double-digit increases in every one of our top 12 product categories. Additionally, our top 10 industry groups were up 20% in total with automotive, equipment and machinery and iron and steel having the biggest increases, and then the construction-related industries having the smallest increases. And then our top 25 customers were up 25% as a group. So the good results were broad-based from a product, customer and geographic perspective as well, and we were pleased with the overall sales strength and the balance in our industrial business.  And the comments on the Electrical business are very much the same. Our top 25 customers were up 20% in total for the year, and this drove a similar increase for us with our top 20 suppliers. Additionally, we saw consistent results across our product categories and geographically as well. So both Motion and EIS turned in strong and well-balanced performances for us, and based upon the encouraging external indices like industrial production, manufacture capacity utilization and the ISM Purchasing Managers Index combined with the solid internal growth initiatives, we look for continued good results from each of these businesses in the quarters ahead.  Now before leaving the industrial-related businesses, we do want to mention that Motion did complete two smaller complementary type acquisitions as of January 31 of this year: Dayton Supply & Tool Company is a distributor of industrial supplies with three locations in Ohio, and D.P. Brown is a bearing, belting, and power transmission distributor with three locations in Michigan and one in Ohio. Both of these companies fit nicely into Motion's existing business platform and combined revenues are just over $60 million per year.  Turning to Automotive. They ended the year up 7%. And it's interesting to look at the Automotive results over the course of the year. Revenues in the first quarter were up 6%, followed by 7% increases in the second and third quarters, and then a 9% increase in the fourth quarter. So the results continued to strengthen as the year progressed, and the 9% increase in the fourth quarter was our best quarterly performance in quite some time. Additionally, the 9% increase is a comp store number, which shows good progress and sales productivity from our ongoing store base.  Company-owned and independently-owned stores grew at comparable rates for the year, indicating a good balance in the results. And within the company-owned store group, our cash or retail business was up 8% in the quarter and 5% for the year. The commercial business was up 10% for the quarter and 9% for the year. And both of which we feel indicate a solid performance for the full year.  Within the Commercial segment, our fleet business continued to make a very gradual recovery. You will recall that in this category, we have the multi-vehicle, landscape and contractor business on up to the class six, seven and eight over the road trucking operations. This business was up 2% in the first half of the year followed by 5% increases in each of the third and fourth quarters, which is a bit encouraging, and we anticipate continual gradual improvement in the fleet category in 2011.  The remainder of our commercial business, which is basically our sales to installer customers, was up low double-digits for the year, with our two major commercial customer categories each showing good growth. Both NAPA AutoCare and major accounts posted double-digit increases for the year, and we continue to be pleased with the progress that is being made in these two important parts of our commercial business.  So when we put it all together, we feel that our automotive team did a good job for us this past year. And based upon the sequential improvement that we saw in our results as the year progressed, we feel that we go into 2011 well positioned to turn in another solid performance.  And finally, a few comments about Office Products. As you know, this is one segment of our business that has been the most challenged. After a number of quarters of being down slightly to even in any given quarter, we are pleased to report that Office Products was up 3% in the final quarter, and this enabled them to end the year even with 2009. A look at the Office Products detail shows that our business with the independent dealer community was up 5% in the fourth quarter, and it was up 3% for the year. And encouragingly, this business actually improved a bit over the course of the year. After being basically flat in the first quarter, we're up 2% in Q2, 3% in Q3, and then 5% in Q4. This is a nice progression, but the growth in the independent channel was offset by continued declines in the Mega Channel, which was down high single-digits in the fourth quarter, and was down low double-digits for the year.  On the product side, our furniture, office supplies and technology segments, each had single-digit increases in the quarter. The cleaning and break room supplies category was down in the quarter, but after adjusting for the one-time impact of the H1N1-related products that were sold in Q4 2009, the remaining cleaning and break room products were actually up high single-digits. So the underlying cleaning and break room supply business is healthy. And on a go-forward basis, with the H1N1 distortions now behind us, we expect solid growth in the CBS category in 2011.  Allowing for the adjustment in the cleaning and break room, we are encouraged by the positive growth that was generated in all four of the major product categories in the final quarter. It has been a while since we could say that, and it gives us a bit of optimism about our ability to generate positive low single-digit growth in the Office Products segment in 2011 despite the continued headwinds of lower office worker employment. So that's a quick overview of the operating side of the business. And at this point, we'll ask Jerry to cover the financials. Jerry?
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back to wrap it up, then we'll open the call up to your questions. A view of the income statement shows the following: total sales were up 14% to $2.81 billion for the fourth quarter, and this follows increases of 6%, 12%, and 13% in the first, second and third quarter, respectively. We were encouraged to show positive sales momentum in all four of our business units this quarter and for the year.  For the year, sales finished at $11.2 billion, up 11% from '09. This marks 59 years of sales increases in the last 61 years. We look forward to improving this record in 2011 and beyond. Gross profit in the fourth quarter, 29.1%, which is up sequentially from 28.9% in the third quarter, but down 200 basis points from 31.1% in the fourth quarter last year. You may recall that in the fourth quarter of '09, we said our gross margin included approximately $20 million in LIFO (last in, first out) benefits. This compares to $2 million to $3 million benefit in the fourth quarter of 2010 and accounts for approximately half of our decrease. In evaluating the balance of the decline, we found that competitive pricing pressures and changes in product mix in our Automotive and Office businesses contributed to the decrease. And although less material, the escalating copper pricing in electrical was also a factor.  For the year, gross margin, 29.0% compared to 29.9% in 2009, and that's down 90 basis points. Improving our gross margin is a high priority for us in 2011, and our management teams are well aware of and focused on this goal. We absolutely remain confident there's opportunity for gross margin expansion. Our strategy includes an emphasis in both buy and sell side initiatives, such as efforts to reduce supply chain costs and increase distribution efficiencies and maximizing pricing potential.  For the year, our cumulative price, in which represents supply increases to us, was a positive 0.6% in Automotive, 2.5% in Industrial, positive 0.4% in Office Products and 3.6% in Electrical. Turning to SG&A. Expenses of $631 million were up 4.3% from $605 million for the same period in 2009, and at percent-to-sales, this marks a 200 basis points improvement to 22.5% versus 24.5% last year.  For the full year, SG&A of $2.5 billion is up 5.3% from '09, and is 22.2% of sales compared to 23.5% in the prior year, reflecting 130 basis point improvement. Decrease in expenses as a percentage of sales for the quarter and for the year is largely due to the benefit of greater leverage associated with our 14% and 11% sales growth for the quarter and the year, respectively.  In addition, we benefited from our cost reduction efforts in the last few years. As you may recall, in the recessionary period of 2009, we eliminated approximately $75 million in operating expenses, and we feel that throughout 2010, we did a pretty good job preventing these costs from creeping back into our businesses, even with our strong sales growth. We already said that around $55 million of these savings should be permanent and that's proved to be a reasonable estimate. A big part of our cost savings came from our 12% employee headcount reduction in '08 and '09. This was significant for us as payroll and related benefits run at about 60% of our total SG&A line. We consolidated some facilities and eliminated some freight routes, thus, in 2010, we only added back about 1% of that headcount including acquisitions.  So we're pleased with our discipline on controlling this expense. It's certainly been meaningful to our overall results, and our management team understands we must remain focused in this area. We'll continue to assess the proper cost structure of our businesses as revenue growth continues. Tightly managing our expenses continues to be a top priority for us. Now let's discuss the results by segment. We'll cover the fourth quarter first and then we'll review the full year results. Automotive had revenue in the quarter $1,376,700,000. That was up 9%. And they had operating profit, $82.1 million, up 9.5%, so their margin expanded slightly from 5.9% to 6.0%.  The Industrial Group had revenue in the quarter of $915.2 million. That was up 24%. It had operating profit of $73.8 million, up 23%. So their margin slipped just slightly from 8.2% to 8.1% for the quarter.  Office Products had revenue in the quarter, $395.0 million. That was up 3%. They had operating profit of $38.1 million, that was up 41%. So excellent margin expansion there from 7.0% to 9.6% in the quarter.  The Electrical Group had revenue for the fourth quarter of $125.6 million, up 40%, and operating profit of $8.8 million, up 14%. So their margin slipped to 7.0% for the fourth quarter of 2010.  Now looking at the full year. Automotive had revenue for the year of $5,608,100,000. That was up 7%, and it represents 50% of the total. They had operating profit of $421.1 million, up 9%. So their margins expanded for the year 7.4% in '09 to 7.5% in 2010.  The Industrial Group had revenue for the year of $3,521,900,000, 22% increase representing 31% of the total. They had operating profit, $255.6 million, and that was up 57%. So strong margin expansion from the Industrial Group from 5.6% in 2009 to 7.3% in 2010. Office Products had revenue for the full year, $1,642,000,000. That's up 0.2% and it represents 15% of the total. They had operating profit of $131.7 million, up 4%, so their margins ended the 2010 at 8.0%, up from 7.7% in '09.  The Electrical Group had revenue for the year, $449.8 million. That was up 30%. It represents 4% of the total. And they had operating profit of $30.9 million that was up 22%, and their operating margin was 6.9% for the year, down from 7.3% in 2009.  Total operating profit margin for the fourth quarter improved 30 basis points to 7.2% from 6.9% in the fourth quarter of '09. For the year, operating margin's up 50 basis points to 7 1/2% from 7.0% in 2009. Improved expense leverage associated with our sales increased, as well as our cost reduction efforts have driven the increase in operating margin for both the quarter and the year. We're encouraged by this progress and we're optimistic for further improvement in 2011.  We had net interest expense of $6.6 million in the quarter and $26.6 million for the year, which is down slightly from 2009. We expect our net interest to be approximately $26 million to $27 million for 2011. The Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and non-controlling interest, was $9.8 million expense in the fourth quarter and $51.0 million for the year. Increase on this line from the prior year is primarily due to higher expenses for incentive-based compensation such as bonuses and stock options recorded in association with our improved earning results for the year.  As we look ahead to 2011, we currently project the total Other category to be in the $45 million to $55 million range. Now this assumes consistent levels of incentive-based compensation, which we would expect to incur with normalized levels of growth.  For the quarter, the tax rate was approximately 36.3% compared to 39.1% for the fourth quarter in 2009. Decrease in the tax rate from last year is due to favorable foreign income taxes and a larger a time or plan valuation adjustment relative to the same period the prior year. For the year, the tax rate, 37.6% compared to 38.0%, with a decrease related to favorable foreign income taxes that we just mentioned. Currently, we expect the tax rate for 2011 to be within the range of 37.0% to 37.5%.  Net income for the quarter, $118.7 million, up 20%. EPS was $0.75 compared to $0.62 last year, up 21%. For the year, net income, $476 million, up 19%. EPS of $3 compared to $2.50 in '09, which is up 20%. We're very proud of all of our associates at Genuine Parts Company for helping us achieve record or EPS numbers in 2010.  Let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at December 31 of $530 million is up $191 million from $337 million at December 31, '09. We continue to build our cash position from increased earnings and an improved working capital position. And we use our cash to fund several ongoing priorities such as the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases, which we'll discuss in more detail later. We also funded our pension plan as required from time to time with contributions of approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter and a total of $91 million for the year.  Accounts receivable of $1.4 billion increased 15% from 2009, only 14% sales increase in the fourth quarter, which is not up to our standards. We do have or remain satisfied with the quality of our receivables, and we remain diligent in monitoring our exposure to write-offs and ensuring the adequacy of our reserve for bad debt. At December 31, 2010, we're confident that the company is properly reserved. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth, which we failed to achieve in the fourth quarter. Our January comparison for trade receivables have already shown some improvement, however, and we would expect to achieve this goal each quarter in 2011.  Inventory at year end was $2.2 billion, up less than 1% or approximately $11 million from December 31, 2009. Considering our sales growth for the year as well as inventory from acquisitions, we believe our management team managed this key investment very well in 2010, and we'll remain focused on further improving our inventory levels in 2011.  Our accounts payable balance at December 31, $1.4 billion, is up 26% from December 31 in the prior year. Primarily, our privacy and trade payables reflects the impact of increased inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volume this year, as well as extended payment terms and other payable initiatives with our vendors. With improvement in our accounts payable position, our DPO continued to improve and we remain pleased with the positive direction of this working capital category.  With our progress in the key areas of cash receivable, inventory and payables, working capital of $2.7 billion at December 31 after adding back the $250 million current portion of debt, is up approximately 3% from 2009. We're encouraged with our progress in managing working capital in 2010, and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition as we move forward into 2011. After a record year for cash flows in 2009, we had another strong year in 2010 with cash from operations totaling approximately $679 million and free cash flow after deducting CapEx and dividends of approximately $335 million.  We're encouraged by the continued strength of our cash flows and remain committed to our ongoing priorities for use of our cash. These priorities are: first, the dividend, which we pay every year since going public in 1948, and we've raised it now for 55 consecutive years, effective with yesterday's board approval of a 10% increase in the company's annual dividend for 2011 to $1.80 per share from $1.64 per share in 2010. The new dividend represents approximately 60% of our 2010 earnings per share and currently yields about 3% to 3.5%. Our other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the four businesses, strategic acquisitions, where appropriate, and share repurchases.  Capital expenditures were $26 million for the fourth quarter, up from $20 million invested in the fourth quarter of the prior year. For the full year, CapEx at $85 million compared to $69 million in '09. We had planned for an increased level of CapEx spending in 2010 relative to '09 and turning to 2011, we expect our CapEx spending to be in the range of $100 million to $110 million for the full year. Vast majority of these investments will continue to be weighted towards productivity-enhancing projects, primarily in technology.  Depreciation and amortization, $22 million, in the quarter and $89 million for the year, in line with the same periods in '09. We expect D&A to be approximately $90 million again in 2011. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. After closing on six acquisitions in 2009, we completed another three in 2010, and we continue to evaluate additional acquisition opportunities as they present themselves.  Thus far, in 2011, we've made two additional acquisitions, which Tom mentioned earlier, and we anticipate additional opportunities to buy acquisitions over the balance of the year. We remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy, and generally target those both on tax and acquisitions with annual revenues in at $25 million to $125 million range, although there are certain exceptions to this rule.  Fourth quarter of 2010, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 120,000 shares of our stock on a company share repurchase program. For the year, we purchased approximately 1.85 million shares and today, we have approximately 16 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases but we expect to remain active in the program, and we continue to believe that our stock's an attractive investment and combined with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders.  Total debt at December 31, 2010, remains unchanged at $500 million, although the $250 million credit facility maturing in November 2011 was reclassified from long-term debt to current liabilities. The second $250 million in debt is due in November 2013. At this point, we made no final decision regarding our plans for the debt as it comes due. Total debt to total capitalization at December 31, 15.1%, and we are comfortable with our capital structure at the current time.  Due to the hard work of our GPC team members, we made great strides in 2010, and we are optimistic that we can build on this year's performance and show more progress in 2011 and beyond. Steady and consistent growth has defined Genuine Parts Company for much of our rich history, and we remain committed to these fine qualities. We'll continue to support this growth with a strong and healthy balance sheet and sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders. And that concludes our financial review, and I'll conclude my comments by expressing our appreciation to all of our dedicated GPC associates. We are truly proud of this group and their efforts to achieve a strong year in 2010 were tremendous. We also want to thank our customers and suppliers. We appreciate their continued support. We look forward to building on these results in 2011.  And Tom, I will turn it back to you.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that's a recap of the fourth quarter and full year of our 2010 results. From our perspective, we came through the year in good shape and we're proud of the job that was done by the entire GPC team. Thanks to their efforts, we were able to report record sales and earnings per share in 2010, and we entered 2011 with a bit of momentum and a sense that it should be another good year for our company.  As we look toward 2011, the prime areas of emphasis across each of our businesses fall into four main categories. The first is generating an acceptable level of revenue growth, and our estimates at this time for 2011 are Automotive to be up 6% to 8%, Industrial and Electrical to each be up 8% to 10%, and Office Products to be up 2% to 4%. That would give us a combined 6% to 8% increase for GPC.  Now with that said, our expectation is that the first quarter revenue results will probably be at the high end to perhaps just a bit above this range based upon what we have seen for the first six weeks of the quarter. Also keeping in mind that the first quarter 2010 gives us our easiest comparison, we were up 6% in Q1 last year, but then quarters two through four get a bit more challenging with 2010 increases of 12%, 13% and 14%, respectively. So the comps get a bit more difficult as the year progresses, but full year revenue growth of 6% to 8% will enable us to meet our second objective, which is to show continued operating margin improvement. And our full year guidance currently would be for an earnings per share range of $3.22 to $3.32, which would be up 7% to 11%.  The third corporate-wide focus is in the areas of asset management and working capital efficiency. We feel that our team has done a good job in these two areas over the past few years, and building on that in 2011 will enable us to continue to generate solid cash flow.  And the final area of focus for each of our businesses is to maintain and enhance our strong balance sheet. Doing so enables us to continue to invest for the future and to further increase shareholder value.  So that completes our comments this morning. And at this point, we'd like to take your questions. So we'll turn the call back over to Christa. Christa?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of [America] Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is Elizabeth Lane on for John. It looks like Office Products had a pretty nice recovery. It finally turned positive on a year-over-year revenue growth basis and had a pretty healthy operating margin. In previous quarters, you'd mentioned company initiatives in the segments that were underway, but I don't think specifics were given at that time. So is there any more color you can give on these initiatives?
Thomas Gallagher: No, I don't think we would do that on the call. But we can tell you that we think that next year will be more in line with what we did in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And with regards to the Automotive segment, with new vehicle sales improving and theoretically, the average age of vehicles should start to correct somewhat from the very high levels we've bee seeing that would theoretically lead to less demand for aftermarket parts. Is that a statement that you would generally agree with? Or are you still anticipating strong demand for replacement parts, even if people start buying new vehicles rather than fixing up old ones?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, in the near term, I'd say it's more the latter part of your statement than the former part. We do expect demand to remain quite strong through the early part of this year, absent any dramatic increases in fuel prices. But it will take a couple of years of increased new car sales for that to materially impact the age of the vehicles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: The EPS guidance Tom just gave, does that assume any buyback activity? Or is that just kind of assuming the same share base?
Thomas Gallagher: That's assuming the same share base.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So any buyback would be incremental.
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, sir.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then, Tom, I guess as a little bit of follow-up to the question you were just asked about the auto aftermarket industry. Obviously, it had a pretty good '09 in general, a bang up 2010. I guess the question I have is what is it that you're watching to identify to try and figure out when the industry sales trends might start to normalize to kind of what we've seen as a more historical growth rate?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, following up on what Elizabeth asked prior, we certainly, we follow the new car sales for sure. But more immediately, we're looking at the price of fuel, the miles driven. We're looking at what's happening with consumer spending and retail sales. As long as they remain at historic, reasonable levels, we think demand should be pretty good.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Was there something that happened in the Office Products category that pushed the margin up as high as it had gone? And I know it was a pretty significant increase, kind of showed up as a pretty significant change, I guess, to what we have seen as a run rate.
Jerry Nix: Scot, I'll take that. Yes, there was in the fourth quarter you saw where they had the real improvement. They were doing some inventory buys at the end of the year in anticipation of price increases that were going into effect in January. So they were able to get some incentives there at the end of the year, and that was about a third of that increase. They also had -- their expenses had been cut back, and when they had a 3% sales increase, that accounted for maybe another third of it. And some of those costs that they had taken out previously, that have -- all our business units' data have not come back in, would have counted for probably another third of that increase. But that was primarily what happened, and it was in the fourth quarter, and it was strong enough to impact the full year's margins as well.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So kind of walking forward, what's the best way to think about the margin expectations for the Office category then?
Jerry Nix: Well, we've been saying for some time, our longer plans for the operating margin for the Office Products Group's 8% to 8 1/2%. And I think that we should continue to look for 8% to 8 1/2%. If revenue continues to show some progress, then they'll achieve that. But if revenue falls back in on negative territory, then their margin's going to be under pressure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's Matt Fassler and Ryan Brinkman here at Goldman. Another question on Automotive. No one's asked this explicitly, but two of your aftermarket competitors have come out and talked about a slower start to the year based on weather and perhaps other factors. And you guided that business for the year to a level -- close to the level that you printed in the second half of this year, very strong numbers, and suggested that the first half should actually be somewhat better. So can you talk about the experience you've had in Automotive, quarter-to-date, given some of those competitor comments and some of the extraordinary weather that we've experienced?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, what we've seen is that we were impacted by the weather in January, and to a degree, to a lesser degree, the first part of February. But our Automotive business remains pretty good for us right now. And our expectation is that they'll be able to hit the guidance that we've provided earlier in the call. So the commercial side of the business is strong. And going back to the comments we made, we did have a good quarter on the retail side of the business in our company store group, and we think that, that will be pretty good as we work our way through the remainder of the quarter and the first half. That's the one that was hit a little bit more as a result of the weather than even the commercial business.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Second question relates to Industrial. In 2008, 2009, you had lost significant vendor rebate dollars as those volumes slowed. And there was some question as to whether you might reclaim some of those dollars as the business accelerated through 2010. It looks from the numbers like you probably did not, to any great degree, and perhaps that's why our Industrial margin number was a bit higher than it should have been. Are those dollars -- might those dollars come back at some time in the future? Are we kind of normalized at this point as it relates to vendor rebate money? Or is there still some opportunity?
Jerry Nix: Matt, this is Jerry. I'll take that. We did talk about that and we looked at -- in 2009, the Industrial Group put their inventory at $100 million. Not only did the sales slow, but they cut their inventory. That was a decision that we made. They also reduced the inventory another $40 million to $50 million in 2010. Now, they were able to offset that inventory reduction because business was so strong and those incentives are based on purchases. And so if business continues, as it has been, in 2011, then we're going to get those incentives again. I would say that the incentive level that we've seen in 2010 would be more normalized going forward, with increases depending on how strong the business is.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And the base line for the tone of business would be the guidance that you gave? Or it would be levels that are higher or lower than that? How should we think about that, kind of the threshold?
Thomas Gallagher: I think based upon the guidance that we've given, Matt -- and I guess the only thing I'd add to what Jerry said is that I do think that we will gradually increase the level of incentives. But we still feel like the industrial team, as with all of our businesses, they can continue to find ways to take a little inventory out here and there. So I think it will be a gradual build back. I don't think we'll see a spike in any one year.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then final question relates to LIFO. Clearly, was a bit of an issue as it related to margin in the fourth quarter. If you could talk about, based on cost movements in your business, what your expectations are for LIFO year-on-year in 2011?
Jerry Nix: As we go into 2011, our expectations for LIFO, again, well, that will be very similar to what it was in 2010. They have normal pick-up in LIFO. The $20 million in 2009 was due to the heavy inventory reduction. And the Industrial Group picked about $2 million to $3 million this time instead of $20 million. And again, our inventories weren't down as much. But we will -- I'd say that's a normal level that you'll have on LIFO going forward. We know that we can continue to bring our inventories down to a certain degree, but at this point, we're not going to do it to the detriment of a service level that would impact our revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Horvers from JP Morgan.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the -- given your sales outlook for the year and your expectation in previous comments that you expect to see SG&A leverage going forward, are you expecting gross margins to be down this year? And what do you expect to be the drivers of that?
Thomas Gallagher: No, I don't think we're expecting gross margin to be down. As Jerry mentioned in his comments, that's an area of focus for us as an organization. And I would say that gross margins will be flat to perhaps up slightly, as we work our way through the year. The primary drivers are going to be continued good expense control, I think. And I think our team did a pretty good job this past year, and we have a number of initiatives underway to continue to work to contain our cost increases. So I think it'll be more of the leverage on the sales line than it will be the gross profit side.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And a follow-up on the -- as it relates to Office and the vendor allowances that you were able to realize in the fourth quarter. Obviously, you have to sell through that inventory to be able to realize, as I understand it, to be able to realize those vendor allowances. So it's not necessarily held up in your inventory, given the fact that a lot of the big box office retailers saw some slower trends emerge in January and February. Do you expect that the sales would have slowed in the first quarter in that business? And will that have some sort of follow-on effect on the margin line in the first quarter?
Jerry Nix: I don't believe so. They're on FICO inventory accounting in our Office Products segment, and this was an investment in inventory in anticipation of those increases. So as the products sold, whether it'd be in the first quarter or the second quarter, we're going to benefit from bringing that product in at a lower-cost. Some of it may be passed on to the customer, and some of it may not. But that's just a part of the decisions that have to be made on a daily basis, Chris, in running the business.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So it's not as if -- so even if you brought it in, it's not as if there was some sort of big ordering out of the majors or independents that. . .
Jerry Nix: No, no, not at all. Just that our suppliers had indicated to us that they would be coming through with price increases and then we bought ahead of that.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then finally, as it relates to the SG&A, SG&A grew about 6% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. That was a slowdown from what you saw in the prior quarter against a tougher compare. Can you talk about any particular drivers last year or this year that drove that? And how to thinking about SG&A dollar growth in 2011?
Jerry Nix: Well, certainly, we're going to grow our SG&A at a rate less than revenue growth, and there's not any one particular thing. We've been trying to get cost under control and down based on the lower revenue we had in '08 and '09. And as revenues come back, we kept $55 million of that $75 million we took out. We kept about $55 million out of that, but that doesn't mean that we're not going to continue to focus on other expenses and trying to reduce those even further. That's an ongoing battle that we fight. And we're putting these productivity-enhancing products in place, and we're investing in that and the CapEx situations so that as business accelerates, that we don't have to add back headcount and therefore, we gain leverage on that. But as far as a percent of increase in SG&A expenses, I don't know that we can give you that. I can just tell you that it's going to be less than what our revenue increase is.
Thomas Gallagher: Chris, just to add a little more color to what Jerry said, today, we've got a number of people in our building representing every business unit within Genuine Parts Company. And these are all our senior office leaders and logistics people, and they're here to update one another on where we are on our various cost-containment initiatives across the company. So we're working to share best practices, and also monitor the progress that's being made. So that's the kind of thing that we're going to continue to do throughout all of this year, and there are a number of, I think, some impactful initiatives that are underway.
Christopher Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just one quick follow up on the gross margin as well. I understand the $20 million FIFO -- was there pricing pressure that you saw in the Automotive division or any of the other divisions that caused some of this gross margin pressure in the fourth quarter?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, there's a normal pricing pressure in all four of the businesses. But there wasn't anything more pronounced or acute in the fourth quarter than what we've seen in prior quarters.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Montani from ISI Group.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc.: On for Greg Melich from ISI. Just wanted to follow up on the revenue growth. So Auto, 6% to 8%; Industrial, 8% to 10%; and then Office, 2% to 4%. Can you share within that what your outlook is with respect to inflation? Obviously, you guys provided the updates and where we're running there, but is there a way to think about sort of volumes versus inflation that could be driving those?
Thomas Gallagher: Mike, I'll try to answer that. We're going to be a bit vague only because right now, we don't know exactly what's going to happen with price increases. I would say that we're having more conversations with vendors across all four of the businesses today about potential price increases. We haven't seen significant price increases through the first month of the year, but we do expect that there'll be a bit more as the year progresses because some of their input costs have gone up, and we do think that they're going to be put in a position where they do need to raise prices some. So at this point, I would say that I would expect price increases to be at least as much as what they were in 2010, and maybe a bit more in a couple of the businesses as the year progresses.
Michael Montani - ISI Group Inc.: And then just to follow up on that, from the pricing surveys we've done, especially in automotive, it looks like you all have really narrowed the gap with competitors there. And I guess the question then comes to the point where if we look ahead and the price increases to you all would be similar next year, can you talk about where you feel you are competitively today, after the price adjustments you've made to be able to pass them through? Just given the guidance, it seems like you must feel pretty comfortable with that. But just want to ask you.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, as far as where we feel we are today, we think we're in reasonably good position as the market stands currently. We do monitor prices across the U.S. on a regular basis. And if we see the same type of stability that we currently see, then yes, we do feel pretty good about our position. If we see prices change, then we're going to react accordingly. We're not going to find ourselves in the position we found ourselves late in 2008 and early 2009. Our folks have worked too hard to recover from that. So we'll react more quickly, but we don't see anything out there today that suggests to us that, that's going to happen. As far as our ability to pass prices on, we pass price increases on the same day that they're effective to us in three of our four businesses. In our fourth business, which is Industrial, we do have some contractual business that only allows us to pass price increases at predetermined times during the length of the contract, and we will honor that. But then we'll go back to our vendors in order to get some pricing support for those particular accounts in order to try to keep it from influencing our margins.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over to our presenters for any closing remarks.
Jerry Nix: Christa, thank you. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today. We felt like we had a good quarter and a year. We, again, are very appreciative to all the Genuine Parts Company associates that contributed to that. We look forward to talking to you in April to discuss our first quarter results.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey – Senior Vice President, Finance Tom Gallagher – Chairman, President and CEO Jerry Nix – Vice Chairman and CFO
Analysts: Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs Austin Paul – RBC Capital Markets Elizabeth Lane – Bank of America Gregory Melich – ISI Group Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company Keith Hughes – SunTrust Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company Bill Selesky – Argus Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Teresa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Release. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Good morning. And thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts third quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for the remainder of the year. Before we begin, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company and its management, statements of future economic performance and assumptions underlying these statements regarding the company and its business. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call and once we’ve concluded our remarks we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning we released our third quarter 2010 results and hopefully, you’ve had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have yet seen the numbers, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2,951 billion, which was up 13%. Net income was $131.8 million, which was up 22% and earnings per share were $0.83 this year, compared to $0.67 in the third quarter of 2009, and EPS increase was 24%. So from our perspective we had another solid performance in the quarter and that now puts us up 11% in revenue through the nine months plus 19% in net income and earnings per share are up 20%. We are proud of the job that has been done by the GPC team through the nine months and as a result, we feel that we are well positioned as we enter the final quarter of the year. In looking at the third quarter results by business segment, our two industrial related businesses continue to generate the biggest increases. Motion Industries, our Industrial distribution company was up 29% in the quarter and EIS, our Electrical distribution business was up 31%. In the case of Motion Industries, they were up 9% in the first quarter then plus 26% in Q2 and now up 29% in Q3, so the year’s got progressively stronger for them. Certainly, the acquisition of BC Bearing earlier in the year has had a nice impact on the second and third quarter results. However, when we back out the impact of the BC Bearing acquisition, the ongoing Industrial operations were up 23% in the quarter and this follows an 18% increase from these operations in the second quarter. So the underlying business remained strong and we continue to be encouraged by the composition and the distribution of the business. A review of our top 12 product categories shows that all 12 were up double digits in the quarter and our top 10 industry groups had a combined increase of over 25% and each of our geographic regions had strong performances as well. So we continue to feel good about our Industrial operations and with the external indices like industrial production and capacity utilization continuing to look favorable at the current levels, we feel that they are position and turn in another solid quarter over the final three months of the year. Our Electrical results were positively impacted by the acquisition of Seacoast wire and cable that was completed as of September 1st. Seacoast distributes specialty wire and cable primarily into the marine and land-based oil and gas exploration industries. It has annual revenues of just over $40 million and they will make a nice addition to our Electrical business. Acquisitions added about 9% to our third quarter Electrical sales and increase in copper pricing added another 3%, which means that the underlying business was up 19% in the quarter, and as with industrial, the increase is broad based from a customer, product and geographic perspective. As a result, we continue to feel good about the job that’s being done by the EIS team and their outlook for continued progress in the months ahead is favorable. Moving on to Automotive, we are pleased to report another solid quarter for this group. Our Automotive operations were up 7% in the quarter and this follows a 7% increase in the second quarter, and 6% increases in the first quarter of this year and the fourth quarter of last year. So we like the trend of consistency and stability that has been established over the past four quarters by our automotive team and our expectation is the more of the same in the quarters ahead. Continuing a pattern that we reported in the second quarter, we were pleased to see both our company owned store group and the independently owned NAPA stores each grew at comparable rates in the quarter, indicating a good balance in our overall sales. Within our company store group, our commercial and wholesale business was up 9% in the quarter and you may recall that this follows a 9% increase in the second quarter, so we continue to make good progress in this important segment. Retail business was up 5% in the quarter for our company store group and we’re showing steady improvement in growing our retail business. Within the commercial segment, our NAPA AutoCare and major account businesses were each up double digits, continuing a similar pattern from the second quarter and they were up double digits year-to-date as well. So we’re seeing nice growth in these two important segments of our commercial business. Our fleet category, which includes the smaller independent contractors on up to the large over the road trucking companies was up mid-single digits and we are encouraged by the gradual sequential improvement that we have seen with these customers over the first three quarters of the year and based upon the increase in the truck tonnage statistics over the past few quarters, we think that this is sustainable in the months ahead. Putting all together, we feel that automotive team has performed well through the nine months of the year and with the encouraging trends that we see in many parts of the business we would expect this to continue on into the fourth quarter. And finally, a few comments about Office Products. This is the one segment of our overall company that is encountering the most challenging environment right now. S. P. Richards our Office Products Company was down four-tenths of 1% in the quarter and they’re down 1% year-to-date. Our business with the independent Office Products resellers was up low-single digits once again in the quarter, continuing a very gradual sequential improvement that we have seen over the past few quarters, which is a bit encouraging. But this was offset by another double-digit decrease in our major accounts segment. On the product side, office supplies and technology products had low single-digit decreases, while the cleaning and breakroom and furniture categories continued to show growth for us. The major issue facing the industry and S. P. Richards right now is office worker employment. There has been a significant contraction in the number of office workers over the past two years and this has resulted in a drop in consumption of office products across the industry. So it’s a challenging environment for our Office Products team but we continue to feel that they should turn modestly positive in the fourth quarter. So that’s a quick review of the revenue picture for the quarter. At this point, we’ll ask Jerry to take a few minutes to review the financials. Jerry?
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We’ll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back for a quick recap and guidance update, and then we’ll open the call up to your questions. (Inaudible) income statement shows the following, total sales were up 13% to $2.95 billion for the third quarter and as Tom mentioned, this follows a 12% increase for the second quarter. We’re encouraged to be able to continue our positive sales momentum this quarter particularly in our Industrial, Electrical and Automotive businesses. For the nine months ended in September our sales now stand at $8.4 billion up 11% from 2009. Gross profit in the third quarter decreased 45 basis points to 28.9% of sales, compared to 29.4% in the third quarter last year, although down, this decline reflects a sequential improvement in our year-over-year comparisons. For the year, gross margin $29.0 is now down approximately 56 basis points from $29.56 for the nine months through September last year. We’ve got work to do to improve our gross margins and our management teams are very aware of and focused on this challenge. Overall, we believe there is opportunity for growth -- for future gross margin expansion. But that said, we are up against a very strong gross margin achieved in the first -- fourth quarter of ‘09, so to clarify, we did not expect to realize gross margin expansion in this year’s fourth quarter relative to last year. We do however believe that we’ll show sequential gross margin improvement from the third quarter. For the year through September, our accounting pricing, which represents supplier increases to us was plus four-tenths of 1% in the Automotive, plus 2.1% in the Industrial, plus three-tenths of 1% in Office Products and plus 3.6% in Electrical. Now let’s look at SG&A, for the third quarter SG&A expenses of $641 million were up 7.7% from $595 million for the same period in 2009. As a percent to sales this marked 110 basis point improvement to 21.7% versus 22.8% last year. For the nine months in 2010, SG&A stands at $1.9 billion, 5.7% increase from the same period in ‘09 and a 22.1% of sales, which is 106 basis point improvement from last year. Decrease in expenses as a percentage of sales for the quarter and nine months is largely due to the benefit of greater leverage associated with our sales growth, combined with our cost reduction efforts over the last few years. You may recall that in the recessionary period of 2009, we eliminated over $75 million in operating costs. We feel we’ve done a pretty good job of keeping these costs out thus far in 2010 even with our strong sales growth. For example, over the course of 2008 and 2009, we reduced our employee headcount by approximately 12% and this was significant for us as payroll and related benefits running about 60% of our total SG&A line. This year through September, we’ve added back less than 1% of that headcount on 11% sales increase. So our deposition and control in this expense has been meaningful. In the third quarter we also benefited from approximately $8 million in favorable adjustments associated with our pension and retirement plans, which we had not anticipated. Our July 1st actuarial review to re-measure our pension liability resulted in a $5 million benefit, while our quarterly retirement plan valuation adjustment produced a $3 million gain. We’re pleased with our progress in controlling costs thus far in 2010 and our management team remains focused on tightly managing our expenses going forward. Now let’s look at segment information, Automotive had revenue in the quarter $1,481.3 billion, representing 50% of the total and that was an increase of 7%. They had operating profit of $124.1 million, an increase of 15%, so solid operating margin improvement from 7.8% to 8.4%. The Industrial Group had revenue in the quarter of $921.2 million, represents 31% of the total and that was up 29%, operating profit of $72.9 million up 100%, so outstanding margin expansion there from 5.1% in ‘09 to 7.9% for this quarter. Office Products, revenue in the quarter $434.5 million, representing 15% of the total and that was down four-tenths of 1%, and operating profit of $26.7 million, which was flat. So they did a good job on the slight decrease in sales, maintaining operating margin 6.1%. Electrical Group had revenue in the quarter of $117.3 million, representing 4% of the total that was up 31%, operating profit of $8.4 million up 23%, so that margin still very healthy at 7.2% of sales. Now looking at the nine months, Automotive had sales for the nine months $4,231.4 billion up 7%, operating profit of $339.0 million up 8%, so margins going from 7.9% to 8.0% for the nine months. The Industrial Group, revenue for nine months $2,606.7 billion up 21%, operating profit $181.8 million up 78% and margins just 7.0%. Office Products, revenue in the quarter, I mean, sorry for the nine months, $1,247 billion that was down 1%, operating profit was $93.7 million down 5% and operating margins for the nine months of 7.5%. The Electrical Group, nine months revenue $324.2 million up 27%, operating profit of $22.2 million up 26% and operating margins just 6.8% for the nine months. I want to mention again this quarter that in addition to our segment results just discussed, total net sales benefited from other sales line, which remains a much lower deduction from sales when compared to 2009. This line represents a net effect of discounts, incentives and freight billed and as freight expense increases with improved sales volume we have a lower deduction to sales. We continue to view this as a more normal range for this line similar to our deduction in 2008 and 2007. Total operating profit margin for the third quarter improved 110 basis points from 7.9 -- to 7.9% from 6.8% in the third quarter of ‘09. For the nine months, our operating margin is up 60 basis points to 7.6% from 7.0% last year. Improved expense leverage associated with our sales increase well as our cost reduction efforts have driven the increase in operating margin for both the quarter and the year, and we are encouraged by this progress. A net interest expense of $6.6 million and $20.0 million for the quarter and nine months, respectively, which is down slightly from same periods in 2009. We continue to expect our net interest to be $26 to $28 million for 2010. The other category which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority or non-controlling interest was $12.9 million expense in the third quarter and is $41.2 million for the nine months through September. This quarter expenses up approximately $13 million from the third quarter last year, primarily due to higher expenses for incentive based comp, such as bonuses and options, recorded in association with our improved earnings results. In addition, we are up against a $4 million gain on the buyout of leased assets recorded in the third quarter last year, as well as less favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment this quarter versus 2009. For the full year, we currently project a total other category be in the $45 to $50 million range. For the quarter, tax rate was approximately 38.0%, which is consistent with last quarter and up from 36.9% in the third quarter last year. Increase in the tax rate from last year is due to the higher state income taxes and less favorable retirement plan adjustment just mentioned. Currently we expect the tax rate for 2010 to remain at approximately 38.0%. Net income for the quarter was $131.8 million that was up 22%, EPS of $0.83 compared to $0.67 last year up 24%. For the year, net income $356.9 million up 19%, EPS is $2.25 compared to $1.88 in ‘09, which is up 20%. Now let’s touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at September 30th increased to $532 million, which is up $169 million from September 30th last year. We continue to build our cash position from increased earnings and an improved working capital position and as we’ll discuss in more detail later, we have used our cash to fund several ongoing priorities such as the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases. We add that in the third quarter we also used $27 million in cash to fund our pension plan as is actuarially required from time to time. Accounts receivable of $1.39 billion increased 12% from last year on a 13% increase in sales for the third quarter. We’re pleased with the level and quality of our receivables and we remain diligent in monitoring the finance condition of our customers and their ability to pay. Thus limiting our exposure to write-offs and ensuring the adequacy of our reserve for bad debts. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth. Inventory at September 30, was $2.18 billion including $35 million in acquisitions but is down slightly from September 30th last year and down 1.4% or approximately $32 million from December 31st last year. We continue to manage this key investment tightly as we believe there’s more room for improvement. Also able to improve our accounts payable position again this quarter with payables increasing to $1.37 billion, a 22% increase from this time last year and is up 25% from December 31st. Our progress thus far in 2010 reflects the impact of increased inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volume this year, as well as extended terms and other payable initiatives with our vendors. Improvement in our accounts payable position, our based payable continued to improve and we remain pleased with the positive direction of this working capital category. With our progress in the key areas of receivables, inventory and accounts payable, working capital of $2.67 billion at September 30th is up 3% from September 30th last year and is up 2% from working capital at December 31, ‘09, encouraged with our progress in managing working capital and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. We continue to generate solid cash flows, as I mentioned earlier our strong cash position provides us with the financial flexibility to consider many investment opportunities. After record year for cash flows in ‘09 we’re projecting another strong year in 2010 and currently estimate cash from operations of approximately $750 million and free cash flow after deducting CapEx and dividends of approximately $400 million. We are encouraged by the continued strength of our cash flows and remain committed to the priorities for the use of our cash. These priorities, first, the dividend in which we paid every year since going public in 1948 and raised for 54 consecutive years. Our 2010 annual dividend were $1.64 per share was increased from $1.60 per share paid in 2009. Additionally, we continue to use our cash towards the ongoing reinvestment in each of our businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases. Capital expenditures, $31 million for the third quarter is up from the $12 million invested in the third quarter last year. For the nine months in 2010 CapEx is $59 million, compared to $49 million in ‘09. We anticipate our CapEx spend to pick up over the second half of the year, so we’re on target with our planned investments. Currently we expect CapEx spending to be in the range of $85 to $95 million for the full year, vast majority of these investments relate to productivity enhancing projects primarily in technology. Related depreciation and amortization $22.1 million in the quarter and $67.4 million for the nine months, which are both in line with the same periods in 2009, for the year D&A will likely hold fairly steady with ‘09 in the $85 to $95 million range. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash and integral to our growth plans for the company. Seacoast acquisition mentioned by Tom marked our third acquisition for the year and we continue to evaluate additional acquisition opportunities as they present themselves. We remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy and generally target both to all types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 to $100 million range, although there are certainly exceptions such as the BC Bearing acquisition earlier this year. We intend to follow a similar pattern of strategic acquisitions in the future and would add that we’re currently evaluating several opportunities. In the third quarter of 2010 we used our cash to repurchase approximately 152,000 shares of our company’s stock under the company’s stock repurchase program. Year-to-date, we purchased approximately 1.8 million shares and today we have approximately 16.1 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. We’ve got no set pattern for these repurchases but we expect to remain active in the program because we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. Total debt at September 30, 2010 remains unchanged at $500 million and includes $250 million, which matures in November 2011 and $250 million due in November of 2013. Total debt to total capitalization September 30th 15.3% and we’re comfortable with our capital structure at this time. In closing, we are highly encouraged by the recent strength of our operations and we move forward in the final quarter of 2010 with great confidence in our growth strategies and the positive fundamentals of each of our businesses. While our comparisons get slightly more difficult in the fourth quarter following three consecutive periods of solid growth, we’re confident in our ability to drive continued improvement in sales and earnings in the fourth quarter and into 2011. We’ll continue to support our growth with a strong and healthy balance sheet, sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders. This concludes our financial review. I’ll conclude my comments by expressing our appreciation to all of our dedicated GPC associates. Their hard work remains the foundation of our success and we’re very proud of this group. Also want to thank our customers and suppliers. We also appreciate their continued support. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that recaps our third quarter and nine month results and with the year-to-date sales up 11% and earnings up 20%, we feel that the GPC team has done a good job both on the operating side, as well as on the balance sheet side over the first three quarters of the year and we’re proud of their efforts. Now, as far as the final quarter of the year is concerned, we would expect fourth quarter revenues to be up in the 9% to 11% range and that would put us up 10% to 11% for the year, which is an increase from our prior guidance. At the same time, we need to raise our full year earnings guidance going from $2.70 to $2.80 that was given at the end of the second quarter to $2.90 to $2.95 and we think this is more appropriate now. At the $2.90 to $2.95 level this would put us up 16% to 18% for the year, which we think would represent a pretty good performance by the GPC team. At this point, we’d like to open up the call to your individual questions and we’ll turn it back over to Teresa.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Tony.
Jerry Nix: Good morning.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: I wanted to start off and Tom maybe this is a little bit bigger picture question, but when you look at your businesses today, it’s clear the adjustments you’ve made in auto are working. The late cycle Industrial business that you have continues to be quite impressive from a growth standpoint and I guess, the lag remains sort of the office side of the business for obvious reasons. Are there any specific levers or initiatives that you can discuss in more detail that you may have underway that allow for an acceleration in growth in this segment, in spite of unemployment and some of the other macro factors we’re seeing today?
Tom Gallagher: Tony, I would say that we do think as I mentioned in my comments that we’ll turn modestly positive over the final three months of the year and at this point, our expectation is for low to mid single-digit growth in Office Products next year. We don’t expect significant improvement from the employment picture at least until the latter part of next year anyway and it’s going to be driven the growth that we do get, is going to be driven by some of the initiatives that are underway. I’d prefer not to get into the detail of those for competitive reasons. But, we’re encouraged by the work that’s being done in a number of different areas by the Office Products team and actually feel like we put the worst behind us in that industry and while the recovery will be gradual, we are optimistic about a recovery in 2011.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And when you look then at your other businesses, do you -- would you say that the recovery and the progression you’ve seen to date now is pretty much in line with where you would have expected or would you maybe think you are a little bit ahead or perhaps a little behind in any of the segments?
Tom Gallagher: I think in the case of the Industrial related businesses, we’re a little bit above where we would have thought, that -- both businesses, Industrial and Electrical have performed even above our expectations and we’re really proud of the job that those teams have done. With that said, we’re optimistic that they’ll continue to perform well for us over the remaining months of this year and on into next but our comps get a good bit more difficult as we get into the second quarter of next year, but we’re optimistic about continued strong performance from both of those right now. As far as Automotive, I think the team has done a really nice job of coming back from where we found ourselves about 18 months ago and our expectation is that they’re performing in line with where they thought they would be and will continue to perform about where we are right now, we think for the quarters ahead.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And maybe one last question and maybe for Jerry, when you look at -- you talked about the headcount and SG&A up only modestly even as we alluded to (inaudible) the Q&A on your prepared remarks about growth of the business. And at what point do you see you having to maybe add back a little bit more aggressively on the SG&A front or have some of the changes or costs that you’ve taken out, are they more permanent in nature?
Jerry Nix: Difficult question to answer, Tony, some of it is permanent in nature because the rationalization of facilities and so forth. I don’t see us aggressively adding back. We’re going to resist adding back and we’ll add back as we have to if we see that we have service levels and so forth. But I know our folks out running these businesses are very cognizant of that and expense great and we talk about that at each of our meetings. So I would not expect to see a big pick back up in our SG&A. I think that from a percent of sales basis, we will continue to show improvement, $75million last year that we took out, we thought that we might add maybe $20 to $25 of that back this year. But that we didn’t project the revenue growth being as strong in Industrial and Electrical as it is. So it may be a little north of that but at this point, I think we’ll continue to resist adding any of those expenses back and only put them back in when we have to.
Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you very much guys.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot. Good morning and congratulations on your strong results.
Tom Gallagher: Thanks.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: The first question I’d like to ask, just follow-up on the Industrial business and the volume rebate story, obviously, this was a deficit for you in 2009. Can you talk about the degree to which you’ve been able to reclaim some of these and to what degree that’s worked into your 2010 outlook, please?
Jerry Nix: Matt, it is built in, we’re assuring, we are projecting some increase because business is up but we’re continuing to decrease the inventory in the Industrial sector at the same time. I would say if you look at the improvement in the Industrial profits that probably a third of their improvements has come from the improved incentives, a third of them from just pure leverage and a third of them from those permanent cost reductions that we talked about. So we will have some lift in the incentives for the year, simply because of stronger revenue growth but I can’t quantify that for you at this time. I would say a third, a third, a third is probably a pretty good breakdown if you look at that profit improvement.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: And Jerry, I know that your inventory has been lean all year in all of your businesses and I guess it was flat year-to-year despite the sales increases, what did your inventory look like year-on-year in Industrial?
Jerry Nix: We could be down probably $40 to $50 million there in Industrial and in Office Products maybe flat to up a little bit, Automotive maybe flat to up or down a little bit. So in total, we’ll still have an inventory decrease for the year but the significant decrease will be in the Industrial sector.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Got it. I guess the second question I have relates to Automotive, specifically you’re now starting to cycle some price cuts that commenced a year ago. Can you talk about how that’s flowed through your topline, how it’s flowed through your margin line and whether we’re now done essentially netting those into the numbers?
Jerry Nix: Well, as far as the known adjustments, Matt, I’d say we’re done but, you know, we found ourselves not being on the top of our game when we got into this a little over a year ago. So our folks are very, very vigilant right now, just watching what’s going on. I don’t know of anything currently that is in need of any adjustments. So I’d say that we’ve cycled the ones that we knew we had to do and what we’re seeing now is pretty much a comp performance year-over-year.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Great. And then my final question relates to cash deployment. Your cash flow generation is stellar. Your cash balance is way above where we thought it would be, part of that is working capital, part of it also was the relatively small buyback in the third quarter. And you have been pretty astute buyers of your stock, pretty consistently. What is your thinking about buybacks versus other uses of capital, given the cash flow is strong and the tone of business seems strong?
Jerry Nix: Matt, we will still be acquiring our stock. We have a couple of acquisitions that we hope may come to fruition between now and the end of the year or the first part of 2011. Our position has always been that we try to buy on weakness and our stock has moved up here in the second -- in the third quarter. So we didn’t jump in and buy a lot of it. But if the stock stabilizes at a certain price and then it starts to back off. And our pattern has been that we’ll go back in and then buy off the weakness of that higher level. But we continued to view the stock as favorable and, frankly, if you look at the cash that we have and what we are earning on cash today with a dividend yield of about 3.5, 4%, then that’s a proper thing to do. But we’re being deliberate and trying to balance that against acquisitions.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you so very much.
Jerry Nix: Bye. Thanks.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Austin Paul – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. This is Austin on for Scot today.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning. 
Jerry Nix: Good morning. 
Austin Paul – RBC Capital Markets: In the Automotive business, you provided some figures on the retail versus the commercial side and also on fleet. I was wondering if there was any additional color you could provide on retail versus commercial trends and also trends on the fleet side?
Tom Gallagher: Well, maybe we’ll take them in reverse order. In terms of the fleet, our fleet business really suffered last year as you may recall and we started to see a little bit of improvement in the first quarter. And then we saw sequentially further improvement in the second and on into the third quarter. We’re still only growing at mid single digits but certainly much better than what we experienced last year. We look at different indices but one of the things we track is truck tonnage and truck tonnage last year was down 8%. We saw it finish the year in the fourth quarter flat then it was up about 4.5% in the first quarter and then through mid year it was up about 9.1% in the second quarter. So we see that as a positive and what we hear anecdotally from our people is that that should continue at least to be in a modest growth pattern for us over the remainder of the year. Retail business in the second and third quarters was better than what it was in the first quarter. And we like some of the things we see with some of the initiatives that our merchandising team is doing right now. So we think that one will continue to perform at a reasonable level for us. The commercial business has actually gotten progressively stronger as the year has gone on and that’s especially true in our two primary commercial programs, NAPA AutoCare and major account. And we just couldn’t be any proud of the job that our people are doing on the commercial side of the business. We were up 9% in both the second and third quarter. And we think that’s pretty good growth on the base that we have in the commercial business. And we’re optimistic that we can stay in and around that number going forward.
Austin Paul – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much. 
Tom Gallagher: Thank you. 
Jerry Nix: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Lane – Bank of America: Good morning, guys. This is Elizabeth Lane on for John.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning.
Elizabeth Lane – Bank of America: I just have a couple of quick questions for you. One is about margins, particularly for Auto and Industrial. And Auto margins have historically been as high as 8.5 to 11% even and in Industrial around nine. And I was wondering if you think we can get back to those levels any time in the next few years or if the competitive landscape seems to be such that it’s more unlikely to get back to that kind of range?
Jerry Nix: Elizabeth, it’s not in the cards for us to get Automotive margins back to 11 to 11.5%. Those were different times and it was different makeup of our Automotive sector. And also we had different competition at that time. I think we’ve shown improvement in the Automotive margins thus far this year. We’ll continue, I think to do that. Long range, our target for Automotive operating margins is to get them back to the 8 to 8.5% range.
Elizabeth Lane – Bank of America: Okay. Great. And my other question is because you’ve often given some expectations on growth for each segment broken out. And I was wondering if you have an update for those expectations?
Tom Gallagher: I can handle that, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Lane – Bank of America: Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: For Automotive for the quarter, fourth quarter, we’re talking or thinking 6 to 8%. For the Industrial business, we’re thinking 18 to 22%. For the Office Products, flat to just up a bit, couple of points and then for the Electrical business, we’re thinking 25 to 30%.
Elizabeth Lane – Bank of America: Great. Thanks very much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Jerry Nix: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Melich with ISI Group.
Gregory Melich – ISI Group: Hi. Thanks guys. Couple questions. Wonder if you could just get into the gross margin a bit on the rebate issue and the mix. I mean, that’s the continuing to run down. Obviously, there was the repricing actions last year in Auto. Basically, if it wasn’t for the Industrial mix, would gross margins have been up if you look at the category level and was that basically driven by rebates?
Jerry Nix: No, Greg, rebates play a factor into that but our gross margin is under pressure in all of our businesses, Office Products and the Automotive and it’s driven by a lot of things, customer mix and competitive situations. You know, at the second quarter call, someone asked the question about how strong we were in the fourth quarter operating margin last year and that was a one-time large LIFO adjustment within the Industrial sector. I think if you look forward, we made sequential improvement in our gross margin each quarter this year. We will not make that improvement in the fourth quarter. I think you can project out that we will be in 29.5 to 30% gross operating -- gross margin for the fourth quarter.
Gregory Melich – ISI Group: Great.
Jerry Nix: But it is not all rebate-driven. It’s a lot of factors that play into that.
Gregory Melich – ISI Group: Got you. And then the receivables were up 13%, was that basically Industrial or Auto? Where was -- what was driving that?
Jerry Nix: Actually, the receivables in total up, 12 on that 13% sales increase. But basically what happened is each one of them up a little bit in line with our revenue growth. You know, most of the time, receivables kind of play into whatever the last month’s sales growth was. And we had a strong sales month in September, so receivables are pretty much in line -- in each of the segments in line with the sales growth.
Gregory Melich – ISI Group: Okay. And which brings me to the last question which is can you help us on the quarterly -- monthly progression within the quarter in terms of sales?
Tom Gallagher: It was fairly consistent going through the quarter, Greg.
Gregory Melich – ISI Group: And that would have been true across the business lines or was there anything in auto that would have moved around at all?
Tom Gallagher: No. It was pretty consistent each month of the quarter. 
Gregory Melich – ISI Group: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Tom Gallagher: All right. Thanks, Greg.
Jerry Nix: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Could you talk about on the Automotive side, were there any regions in the country that showed particular weakness or strength?
Tom Gallagher: No, not beyond the normal ranges that we see. You know, we have always got a couple that are a point or two above and a couple that are a point or two below the average. But no, it was a normal distribution for us.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: And specifically, could you talk about California?
Tom Gallagher: Sure. California business is not bad.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Okay. And could you talk about maybe on the Auto side, how things have progressed so far into October?
Tom Gallagher: They are pretty much in line with what we saw through the third quarter on a monthly basis, so pretty consistent.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: But the growth rates obviously get a little tougher?
Tom Gallagher: Well, the comparisons get tougher because we were up 6% in the fourth quarter last year and that was our best quarter of the year. That’s the quarter we started to make the turn. And as I said in my remarks, we went from -- we were up six in Q4, then six in Q1 and then seven in two and three of this year. The comparisons get a little tougher but as we also responded earlier in the Q&A, our expectation is to be up 6 to 8% in Automotive in the fourth quarter.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: All right. And Jerry, you gave some initial, I guess, stab at what the office supplies would look like on a sales basis for next year. Could you provide the same thing for the Industrial segment?
Jerry Nix: Yeah. I think Tom did that. But yeah, I think we got -- you’re talking about going into 2011?
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Yeah.
Jerry Nix: No. We don’t have any guidance to give out on 2011. We just now beginning our budgetary process and it will take some time to pull all that together. Frankly, we don’t see anything on the horizon right now that says it’s going to be any different other than the comparisons will be a little more difficult.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Okay. And last question on the office supplies, could you comment on the level of benefit that you saw last year from H1N1? And what kind of a headwind it created in the third quarter and maybe for the fourth quarter as well?
Tom Gallagher: I can’t give you the dollar amount but I can tell you that it clipped our, what we call our cleaning and breakroom supply category by 6 or 7% of growth that carried over last year into October and the early part of November. But the fourth quarter will be significantly less of a challenge than the second and third quarters were.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Great. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust: My question’s been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have a question from Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: Hi, good morning.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Brian. 
Jerry Nix: Hi.
Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: Thank you again for the color regarding priority of cash deployment. I was curious as to what you’re seeing regarding behavior of targets from an acquisition standpoint, whether you’re seeing multiples potentially coming in or pricing becoming more attractive and that allowing you to become a little more aggressive in the coming quarters.
Tom Gallagher: Brian, I’ll try to answer that. I think we see opportunities within the valuation ranges that we think are appropriate for the shareholders of Genuine Parts Company. But we don’t see significant moderation in expectations. We see enough that we have got a few discussions that are going on that hopefully will lead to something positive. On the other hand, we do see evidence of some private equity money coming back in. And we will have to wait a little bit to see what that does with valuations. But right now, we are optimistic about our ability to maybe get a couple of deals done over the next quarter or two. Keep in mind that the general range for our acquisitions would be 20, $25 million on up to $100 million. We’ll go above that but usually we’re in that lower range.
Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: Right. Understood. So in the absence, let’s say private equity money starts to tick up some of the multiples and make acquisitions too pricy, you will go immediately to the dividend or the share repurchase at 14 times here?
Tom Gallagher: That would be the normal thing, yeah.
Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: Okay. And then just one last, you gave pricing year-to-date. How did pricing compare in the quarter, Q2 or Q3 versus Q2?
Tom Gallagher: I can’t give it to you Q3 versus Q2 but I can give it to you for the year.
Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: And that would be great.
Jerry Nix: What we have, Brian, we had four-tenth of a percent in Automotive with one-tenth percent of that coming in Q3. Okay. Then in the Industrial side, we had 2.1 for the ninth months and 1.2% of that coming in the third quarter. And then Office Products was flat and at three-tenth of 1% and then the Electrical Group had 3.6 for the nine months with 1.3% of that coming in the third quarter.
Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: All right. That’s great. Thank you very much. Nice quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you very much.
Jerry Nix: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Bill Selesky with Argus Research.
Bill Selesky – Argus Research: Well, thank you and congratulations on a strong quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Bill Selesky – Argus Research: I actually had two questions. The first being on vendor rebates during the quarter. I know vendor rebates normally affect you more in the Office Products and Industrial side of the business as opposed to Automotive. But can you just talk a bit about how things progressed during the quarter? And my second question was on pension obligations. I think you made a voluntary payment in Q3. Could you tell me what you have left in 2010, if any and what the situation would be in 2011?
Jerry Nix: I’ll take that in reverse order. The pension, we don’t -- do not need to and will not make another contribution in 2010. The size of the contribution that we’ll be required to make in 2011, if any, will be dependent upon an actuarial calculation. And it frankly will be dependent upon a return of assets, the pension plan earned in 2010 and be dependent upon the discount rates that nobody knows where that will be at year end. So that one is low too much up in the air to give you an answer.
Bill Selesky – Argus Research: Okay.
Jerry Nix: So, we’ll make the required contributions whatever actuarially they come in and tell us that we need to make. And then your question about the incentives, just tell you how that works and what we do basically is we project out what we think the purchases of each of the business units are going to be for the full year. And then based upon the inventory turnover, how much of that would be required to be left into your -- in the value of the inventory. Then the difference there, we take that and we have to go through it and allocate out what we think will be an equal distribution for each of the four quarters. We do the best we can there. And our audit firm comes in and reviews that behind us. But at the end of the day, that’s still an estimate. And so our folks that negotiate these plans with our suppliers based on percentages of what their purchases are and that’s all determined by how good business is and how we manage our inventory levels. But I can’t really tell you each quarter how much that is or isn’t at this point. I hope that answered your question.
Bill Selesky – Argus Research: Yeah. That’s fine. I appreciate that. That’s very helpful. Thanks very much.
Jerry Nix: All right. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Jerry Nix: We appreciate all of you joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you when we have our year end and fourth quarter results. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey - SVP, Finance & Corporate Secretary Thomas Gallagher - President & CEO Jerry Nix - EVP, Finance & CFO
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Market Mike Montani - ISI Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital John Murphy - Bank of America Himanshu Patel - JPMorgan Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli Company Keith Hughes - SunTrust Scott Stember - Sidoti  
Operator: Good morning my name is Shawn and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to Genuine Parts Second Quarter Earning's Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary. Thank you, you may begin our conference.
Carol Yancey:  Thank you, good morning and we thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings conference call to discuss our recent results and the outlook for the reminder of 2010. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking stalemates such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items. Statements on the plans and objectives of the company and its management, statements of future economic performance and assumptions underlining these statements regarding the company and its business. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligations to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Thomas Gallagher our, Chairman, President and CEO, Tom.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you Carol, I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call, and once we have concluded our remarks we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Now early this morning we released our second quarter 2010 results and hopefully you've had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that the sales for the quarter were $2.847 billion, which was up 12%. Net income was a $124.5 million, which was up 20% and earnings per share were $0.78 this year compared to $0.65 in the second quarter of 2009 and the EPS increase was 20%. After being up 6% in sales and 13% in earnings in the first quarter, we were pleased to show continued improvement and further strengthening in our results in the second quarter. That now puts us up 9% in sales for the 6 months and up 17% in both net income and earnings per share on a year-to-day basis and we feel that we are in a good position at the halfway point in the year.  And looking at the second quarter results by business segment; our two industrial related businesses continue to generate strong increases. Motion Industries, our Industrial Distribution segment was up 26% in sales in the quarter and EIS, our electrical distribution business was up 32%. Now a portion of the Motion increase is attributable to the BC Bearing acquisition that was completed on March 1st of this year. We mentioned this in our last call and the addition of the BC Bearing operations has strengthened our position in Western Canada and the Northwestern part of the U.S. We're pleased with the early results from this acquisition. We're also pleased that the on-going or underlying business at Motion was up a very solid 18% in the quarter and then looking at the results in a bit more detail, we see a consistent pattern of sales improvement, both geographically and from a product and customer perspective as well. Our top 12 product categories were up over 20% with every category showing a double digit improvement and our top 10 customer segments were also up over 20%. So we feel that we are seeing a broad and balanced performance within our industrial business which gives us reason for optimism as we look towards the remainder of the year. Our results in the electrical segment were also up, netted by a small acquisition that was done at the beginning of the year as well as the increase in corporate pricing but the underlying business for EIS was up 22% in the quarter which we feel is a very strong performance. And as with our industrial business, the increase is broad based and fairly consistent across their product and customer categories, which is encouraging. Both Motion and EIS sell into the manufacturing segment of the economy which continues to perform well right now. Industrial Production, Capacity Utilization and Purchasing Manager's Index all remained positive and encouraging, despite some recent moderation. As you will recall, these industries have historically been six to nine months leading indicators for industrial and electrical businesses and at the current levels, they present an encouraging picture throughout the remainder of the year. Moving onto Automotive, we're pleased to see continued stability and improvement in this segment of our business. Our Automotive operations were up 7% in the second quarter, and this follows 6% improvements in the first quarter of this year and the fourth quarter of 2009. So we feel that our Automotive segment has firmed up and it is moving in the right direction. Looking a little deeper into the results, we were pleased to see that both our company store group and our independently owned NAPA stores continued to grow at comparable rates in the quarter showing a good balance in our overall sales. Within our company store group, our commercial or wholesale business was up 9% in the quarter and our retail business was up 6%. Both showed nice improvements over the first quarter results and within the commercial segment we had solid performances in our two largest wholesale initiatives, not to NAPA Auto Care and Major Accounts. Each of these programs was up 10% in the quarter and we continue to be pleased with the progress being made in these two important areas. Additionally, our fleet business is starting to stabilize for us. You will recall that the fleet category consists of customers at range from small independent contractor or landscape-type companies owned up to the large over the road trucking companies. In total it represents approximately 20 to 25% of our business. The fleet category ran decreases throughout all of 2009 but then was essentially flat in the first quarter this year and it was up 4% in the second quarter. So we are encouraged by this and we hope to see further improvement as the year progresses. Putting it all together, we feel we had a solid performance from our Automotive Group in the second quarter and we're encouraged by some of the trends that we are seeing and as a result, we look for continued good sales growth from Automotive over the second half of the year. And finally, a few comments on office products which ended the quarter down 1%. We continue to encounter a sluggish end market and those of you who follow the industry know that this is fairly consistent across all industry participants. With that said however, we did see several bright spots in the quarter. And looking at the performance by customers segment, we were pleased to see that our independent customer base generated low single-digit growth after being down 5% in 2009. our independent business was flat in the first quarter and now up low single digits in the second quarter. So, we are encouraged by the positive trend that we see with our independent reseller group, but this was offset by a low double digit decrease in our major account segment in the quarter.  On the product side, we had a double digit increase in the furniture category, which we attribute largely to the repositioning of the line as mentioned in our last call, and we're pleased with the results thus far. In our remaining three product categories, we are basically flat in technology products and cleaning and breakroom supplies, and then down mid-single digits in our core office supplies.  As a point of information, the results in the cleaning and the breakroom supplies were impacted by the spike in demand last year from the H1N1 situation, and we will be up against this in the third and early fourth quarter as well, but the underlying cleaning and breakroom remains solid. Through mid-year, our Office Products Group is down 1%, and as mentioned earlier, the industry conditions remained challenging due to the significant contraction in office work and employment over the past two years.  However, we continue to feel that this business will turn slightly positive over the second half of the year. So, that's a quick overview of the revenue picture for the quarter, and at this time I'll turn it over to Jerry to comment on the financial side. Jerry?
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We’ll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back for a quick recap and guidance update and then we'll open the call up to your questions.  A review of the income statement shows the following; total sales were up 12% to $2.8 billion for the second quarter following a 6% sales increase in the first quarter. We are pleased expansion improved sales momentum this quarter with solid growth in automotive and especially strong results in our industrial and electrical businesses. For the six months ended in June, our sales stand at 5.4 billion up 9% from 2009. Gross profit in the second quarter decreased 50 basis points to 28.9% of sales, compared to 29.4% in the second quarter last year. Although down, this decline is less than the 70 point decrease experienced in the first quarter and for the year, gross margin of 29.1% is now down approximately 60 basis points from 29.7 for the six months through June last year.  As we mentioned in our last quarter's call, that decrease thus far in 2010 primarily reflects the margin pressures in our automotive and office businesses. In automotive, the price and actions we took during the April to September timeframe last year has yet to fully annualize. And in office we continue to experienced competitive pricing pressures associated with the tough employment conditions affecting that industry.  We had anticipated these headwinds impacting our gross margins to the second and third quarter of 2010, and to a lesser degree each period. Clearly, we have more work to do here and our management teams are focused on improving this line. So, look into the fourth quarter and into 2011, we believe there is opportunity for gross margin expansion. In the meantime, we will continue to offset the decreases in gross margin line with cost savings and overall improvement in operating expenses. For the year through June, our cumulative pricing which represents supply increases to us was plus 3/10% in automotive, plus 9/10% in Industrial, plus 3/10% in Office Products and plus 2.3% in Electrical. Now let's look at SG&A. For the second quarter, SG&A expense of 622 million were up 7.4% from 579 million for the same period of 2009. As a percent to sales this marked a 100 basis points improvement to 21.8%, versus 22.8% last year. For the six months in 2010, SG&A stands at $1.2 billion, a 5% increase from the same period in '09 and a 22.4% of the sales which is also a 100 basis point improvement from 23.4% last year. Decrease in expenses as a percentage of sales for the quarter and six months, is due to the benefit of greater leverage associated with our sales growth combined with our cost reduction efforts of the last few years.  We're especially pleased in our ability to show solid improvement on this line, given the comparison with the item such as the $9 million one time curtailment benefit associated with the company pension plan, which we recognized in the second quarter last year. Our management team remains focused on tightly managing our expenses. Now let's discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter $1.4597 billion, representing 51% of the total, up 7%, at operating profit in the quarter of $126 million, also up 7%. So, the operating profit margin remained virtually flat, going from 8.66% last year to 8.63% this year. Net revenue for the six months $2750.1 million, up 7% had operating profit of $214.9 million, up 5%. For the quarter, the industrial group had revenue of $882.2 million, representing 31% of the total, up 26%. They had operating profit in the quarter of $60.1 million, up an outstanding 91%. Their operating margins showed a substantial rebound going from 4.5% to 6.8% of revenue. For the six months, the industrial group had revenue $1.6855 billion, up17% and they had operating profit of $109 million, up 66%. For the quarter, office products had revenue of $402.0 million, representing 14% of the total, they were down 1% and they had operating profit of $30.5 million, down 9.5%. So, their operating margins continue to be under pressure, going from 8.3% to 7.6%. And for the six months, they had revenue $812.5 million and that was down 1%, operating profits $67.0 million, down 7%. Moving onto the electrical group, they had revenue in the quarter of $106.6 million, representing 4% of the total, up 32%, with operating profits $6.9 million, up 36.5%. So, their margins continue to be strong and showed some improvement going from 6.3% to 6.5% of sales.  For the six months the electrical group had revenue of $206.9 million, that's up 24%, operating profit $13.8 million, up 28%. We thought it would be worth while to note again this quarter, that in an addition our segment results just discussed, total net sales benefited from the other sales line, which remains a much lower deduction from sales when compared to 2009. This line represents a net effect of discounts, incentives and freight bills and as freight increases will improve sales volume, we have a lower deduction to sales. We view this as a more normal range for this line similar to our deductions in 2008 and 2007. Total operating profit margin for the second quarter improved 50 basis points to 7.9% from 7.4% in the second quarter of '09. For the six months our 7.4% operating margins are up 30 basis points from last year. The improved expense leverage associated with our sales increase as well as our cost reduction efforts drove the increase in operating margins for both the quarter and the year. We'd reminded you that in the recessionary period of 2009, we eliminated over $75 million in operating cost. We feel that we've done a pretty good job of keeping these costs out thus far in 2010, even with our strong sales growth. Add net interest expense of $6.7 million and 13.4 million for the quarter and six months respectively which is down slightly from the same period in 2009. We continue to expect our net interest to be approximately 26 to $28 million for the full year. Other category which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority of controlling interest was a $16.1 million expense in the second quarter, and is 28.3 million for the six months through June. Although up slightly in the quarter, we're down approximately $1 million on this line through June. For the full year, we continue to project that the total other category will be in the 40 to $50 million range. For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 38.0%, which is up from 37.6% in the second quarter last year. This is due to tax treatment of certainly retirement plan valuation adjustments. Currently we expect the tax rate for 2010 to remain at approximately 38.0%. Net income for the quarter, $124.5 million, was up 20% and EPS was $0.78 compared to 65 last year, also up 20%. And for the year, net income 225.1 million is up 17%, EPS $1.42 compared to $1.21 last year is also up 17%. Now let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at June 30th improved to $412 million from $239 million at June 30 last year and is up from 337 million, December 31, '09. As we will discuss in more detail later, we used our improved cash position to fund the dividend, capital expenditures, acquisitions and share repurchases. We expect to continue to generate consistently strong cash flows. Accounts receivable of $1.4 billion increased 9% from last year, a 12% increase in sales for the second quarter. We continue to feel good about the level and quality of our receivables and remain diligent in monitoring the financial condition of our customers and their ability to pay, thus limiting our exposure to write offs and ensuring the adequacy of our reserve for bad debts. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than revenue growth. Inventory at 6/30 was $2.2 billion and this includes $21 million from acquisitions but inventory is down 2%, approximately 50 million from both June 30 and December 31 of last year. We're extremely pleased with our improved level of inventories today and will continue to manage this key investment tightly. We see room for continued improvement in inventory over the balance of the year. Also we were able to improve our accounts payable position again this quarter, with payables increasing to $1.3 billion, a 21% increase from this time last year and up 18% from December 31 '09. This progress this far into 2010 was primarily due to increased inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volume this year, especially when compared to the first half of 2009 when volume was down and purchase were especially due to the recessionary environment at that time.  In addition, we have improved this line through extended terms and other payable initiatives with our vendors such as the Procurement Car Purchasing Program and use of a vendor payable program. With the improvement in our accounts payable position, our days payable continue to improve and we remain pleased with the positive direction of this working capital category. With our progress in the key areas of accounts receivable, inventory and payables, working capital of 2.6 billion at June 30, is up 5% from June 30 last year, and remain consistent with working capital at December 31 '09. We are encouraged with our progress in managing working capital and our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. We are continuing to generate solid cash flows and as mentioned earlier our strong cash position provides us with the financial flexibility to consider many investment opportunities. After a record year for cash flows in 2009, we're looking for another strong year in 2010, and currently estimate cash from operations of approximately $750 million and free cash flow after deducting capital expenditures and dividends of approximately $400 million. We are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and we remain committed to the priorities for the use of the cash. These priorities are, first the dividend, which we have paid every year since going public in 1948, and raised for 54 consecutive years. At 2010 annual dividend, our $1.64 per share was increased from $1.60 per share in '09.  Additionally, we will continue to use our cash towards the ongoing reinvestment in each of our businesses, strategic acquisitions were appropriate and share repurchases. Capital expenditures are 18.1 million for the second quarter, that's down slightly from 22.9 million invested in the second quarter last year. For the six months in 2010 CapEx of 27.9 million compared to 37.0 in '09.  Currently we expect our CapEx spending to pickup over second half of the year, and be in the range of 85 to $95 million for the full-year. Vast majority of these investments relate to productivity enhancement projects primarily in technology. Related depreciation and amortization were $23.2 million in the quarter, 45.3 for the six months, which are both up slightly from the same periods in '09. For the year, D&A will likely hold fairly steady with 2009 in 85 to $95 million range. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash, and are integral to our growth plans for the company. As you may know we made two acquisitions earlier this year, continued to evaluate additional acquisition opportunities as they present themselves. We remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy, and generally targeted bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the 25 to $100 million range although there are certain exceptions. We intend to follow similar pattern, more strategic acquisitions into the future. In the second quarter of this year, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 1.3 million shares of our company stock on our share repurchase program. Year-to-date, we've purchased approximately 1.6 million in shares, and today we have approximately 16.2 million shares authorized and are available for repurchase. We have no set pattern for this repurchases. We have no set pattern for these repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program, as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with a dividend provides the best return to out shareholders. Total debt, January 30, of 2010 remains unchanged at $500 million, that includes $250 million which matures in November of 2011 and $250 million due in November of 2013. Total debt to total capital at June 30, 2010, 15.8% and we are comfortable with our capital structure this time.  The company is stable, our balance sheet is strong and that provides us with ability to take advantage of growth opportunities in any economic environment. In closing, we continue to operate in 2010 from the position of strength and have a great confidence in our growth strategies and the positive fundamentals in each of our businesses. Second quarter was another period of solid growth for us and we look forward to reporting more progress over the second half of 2010. We will continue to support our growth with a strong and healthy balance sheet and sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders.  This concludes our financial review and I will conclude my comments by expressing our appreciating to all of our dedicated GPC associates. Their hard work is behind every aspect of our recovery and we are very proud of this group. We also want to thank our customers and our suppliers and we appreciate there continued. Tom, I'll turn it back to you.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. So, that recaps our second quarter and first half 2010 results. With sales up 9% year-to-date and earnings up 17% we feel that we're well positioned to report a good performance for the full year. And we are proud of the job that the GPC team has done both on the operating side and on the balance sheet side through mid-year.  As far as the reminder of the year is concerned, we are mindful of the uncertainty that has been created by some of the mixed economic data that has recently been released. However, we are also influenced by the strength of our first half results and by what our management team anticipates in the months ahead. With that said, we feel that an upward adjustment in our full year guidance is appropriate. As we see it now, we would say that a full year revenue expectation of plus 7% to plus 9% would be more in line with our current thinking up from our prior guidance of plus 3% to plus 5%. And then we would increase our prior EPS guidance from 255 to 270, to the current 270 to 280 and we look forward to refining this further in our third quarter conference call. At this point we would to take your question and we will turn the call back over to Shawn to assemble the question for us, Shawn.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And your first question is from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Market:  Hey guys, how are you. I guess one of my questions is, now that we are starting to see improvements on the revenue growth, I know guys typically get vendor rebates, I know in auto and I believe industrial as well, is that going to be one of the supporters for gross margin going forward, number one and number two, when does that start to flow through? When do you actually know your purchasing levels are high enough, that you really start to benefit from that?
Jerry Nix: Scot, this is Jerry. I'll take that, it does effects us, it effects us more so in the office products and industrial business than it does in the automotive, but it does have an impact. But the automotive business and the office products business did not, they plan as much as the industrial business, so the fall off from there volume incentive was not as great. It was a significant last year in the industrial side of our business and they have been to evaluate in their incentive program with all the supplier, and then trying to renegotiate those, but I don't know how they have done with that, and I don't know how successful they've been, but it did have an impact on the margins in the industrial segment in the second quarter. If you see the significant improvement in the margins there, probably a third of that was attributable to volume incentives and the rest of it is operating cost, they did a very good job taken out last year, and have not yet back entered the system, but I would also tell you that while we attribute to volume incentives, you wouldn't get those volume incentive if this wasn't the coverage because they are based on purchases so we wouldn't be making those purchases if we didn't have the business recovery, so the two of them tie together. We stay on that back to the sales volume level we had in 2007, even with a significant progress, so but it will help us on improve gross margin going forward.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Market: Okay, that's helpful Jerry and then as you look at the total run rate, what you accomplished this quarter particularly industrial, I guess that's the one where I feel like it's the biggest one factor. Going forward in the balance of the year, do you think there is still a lot of inventory filling this past quarter, the second quarter, or is this kind of where the new run rate level is obviously counting per seasonality?
Thomas Gallagher: Scott, this is Tom. There may have been some inventory build-up or replenishment, but I think most of the revenue increase really came from normal plan in the quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Market: All right, that's very helpful. Thanks a lot guys.
Thomas Gallagher: All right, thank you.
Jerry Nix: Thank you.
Operator: Next one is from the line of Gregory Melich with ISI.
Mike Montani : Hi, good morning gentlemen, this is Mike Montani in from for Greg.
 ISI: Hi, good morning gentlemen, this is Mike Montani in from for Greg.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning, Mike.
Jerry Nix: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Montani : I have actually probably two key questions for you. The first one was really related to sequential progress in demand, if you could talk about how that evolve over the course of the quarter and also just a feel for -- by geography especially in California if you're seeing anything noteworthy there in the Automotive?
 ISI: I have actually probably two key questions for you. The first one was really related to sequential progress in demand, if you could talk about how that evolve over the course of the quarter and also just a feel for -- by geography especially in California if you're seeing anything noteworthy there in the Automotive?
Thomas Gallagher: I'll take that Mike. The quarter was very consistent sequentially, so we didn't see any significant fluctuations. Geographically, my guess is you're referring more to Automotive than any of the other businesses and here again our Western operations are performing in line with our expectations, and we think we are faring reasonably well in the marketplace out there.
Mike Montani : Great, and just with regard to the cost control you've done a strong job so far with keeping those under control, and if we were to remove the 9 million sort of boggy that you had in 2Q of last year, it seems that SG&A dollars would be up closer to 5.9. I guess as we look ahead now and with recovering volumes, can you talk about your outlook in terms of adding back headcount and to or any initiatives you have that might give us an indication of, is that 5.9 is now the new run rate, or how to think about that?
 ISI: Great, and just with regard to the cost control you've done a strong job so far with keeping those under control, and if we were to remove the 9 million sort of boggy that you had in 2Q of last year, it seems that SG&A dollars would be up closer to 5.9. I guess as we look ahead now and with recovering volumes, can you talk about your outlook in terms of adding back headcount and to or any initiatives you have that might give us an indication of, is that 5.9 is now the new run rate, or how to think about that?
Jerry Nix: Mike, I don't think you can say that that's the new run rate. Last year, we took about $75 million in total out of our SG&A. Our expectation is that this year, we'll probably add about 20 million of that back in. The best we can tell is if we've added back in about 10 million of it through the first half of the year. Over the last couple of years, we reduced our headcount by about 12, 11 to 12%. If you just look at the first half of the year, we've added about a half of a percent back to headcount to support the sales growth. Certainly we -- lot of that were infrastructure changes we made last year that will not come back into the system, so I think we are still along solid ground saying now that 75 million SG&A reduction last year were probably had back in 20 million or so this year. 
Mike Montani : And just the final point that I had and then I'll jump back in the queue. But on the cash side obviously continued to manage that very well, and now over 400 million as we move ahead should we think about potentially more activity from the M&A side or potentially more buy back, as you have a nice uptick there with the 50 million in repo this quarter. Thank you. 
 ISI: And just the final point that I had and then I'll jump back in the queue. But on the cash side obviously continued to manage that very well, and now over 400 million as we move ahead should we think about potentially more activity from the M&A side or potentially more buy back, as you have a nice uptick there with the 50 million in repo this quarter. Thank you. 
Jerry Nix:  All right Mike, thank you. Yeah, you will see more activity and we did hold back, and we've not held back on acquisition because of the lack of cash. If we sure wanted, and we're working while it made sense and we could get to the proper valuation we do it, and in that position continues to be the same. We will -- active in the second quarter in our share purchase, and we will continue to be, and try to buy on weakness. It's easy to get rid of that cash. It's easy to spend it, but that's not our goal. Our goal is to spend it, so that we can maximize shareholder value. Shawn, you take the next call, please?
Operator: Question is from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks a lot, and good morning. My first question relates to the industrial business. If you look at your total revenue line, it was $882 million and two years ago in 2008, your revenue was $898 million. So with the strong recovery here you you're sort of -- and plus the acquisition of Bearings, you're almost back to 2008 levels. The profit dollars that you generated from industrial were 16 million light so and the margin is about 170 basis points lower. So I guess the question associated with that would be is the margin associated with the bearing business that much lower than the margin on the core Motion Industries business or is there some other element of impairment, either something structural or mix of business or perhaps vendor rebates not yet coming all the way back that would explain why the margin hasn't come back as much as the sales has recovered. 
Thomas Gallagher: Matt, this is Tom. There are a couple of thoughts to that question. The margins at BC Bearing initially are just a bit lower than the Motion overall margins, but it's a company that's making terrific progress, and we're very confident in what they will do in terms of meeting the margin expectations. So, it's a good organization, good management and they will be accretive to us as we go forward. On the rebate side of it, all of that has not flowed through yet. We still have reduced inventories on the industrial side, and we'll continue to work to bring those down a bit over the remainder of the year.  So, well, Jerry mentioned that about a third of the improvement came from incentives. We still in our planning don't have all of the incentives added back that we were able to get back in 2008. And then the final thing I would just say is that the revenues have come back very nicely there. For planning purposes only, we're saying that our revenues will not get all the way back to the 2008 levels. This year we hope they do, but we're cautious as I mentioned in my comments based upon some of the recent economic data that's come out. We are saying, we just want to remain a little bit on the conservative side, in our expectations for the industrial business specifically, but all of our business is over all. But we are still looking for a nice double digit increase from the industrial business in the second half of the year.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got it, second question, if you could just remind when the BC Bearing deal closed and what the parallel number was in the first quarter to the 18% that you talked about for Motion in Q2? 
Thomas Gallagher:  Sure, the deal closed at the end of February, so March 1st they became part of Motion Industries and they added about 7% to the overall Motion increase in the second quarter.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Great. And I guess the next question I will ask relates to gross margin, Jerry. You spoke about anticipated improvement in Q3 and in Q4. Now last year in Q4, you had some -- essentially one time factors drive a very big year on year increase in gross margin. You're up I think a 123 basis points year-on-year after having been down over the first nine months. And my sense was that, that was a very tough bogey for you at your end and that there was an expectation that even if the underlying trend was solid, that you would probably de-lever gross margin in the fourth quarter. Were your comments saying that you think you could actually surmount that fourth quarter bogey and have up gross margins in Q4?
Jerry Nix: No, I don't mean it that way. We will make a little progress each quarter; we will have less of a decreasing growth margin in the third quarter. We had significant LIFO gains last year because of the inventory reductions in the fourth quarter and that's what contributed to that gross margin improvement. We are looking to reducing our inventories further this year, but it will not be to the level of last year as you can imagine with the recovery on the revenue side. Matt, I would be pleased if we could hold our gross margin in the fourth quarter this year compared to the fourth quarter last year. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Do you think it's actually feasible to get back to that 31% level though in the fourth quarter?
Jerry Nix:  I think so, yes. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Got it, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question is from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital: Thank you, gentlemen, good morning. Tom, if you look at the industrial business particularly this quarter, very, very strong organic growth and it appears that that level of growth is outpacing what we would think would be general industry levels. Is there something going on as well with your ability as a market leader relative to some of the independents in the marketplace in terms of share gains that is also adding to what appears to be a very, very strong level of growth during the quarter.
Thomas Gallagher:  Tony, I don't think we've got enough data to really give you an informed answer there. I do know that our industrial team, after suffering the way that they did in 2009, worked hard over the course of 2009 to better refine and develop their growth initiatives and that team is absolutely focused on building volume in a profitable way and I think their execution is awfully good. Where it's coming from, I wouldn't try to address, but we think that they have done a great job through the first half and they are going to give us a strong second half as well from our perspective.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital: And with respect to sort of categorizing the industrial segment as more of a late cycle recovery, are the growth rates you're seeing today and sort of how you're portraying what you anticipate for the second half consistent with your view right now of where you think this cycle currently may be?
Thomas Gallagher: Yes.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital: And do you think that some of the level of production and some of where the cycle and things are concerns in the macro, I should say, are they consistent also with this stage of the cycle?
Thomas Gallagher: That I don't know, Tony. I don't know that I can answer that. I'll come back may be and -- just to develop a little bit more the comments earlier. Right now, we know that regardless of where we are in the cycle, that we've got a terrific customer base that's producing product. And our team is focused on trying to maximize our penetration in each of these customers and trying to grow our presence in every customer that we service. And I think that we may be a little bit ahead of the overall growth rate but it's really coming from the focus and the intensity that the team has placed on maximizing our share of spend in our respective customer's places of business.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital: Okay, okay. And one last question, you've made significant changes in 2009, particularly in the Auto segment with some of the initiatives you had on price. Are there any initiatives new that you might have underway or do you think that everything you've done to date is about as much as you'd like or has been sufficient enough to get the business back where you wanted it to be?
Thomas Gallagher: Well, no. We don't think we're done by any stretch and we've got a number of things that our team is working on. We would not want to disclose some of those on the call but we don't think that we're finished. And frankly we think there's more upside yet in the Automotive business if we continue to stay focused on the things that we've identified as opportunities for us.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital: Do you think that the trends that the Automotive, sort of the aftermarket in and of itself has experienced right now, is there more of a cyclical nature to what we're seeing rather than, hey, once the economy recovers, the trends are not going to see 6, 7, 8% type organic growth, and it's going to come back to a much more normalized level? Or do you think some of the variables such as depressed vehicle sales and high unemployment and some of these other factors, average age, are truly going to allow for a longer sustainable tail of growth for the aftermarket?
Thomas Gallagher: I do, personally, Tony. If you look at a lot of the studies that have come out, what they would suggest is that while new car sales may rebound some over the next couple of years, we're not going back anytime soon to the historical levels, the 16.5, 17 million new car sales per year. The vehicle fleet is projected to continue to grow at a reasonable rate and the aging of the vehicles is projected to continue to persist. So what we see from a number of the studies is that the growth in the vehicles is actually going to come in the age category, six years and above, and we think that's a very, very good prospect for companies like ours because that's our target customer. Once the car gets to be six years or older, chances are the aftermarkets going to have an opportunity to do supply the parts that are needed to fix it. So, we think that the next couple of years could be reasonably good years for the aftermarket. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital: Okay, great, thank you guys. 
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy - Bank of America:  Hey guys, John Murphy. How are you? 
[Multiple Speakers]: Good John. How are you doing?
John Murphy - Bank of America:  Good. Just kind of a follow-up on some of your highlights on inventory, you guys are doing a very good job of keeping your inventory lean, but I was just wondering as we look at the autos, the auto segment specifically, but your other segments as well, if you feel like the inventory in the channel across the board is very lean as well, even your competitors as well as your customers and as we hopefully see demand recover, there may be some real demand pull as well some potential restocking. I'm just trying to get a gauge of where we are in inventory in the channel in general for autos and your other segments. 
Thomas Gallagher: John, I'll try to answer that and maybe will try to break it into pieces. If we look at inventory levels, at the installer level in the channel, I don't think there is going to be significant increase in demand going forward because they have historically kept their inventories fairly lean and rely on their serving part store to get them that part that they need within 20 or 30 minutes, so I don't think there is going to be much pull from that. I think that's going to be driven more by the increase in business that they experience. If we look at the store level at least within the NAPA channel, I think the inventories are in pretty good shape.  I don't think that they are extraordinarily lean, nor do I think that they are extraordinarily heavy. I think we are pretty well balanced, and that's one of the things that within NAPA we take some pride in is that we keep the inventories fairly responsive to what we see in the marketplace. So, there is not a lot of access that sits there at any time in the cycle. So, I think there we won't see huge inventory build-up on the part of our customer base giving us increased demand.  I think it's again going to be largely driven by the ultimate consumer demand, and then in our own case in our distribution centers, I think we do have some opportunity there to continue to work on what we would consider to be a little bit more investment than we absolutely have to have with enhanced technology and enhanced logistical capabilities that we're seeing some opportunities to do a better job with a little bit less. So, our inventories make them down just a little bit. Hopefully, it will come down a little bit and we will keep our service levels up as we have been, but I don't see that. I'm more concerned about inventory in the channel. Honestly, it's back a level or two from us and that's with maybe some of our vendors are important to them. Some of their raw material component suppliers and we have seen some recent examples where some of our good vendors historically are providing really, really good service have been impacted by some of there components suppliers who have not been able to keep up with the demand but, that's something that I think will be worked though over the next quarter or two. But I don't anticipate that inventory build up in the channel is going to give us any inflated demand. 
John Murphy - Bank of America:  Okay and then just second question, a last question, you raise your growth outlook for sales from a range of 3% to 5% to a range of 7% to 9%. Just wondering, if you can give us a break down by category, if you have it, where you receive the real strength there?
Thomas Gallagher:  Well, we think, obviously the industrial related businesses will continue to perform well and I would say, from our planning perspective on the electrical side, we'd expect them to be up 14% to 16% over the second half of the year on the industrial side. We are thinking 13% to 15%, then again both of those numbers are a little bit tempered by some of the recent economic data that's come forth and we hope maybe there is a little bit of upside but at this point we don't want to count on it. Automotive, we are seeing 5% to 7%, 6% to 7% over the remainder of the year and that office products we're seeing flat to up 1% to 2% over the reminder of the year 
John Murphy - Bank of America: Great, thank you very much.  
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Himanshu Patel with JPMorgan
Himanshu Patel - JPMorgan: Hi, could you guys talk just lastly about the cadence of sales throughout the second quarter in the Automotive division and also this particularly comment on how weather maybe impacting July.
Thomas Gallagher:  The cadence has been studied through out the quarter. We didn't see any real difference as the quarter progressed and then our July results thus far are pretty consistent with what we saw in the second quarter.
Himanshu Patel - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Brian Sponheimer with Gabelli Company
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli Company:  Hi, good morning. Just one question here, most of mine have been answered, regarding use of cash, you've clearly stated your intentions for the dividend for acquisitions and for repurchase. I was just curious, if there is any intent to further fund the obligations on the pension or is that something that might actually.
Jerry Nix: Brian, yeah we are looking at that. We don't need to make a contribution to the pension plan at this point for 2010. It does appear if you look at the projection, we'll make a contribution in 2011, but those are actuarially calculated. If you'll recall we went - we made a soft freeze on our pension plan effective 1/1/2009 and so if we continued to fund that pension plan and use the cash for that, it'll get to a point over a period of time that cash will be there and there is no way for the company to get any benefits from it. At this point, we'll let the actuaries do the calculations and certainly if we are required to make a contribution, we will. But it looks like now the first contribution that we will have to make will be in 2011.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli Company: Okay, great. And on the acquisition side, obviously evaluation is of the utmost importance. Has there been any movement from what you're seeing as far the realistic expectation from candidates that are looking to potentially be acquired?
Thomas Gallagher: The answer is kind of mixed, it's yes or no. We have some discussions where we think we got fair valuation for both the seller and buyer prospectively, and we continue to develop those discussions, we've had other discussion where we didn't find that common point and we've just deferred them for now. One thing that may be happening is we may see private equity start to get back in the market, and if that happens and probably to move valuations up, and they would preclude us from some, but right now the discussions that we currently are having, we think are recently good possibilities over the second half of the year.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli Company: Okay, great, excellent, stuff. Thank you very much.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you.
Jerry Nix: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. 
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: My question has been answered, thank you.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Keith.
Operator: And we have time for one more question, and the question is from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti.
Scott Stember : Hello, good morning.
 Sidoti: Hello, good morning.
Thomas Gallagher: Good morning.
Jerry Nix: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Stember : Yes, most of my questions have been answered. Could you just talk on the fleet side, you've shown some nice steady improvement there over the last couple of quarters. What's driving that? Is this sustainable and then maybe just dig into that a little bit?
 Sidoti: Yes, most of my questions have been answered. Could you just talk on the fleet side, you've shown some nice steady improvement there over the last couple of quarters. What's driving that? Is this sustainable and then maybe just dig into that a little bit?
Thomas Gallagher: Sure. First of all, keep in mind that we're coming off a very, very challenging period in 2009. So while we're up 4% in the quarter in 2009, we had four consecutive quarters of pretty significant decline, but what we saw happening -- beginning to happen in the early part of the year was we saw that the truck tonnage numbers were starting to firm up and improve some and the last report that we've seen takes us through the first quarter, and it looks like truck tonnage in the quarter was up about 4.5%. So we just see vehicles starting to move again because there's a little bit more demand than -- at this point we do think it's sustainable, we're not looking for a dramatic improvement from where it is currently, but we do think what we see at the moment should carry through with the remainder of this year.
Scott Stember : Great, that's all I have. Thank you.
 Sidoti: Great, that's all I have. Thank you.
Thomas Gallagher: All right, thank you.
Jerry Nix: Shawn, thank you, we appreciate you joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey – Senior Vice President Finance Tom Gallagher - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Analyst for Tony Cristello - BB&T Keith Hughes – SunTrust Scott Stember - Sidoti Analyst for Himanshu Patel – JP Morgan  Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co. Tim Culler – Barrow Hanley  Bill Selesky – Argus Research 
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts first quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I will turn the call over to our host, Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance. Ma’am, please go ahead. 
Carol Yancey :  Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts first quarter 2010 earnings call to discuss earnings results and the 2010 outlook. Before we begin this morning please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management, statements of future economic performance and assumptions underlying the statements regarding the company and its business.  The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call.  We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom? 
Tom Gallagher:  Thank you, Carol and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call and once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have.  Earlier this morning, we released our first quarter 2010 results and hopefully you have had an opportunity to review them. For those who may not have seen the numbers as of yet a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $2.602 billion which was up 6%. Net income was $100.6 million which was up 13% and earnings per share were $0.63 this year compared to $0.56 in the first quarter of 2009 and EPS increase was 13%.  After the challenges that we encountered throughout 2009 we are pleased to report a positive quarter on the revenue quarter and pleased also to follow our 13% earnings increase in the fourth quarter of last year with another 13% increase this quarter. Admittedly we were going up against a very soft first quarter in 2009 but we think our results this year demonstrate continued sequential improvement and we are glad to start 2010 off with a respectable first quarter.  In looking at the individual segment results, our two manufacturing sector related businesses, industrial and electrical electronic showed very nice recoveries in the first quarter. Our industrial segment was up 9% in revenue and they generated positive sales results across most of their product categories and throughout the majority of their customer segments as well. It has been a number of quarters since we have been able to make that statement and we are encouraged by the broad base of their sales improvement.  As you will recall this is quite a contrast to what we experienced throughout 2009 and we feel it is the result of several factors. Certainly the comparisons are easier but additionally we feel it is partly attributable to individual growth initiatives within our industrial business that are showing nice results. These initiatives are product specific focused and target customer category focused and these efforts should have a positive impact throughout 2010.  Acquisitions helped as well, adding about four points to the overall revenue growth, another factor is the improving trends we have been seeing in the industrial production and capacity utilization figures. These are good barometers of activity levels within the manufacturing sector of the economy which is our customer base and historically these indices have been fairly reliable 6-9 month leading indicators for our industrial business. As reported in our prior two calls the indices bottomed out around mid-year last year and they have been showing a gradual improvement since. This improvement in our end market conditions appears to be fairly stable right now and is a positive indicator for our industrial business in the quarters ahead.  Before leaving this segment we do want to point out that we did complete the previously announced acquisition of BC Bearing on March 1. This is a well run, $140 million per year business and this acquisition strengthens our position in Western Canada and the northwestern part of the U.S. and we are pleased to have the BC Bearing organization now part of our industrial group.  Moving on to the electrical electronics segment this business was up 16% in the quarter. As with our industrial business we had easier comps to go up against and we also had some incremental revenue that came from a small acquisition that was completed January 1. Additionally the escalation in copper pricing was a factor. However, on a comparative basis our underlying business was still up mid single digits which we feel shows a respectable recovery in this segment.  We are encouraged by the fact the Purchasing Manager’s Index, which is a leading indicator for us, has shown steady improvement for eight consecutive months now creating a more favorable end market and this combined with the internal growth initiatives should enable our electrical electronics segment to perform well over the remainder of the year.  Our office products group ended the quarter down 1%. While still running a decrease the first quarter results continue a trend of gradual sequential improvement and our expectation is office products revenues will turn slightly positive in the next quarter or two. As far as the composition of our quarterly sales on the customer side the independent dealers were even with the prior-year in the quarter and the mega dealers were down 5 and both are improvements over the 2009 results where we saw our independent business down 5% for the year and the mega customers were down 10%.  On the product side we had increases in three of the four product categories; technology products, furniture and cleaning and break room supplies had quarterly increases ranging from 2% to 10% while the office product category which represents almost 50% of total business was down 5% in the quarter. So we have some work to do yet in this category but from an overall perspective while not yet back to where we need to be we do see signs of continuing gradual improvement within the office products results and as mentioned earlier our expectation is that their sales results will turn modestly positive over the next quarter or two.  Finally, automotive. After closing out 2009 with a 6% increase in the fourth quarter we are pleased to be able to report another 6% improvement in the first quarter of this year. Our favorable currency exchange added about 2% to our Q4 results and then 3% in the first quarter of this year. After struggling over the first half of 2009 we think we started to turn the quarter in the third quarter of last year and we feel we are positioned for solid growth in the quarters to come.  In looking a little bit deeper into the details, we were pleased to see that our company store group and our independently owned NAPA stores grew at comparable rates in the quarter which we feel indicates a good balance in our overall growth rates. Additionally every region in the country was positive again showing a broad performance base in the overall results which is encouraging. Within our company owned store group our commercial or wholesale business was up 8% in the quarter with our two most significant wholesale programs, NAPA Auto Care and major accounts both contributing nicely. Auto Care was up 7% and major accounts were up 9%.  Our fleet business which had been running double digit decreases throughout 2009 ended the quarter even with the prior year and hopefully this important customer segment is starting to stabilize for us. The cash or retail business in our company store group was only up 1% in the quarter. However, our cash business actually improved as the quarter progressed. After being down mid single digits in January we saw good sequential improvement in our cash business in February and March and hopefully this will carry over into the second quarter.  So putting it all together we are encouraged by our automotive results in the first quarter and we feel they are off to a good start to what we think will be a solid year for automotive in 2010.  That is a quick overview of our first quarter sales results. At this point we will ask Jerry to take a few minutes to comment on the financial performance. 
Jerry Nix :  Thank you Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We will first review the income statement and segment information and then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back with a recap and then we will open the call up to your questions.  A review of the income statement shows the following; total sales for the first quarter are up 6% to $2.6 billion. We are pleased to start the year with some positive sales momentum especially in industrial and electrical which show tremendous improvement following a very difficult year in 2009. Gross profit in the quarter decreased 70 basis points to 29.2% of sales compared to 29.9% in the first quarter last year. This decrease primarily reflects the pricing actions we took in our automotive segment the second half of last year as well as competitive pricing pressures in the office product segment which we see impacting our gross margin for the foreseeable future.  Despite this impact on our margin we are doing a much better job appropriately adjusting our pricing to remain competitive in the markets which is clearly helping our top line growth. We are making up for the decline on the gross margin line with cost savings and an overall improvement in operating expenses. So we remain focused on continued gross margin improvement in the long-term but expect this line to remain under some pressure over the next few quarters.  For the year through March our cumulative pricing which represents [the prior] increases to us was positive 0.2% in automotive, a positive 0.1% in industrial, negative 0.2% in office products and plus 1.0% in electrical.  Now let’s look at SG&A. For the first quarter SG&A expenses of $598 million were up 2% from $588 million in the same period in 2009. As a percent of sales this was down 103 basis points to 23.0 versus 24.03 last year. This decrease in expenses as a percent of sales is due to the benefit of greater leverage associated with our sales growth combined with our cost reduction efforts over the last few years. You may recall in total for 2008 and 2009 we reduced our headcount by approximately 3,900 employees or 13% of our total workforce. Thus far in 2010 our total employee count of approximately 29,000 is relatively consistent to December 31, 2009 even with our recent sales growth.  Our management teams remain focused on the ongoing assessment of appropriate cost structure in our businesses and the need for the future cost reductions while maintaining our high standard for excellent customer service. We recognize tightly managing our expenses again in 2010 remains absolutely essential.  Now let’s discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter of $1,290,400,000 representing 49% of the total, an increase of 6%. It had operating profit of $88.9 million, up 2% so we had margin slippage from 7.2% to 6.9% of sales. The industrial group had revenue in the quarter of $803.3 million representing 31% of the total and was up 9%. Operating profit of $48.8 million up 43% so very strong margin improvement from 4.6% to 6.1%. Office products revenue in the quarter of $410.5 million, 16% of the total. They were down 0.5%. Operating profit of $36.6 million was down 6% so while operating margin remained strong at 8.9% they are down from 9.4% the prior year. Electrical group had revenue of $100.3 million, 4% of the total. Up 16% in the quarter. Operating profit $6.8 million, up 20% so a nice margin expansion to 6.8% from 6.6% the prior year.  We thought it would be worthwhile to note that in addition to our segment results just discussed total net sales benefited from the other sales line which was a much lower deduction from sales this quarter when compared to the first quarter last year. This line represents a net effect of discounts, incentives and freight bills and with freight up this quarter due to improved sales volume and discounted incentives being down we have the lower deduction to sales.  Total operating profit margin for the first quarter improved 20 basis points to 7.0% from 6.8% in the first quarter of 2009. The improved expense leverage associated with our sales increase particularly in our industrial businesses drove the increase in operating margins. We had net interest expense of $6.7 million which is down slightly from the first quarter in 2009 and we continue to expect net interest to be approximately $26-28 million for 2010.  Other category which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority or non-controlling interest was $12.3 million expense in the first quarter, down approximately $2 million from the same period last year. The improvement on this relates to a $1.8 million favorable retirement plan valuation adjustment recorded this quarter compared to $3 million expense in the first quarter last year. The $4.8 million net valuation benefit was offset by the increase in incentive based compensation which we expected with improved results as well as higher legal and professional costs. Looking ahead we continue to project the other category to be in the $40-50 million range for 2010.  For the quarter our tax rate was approximately 37.9% which compares to 38.4% for the first quarter in 2009. The decrease from last year mainly relates to nondeductible expense associated with retirement plan valuation adjustments in 2009 that we just mentioned. Currently we expect the tax rate for the full-year to be approximately 38%. Net income for the quarter was $100.6 million, up 13%. Earnings per share of $0.63 compared to $0.56 last year was also up 13%.  Let’s touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at March 31 increased to $334 million from $133 million at March 31 last year and remains consistent with our cash at December 31, 2009. As you may know we took a conservative approach in managing our cash in 2009. This approach has allowed us ample funding for ongoing acquisitions which totaled $66 million in the first quarter this year as well as dividends and capital expenditures. We expect to continue to generate consistently strong cash flows and expect our cash position to remain sound.  Accounts receivable of $1.3 billion increased 9% from last year including acquisitions on a 6% increase from sales in the first quarter and with March being the strongest sales month at a plus 11% on average daily sales. We continue to feel good about the level and quality of our receivables and remain diligent in monitoring the financial condition of our customers and their ability to pay thus limiting our exposure to write offs and ensuring the adequacy of our reserves for bad debts. At March 31, 2010 we are confident the company is properly reserved. Our goal at GPC remains to grow our receivables at a rate less than revenue growth.  Inventory at March 31, 2010 was $2.2 billion including acquisitions and is down 2% or $42 million from March last year. Compared to December 31, inventory is down slightly including acquisitions but down $23 million before those acquisitions which we believe reflects continued progress thus far in 2010. We will continue to manage this key investment tightly and show more progress over the balance of the year.  We were also able to improve our accounts payable again this quarter with payables increasing to $1.2 billion, an 8% increase from December 31, and up 23% from this time last year. Our progress this quarter was primarily due to increase inventory purchases associated with our higher sales volume for the quarter especially when compared to last March when volume was down and purchases especially low. With this improvement our days payable have improved to 56 days and we remain pleased with the positive direction of this working capital category.  Our progress in key areas of receivables, inventory and payables, working capital of $2.6 billion at March 31 is up 3% from March 31 last year and is consistent with working capital at December 31, 2009. We are encouraged with our progress in managing working capital and the balance sheet remains in excellent condition. We are continuing to generate solid cash flows and as mentioned earlier our strong cash position provides us with the financial flexibility to consider many investment opportunities.  After a record year for cash flows in 2009 we fully expect another strong year in 2010 and currently estimate cash from operations of approximately $650 million and free cash flow after deducting CapEx and dividends of approximately $300 million. We are pleased with the continued strength of our cash flows and also feel good about the priorities for the use of our cash. These priorities remain first the dividend which we have paid every year since going public in 1948 and raised for 54 consecutive years. As you may recall, at our February board meeting our directors authorized the increase in our 2010 annual dividend to $1.64 per share from $1.60 per share in 2009. Additionally, we will continue to use our cash towards the ongoing reinvestment in each of our businesses, strategic acquisitions where appropriate and share repurchases.  Capital expenditures were $9.9 million for the first quarter down from $14.1 million in the first quarter last year. We add however that this decrease relates more to timing than anything else as we have a growing number of projects that will be placed in service over the balance of the year. Currently we expect our CapEx spending to increase for the full-year to approximately $85-95 million with the vast majority of these investments associated with the productivity enhancement projects primarily in technology.  Related depreciation and amortization was $22.1 million in the quarter, down slightly from last year. For the year, D&A will likely hold pretty steady with 2009 in the $85-95 million range. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. As Tom mentioned earlier we made two acquisitions thus far in 2010 and we expect these new operations to be slightly accretive to our earnings in 2010 although only minimally.  Acquisition opportunities continue to present themselves and we remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy. We have generally targeted those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25-100 million range and although there are exceptions such as the BC Bearing acquisition we intend to follow a similar pattern in the future.  In the first quarter of 2010 we used our cash to repurchase approximately 242,000 shares of our company stock on our share repurchase program and today we have approximately 17.5 million in shares authorized and available for repurchase. Opportunistic share repurchases continue to be a priority for us but without a set pattern for repurchases and the tendency to buy on weakness, the recent movement in our stock price has slowed our repurchases thus far in 2010. Looking ahead we expect to remain active in this program as we continue to believe that our stock is an attractive investment and combined with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders.  Total debt at March 31, 2010 remains unchanged at $500 million and includes $250 million which matures in November 2011 and $250 million due in November 2013. Total debt to total capitalization at March 31 was 15.7% and we are comfortable with our capital structure at this time. The company is stable, our balance sheet is strong and that provides us the ability to take advantage of growth opportunities in any economic environment.  In closing, we entered 2010 from a position of strength and with great confidence in our growth strategies and the positive fundamentals in each of our businesses. We believe we got off to a good start with a solid first quarter and are confident in our ability to drive sales and earnings growth this year. We will continue to support our growth with a strong and healthy balance sheet and sound cash flows further maximizing our return to shareholders.  This concludes the financial review and I will wrap it up by expressing our utmost appreciation to all of our dedicated GPC associates. We are very proud of this group and their efforts to help us perform through a very difficult year in 2009. We also want to thank our customers and suppliers. We appreciate their ongoing support.  Tom back to you. 
Tom Gallagher :  Thank you Jerry. That concludes our comments on the first quarter. We are pleased to get 2010 started off on solid footing. As far as the remainder of the year is concerned we feel it is still a bit too early for us to be making any significant changes to the full-year guidance provided in our February call. However, based upon the first quarter results it might be appropriate to increase the full-year revenue range from plus 2% to plus 4% to plus 3-5% largely driven by the improved performance in industrial and electrical and then to narrow the earnings range somewhat from the $2.52-2.70 provided in our last call to $2.55-2.70 and we will look forward to refining the range a bit more as we get another quarter or so under our belt.  That concludes our planned remarks. At this time we would like to open the call up to your individual questions. We will turn the call back over to the Operator. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: You alluded I believe to average daily sales in March being up about 11%. If you could share with us, that is obviously substantially stronger than the quarter overall up 6%. You intimated that automotive was somewhat better as the quarter progressed. If you could share with us the source of that strength and whether you feel it is indicative of what the quarter could look like. 
Tom Gallagher :  The quarter got a little bit stronger as we progressed through. We were impacted across all of our businesses by the weather we experienced in the early and mid part of the quarters and that had an impact on the January/February results but March was clearly the strongest performance in the quarter. The April results thus far in the month are in line with the March results so they are pretty encouraging as well. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: On the gross margin if you could shed a little more light on some of the items you discussed? I am particularly interested in why if the automotive price cuts are one of the impediments to margin you didn’t seem to experience that kind of pressure in the second half. At least it wasn’t as visible as the second half of last year on the automotive operating income there might have been other things masking it, but if you could shed some light that it would be terrific. 
Tom Gallagher :  I will try to answer that. First of all the pricing adjustments that were done starting really in the second quarter of last year were done sequentially as the year progressed. So all price adjustments were not done in Q2 and Q3 last year. They were done over a period of time. What we have seen is that the ones that were done first are getting the kinds of results we had hoped to achieve and frankly what we needed to achieve.  If we look at our under car product category, for instance, that is where we took the first steps and some of the product categories that would be in the under car group would be things like brake rotors, brake drums, ride control, all of those lines are performing well and they are not a drag on the margin at this point.  Some of the lines that came later in the cycle and under hood might be an example where we adjusted more recently, ignition pricing we adjusted things like wire sets, our unit increases are up and are moving in the right direction but we don’t have the velocity yet that offsets the gross profit drag and that is where we are still facing a little bit of an impact. What will happen in our opinion is we think this will moderate as we progress through the months ahead. We think as we get towards mid-year and on into the third and fourth quarters this will not be a headwind and we should be stabilized from what we see now. The bulk of the adjustments that needed to be made have been made. There may be a little bit left but they are not as significant as the ones we have already adjusted. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: You had some pressure associated with vendor rebates in the industrial business last year. Your industrial business seems to be, if anything, ahead of plan today. At what point can you start to recapture some of that gross profit margin in the industrial business? 
Jerry Nix :  We will have to judge that towards the end of the year. I can tell you that for planning purposes we are assuming the same rebates we earned last year in 2009. Your question earlier about the gross margin in the fourth quarter there were some unusual items. If you recall we picked up a significant amount from our LIFO [inaudible] in the fourth quarter last year due to the inventory reductions and we are not assuming that at this point this year but we are assuming the same rebates in industrial for 2010 that we took in 2009. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Is that based on the sales that you are tracking today? I would think those rebates are materially lower than what you had experienced really in any year prior to last year. So is there the potential you have some catch up in the industrial business if business remains good? 
Tom Gallagher :  There is the potential. We are not planning for it. If it happens that is great. The other side of it is we continue to work hard on the inventory levels and we continue to bring those down and that mitigates some of the revenue growth we are seeing in the industrial business.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli – RBC. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: Can you help clear up something regarding BC Bearing? I guess I don’t know the seasonality of that business but I would have assumed, just assuming a general run rate you would have about $12-15 million of revenue from BC in the quarter but if it was four points of growth it had to be closer to $30 million. Can you help clarify that? 
Jerry Nix :  There are two things. It is not just BC Bearing. We acquired a company called General Tool on May 1 of last year and that number is in that 4 point acquisition growth as well. Our numbers for BC Bearing were a little bit less than what you referenced but not materially so. It was more a matter of the General Tool and BC Bearing combined. 
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: A follow-up on Matt’s question just in terms of the industrial profits. They are down fairly materially in terms of the margins from what we saw say two years ago. I understand you are doing your inventory reductions but I would also think with all of the cost cuts there would be a lot of leverage in that particular segment without changing guidance obviously at this point. Can you just talk about the leverage potential in that segment that this point? 
Tom Gallagher :  I think the quarterly results demonstrate the kind of leverage we can get. They were up 9% in revenue and up 43% in operating profit so I think they got some pretty extraordinary leverage on that 9% sales number. We don’t…
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: Is there any reason you should drop off from the current margin rate or should we expect it to kind of expand or at least stay the same or expand if we are to see kind of the same sales run rate we have seen? 
Tom Gallagher :  I think if the revenue numbers stay in line with what we saw in the first quarter then we can expect to have very, very strong profit improvement from the industrial business. Our issue right now is we are just pretty cautious in terms of what is going to happen in the manufacturing sector. What we are hearing from our customer base is they are optimistic about what they think could happen but they too are remaining very, very cautious and they are just not sure how long it is going to continue. The industrial production number and capacity utilization number that came out yesterday would give us some confidence it is going to continue for a few more months but we want to remain on the cautious side for right now.
Jerry Nix :  I might also point out they had operating margin for the full-year in 2007 and 2008 of 8.4%. While that fell off dramatically last year to 5.6 we expect that to improve but keep in mind even with the sales improvement we are not back to the same sales volume they had back in 2008. It may not get back to the 8.4 this year but certainly it will trend back in that direction. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Analyst for Tony Cristello - BB&T. 
Analyst for Tony Cristello - BB&T: On the automotive business and the uptick in the cash portion as the quarter progressed, was there any particular product categories that surprised you in terms of the relative strength whether either in [inaudible audio]? 
Tom Gallagher :  I would say it is more in the hard part arena and I think the growth we had on the commercial side of the business would validate that. I mentioned our retail business and company store group was up only 1% for the quarter, sequentially improved from January through March but still was only up 1% for the quarter. So more in the hard part arena. 
Analyst for Tony Cristello - BB&T: In terms of the wholesale business and the pick up there was the performance fairly balanced in terms of [inaudible audio] major accounts or was there one particular area that really [wasn’t] a strong contributor to that period? 
Tom Gallagher :  Our fleet business as we mentioned in our comments was flat for the quarter. We have to say we were pleased with that after running double digit decreases all of 2009. Seeing the fleet business come in even for the quarter gives us a little bit of encouragement. I would also add we see the truck tonnage numbers and they actually turned positive in December and then again in January for the first time in quite some time. We are hopeful that the fleet business has stabilized and perhaps we will even see a little bit of growth in that category as the year progresses.  As far as the other elements of our wholesale business our major account business was up 9%. Our Auto Care business was up 7% for the quarter. So we think pretty strong performances and they follow somewhat similar increases in the fourth quarter of last year so we like the trends we see in both of those categories. 
Analyst for Tony Cristello - BB&T: In terms of the margin improvement in the fleet business do you have a sense of how much of that is coming from just greater utilization rates on your fleet customers or how much of that is just increasing confidence levels that are allowing them to become a bit more [inaudible]. 
Tom Gallagher :  I don’t think I can answer that question. I don’t have enough detail to give you an intelligent answer. 
Analyst for Tony Cristello - BB&T: On the degradation in auto margins year-over-year was that primarily a function of the accelerated rate in pricing resets as the year progressed or were there also any changes in product mix relative to last year that would impact that line item? 
Tom Gallagher :  It would be more the pricing adjustments that were taken than the mix. There was some element of mix but not a material impact. It was more the pricing adjustments. 
Jerry Nix :  On looking at this margin thing when we are talking about automotive keep in mind that in the first quarter last year we had very strong gross margins and the reason for that is we were coming off of historically high inflationary numbers coming out of 2008 in all four business segments. That is part of the reason for this gross margins fall off in the first quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes – SunTrust. 
Keith Hughes – SunTrust: You talked earlier about the adjustments in pricing in automotive going on at various times last year. Are you planning any changes to that variety here in 2010? 
Tom Gallagher :  At this point nothing near the magnitude of what was done in 2009. If you remember back in the early part of last year we said we found we had allowed ourselves to get in a position where we were not as competitive as we needed to be and we had some things that needed to be done. We have pretty much accomplished the majority of that. So we will watch what happens in the marketplace and we monitor it on an ongoing basis and if we need to adjust we certainly will. I think the worst of the headwinds are behind us. As I mentioned earlier I think as we work our way through this quarter and on into the first part of Q3 I think we will see these things start to come back in line. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Scott Stember – Sidoti. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti: Did you give what the interest expense in the quarter was? I didn’t hear it. 
Jerry Nix :  Interest expense for the quarter was $6.7 million. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti: Could you expand upon some of the initiatives you talked about that are having favorable results in the industrial and electrical segments? Just give a little bit more fleshed out? 
Jerry Nix :  The actual growth in the margins is more driven by the leverage we are gaining off of the revenue that they reported. All of our business units last year if you recall we took about $70-75 million in costs out of our SG&A in 2009. Thus far we have not really added that cost back and particularly in the industrial and electrical as our revenue has come back. They are operating off a lower expense base now and that is the reason for the expansion in their margin. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti: On the installer side could you maybe give some anecdotal stories you may be hearing on how dealership closures is increasing customer base coming through maybe even some of the NAPA auto shops? 
Tom Gallagher :  That has happened is we have benefited from the dealership closures and we have benefited directly and indirectly and probably more on an indirect basis where any dealership that closed they non-warranty repair work that was being done there the majority of that has gone into the independent after market. We have an opportunity to capture some of that.  As far as the dealers that have converted and gone full bore into the repair side of the business we have a number of those that have aligned themselves with NAPA Auto Care and that obviously is a direct benefit for us. We think that will continue to be a good program for us as we work our way through the remainder of the year. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti: On the competitive side, one of your major competitors has [inaudible] commercial business out on the West Coast in California in particular. Can you talk about how your sales are faring in West Coast and California? 
Tom Gallagher :  One of the West Coast businesses at the high end of our performance range. I mentioned in my comments we are positive in every one of our eight geographic regions and if we look at top to bottom the West Coast would be up near the top for us. I think we are holding up pretty well there actually. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Analyst for Himanshu Patel – JP Morgan. 
Analyst for Himanshu Patel – JP Morgan : I think you suggested that adjusting for currency automotive sales were up maybe an underlying 3% or so during the quarter. I was wondering what is your sense as to how this performance varies versus the competition? I am thinking in terms of market share. 
Tom Gallagher :  You are right in terms of the underlying business being up 3% X currency exchange. If we look at our same store growth we were up about 4% in the quarter on same store performance. I think as we see it now I think that will hold up reasonably well in comparison to others. We did not have a net gain in stores in the quarter. We actually had a 12-store reduction in the quarter. We did some consolidation and combination of stores but on a same store comparison it was up 4% which I think is reasonably good in this environment. 
Analyst for Himanshu Patel – JP Morgan : If I remember correctly on the fourth quarter conference call you had guided to office product sales plus 3% year-over-year in 2010. Then after the first quarter minus 0.5% year-over-year performance what is your assessment of where you stand now in terms of that full-year objective? 
Tom Gallagher : I think if we look at what we gave as guidance we gave a range and we said flat to up 3% for the year for office products. We are down actually 0.5% through the first quarter. We still think flat to up 3% is a reasonable expectation for office products for the full-year. As I mentioned a little bit ago we think we still start to turn positive sometime in the next quarter or two and then remain positive over the remainder of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co.: Staying in office I believe you had said during the quarter furniture was up slightly but overall office products declined. Given the weak white collar employment environment could you maybe talk a little bit about why the furniture number showed some improvement? 
Tom Gallagher : I can give you what I think may have happened. First of all keep in mind that we are coming off of some significant decreases in the first quarter of last year in the furniture category so the comps are a whole lot easier. I think that the work that is being done by the folks involved with the furniture category in our office product company I think they have repositioned the product line. They have done some nice things with it and I think they have just gotten some pretty favorable market response as a result of the hard work that has been done there. 
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co.: Repositioning the product line. Could you elaborate on that a little bit? 
Tom Gallagher :  We have done some price point repositioning but more contributing to it has been the fact that we have added some additional SKUs. We have expanded some of the product offerings. We have added some additional private label programs. We have enhanced some of the marketing programs that our dealer customers are able to use. When we put it all together I think they just got pretty good market response to some of the things that have been done. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tim Culler – Barrow Hanley. 
Tim Culler – Barrow Hanley : I want to clarify, [inaudible] on the pricing issues but I am a little confused. I thought Jerry said the pricing cuts at the auto and office were being essentially offset by cost reductions farther down the income statement. Then when Tom described it, it sounded as if he was saying the gross margin pressures would be offset as sales rebounded with a lag effect in response to the price cuts. So I am wondering did I misunderstand it? It seems to be one would essentially take care of itself and the other would require further efforts on SG&A and other to offset the margin pressure if the pricing continues to be soft for the foreseeable future as you said. 
Jerry Nix :  I think you heard both of us correct. I think Tom’s comments about making up for the gross margin thing on the volume side, hopefully that is going to happen. The other side is we are certainly going to try and continue to take costs out of our SG&A. So it is a combination of those things. 
Tim Culler – Barrow Hanley : You expect the margins would hold if the pricing continues to be soft for the foreseeable future? You still expect to be able to offset it going forward? Is that correct? 
Jerry Nix :  That is correct. 
Tim Culler – Barrow Hanley : I don’t know if I heard you correctly but did I hear you warming up to the idea of maybe doing more on the acquisition front than you have historically or am I just reading you the wrong way? 
Tom Gallagher :  We did a couple of acquisitions last year. We have completed two this year. One small acquisition in the electrical the first of the year. It is about a $9 million per year business. Then we referenced the BC Bearing acquisition that was completed the first of March at about $140 million. We have as part of our overall growth strategy we have an acquisition component and all four of our businesses are actively looking for things they think may make sense.  On an ongoing basis we are looking at different opportunities in the different businesses but we are fairly disciplined or at least we like to think we are in how we approach these and we will not consciously over-pay for anything. We have valuation formulas we stick pretty closely to and if we can find good, accretive, bolt-on type companies that we think make good fits for GPC then we will continue to try and add them to our portfolio of companies. I don’t think we are any more open minded. Certainly no less open minded about the acquisitions than what we have been.  We found last year for instance with them their valuations were still a little bit higher than what we thought were reasonable and they may be coming a little bit more in line with the range we think is reasonable in 2010 or at least we hope so. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bill Selesky – Argus Research. 
Bill Selesky – Argus Research: On the gross margin line can you talk about the impact of incentives on the first quarter in particular? 
Tom Gallagher :  They were down slightly because of inventory reductions for the most part but they were a factor. Not a dramatic factor but they were a factor. 
Bill Selesky – Argus Research:  Secondly I just wanted to ask a question about the office products segment. You mentioned things should turn profitable next quarter or two. Can you tell me how pricing pressures relate to your feeling that things will get better over the next couple of quarters? 
Tom Gallagher :  I think we don’t see any evidence of pricing pressures intensifying. Our reasons for thinking that will turn slightly positive are based upon number one the comps are a whole lot easier compared to where we have been historically. Two, we see some stabilization in the white collar employment numbers. After declining over 2 million jobs per year in 2008 and 2009 we actually had a slight positive number for the first quarter of 2010 about 182,000 service sector jobs were added in the first quarter. So we don’t believe the downward pressures are going to be as great in the employment area as what they have been.  Lastly, some of the programs that the office products group has put together look encouraging to us. We talked a few minutes ago about what has happened in the furniture category. I think that should have a chance of continuing. A lot of good work is being done in the area of cleaning and break room supplies so we expect those numbers to hold up for us. Then I mentioned the core office supply category which is almost half of the business was off about 5% in the quarter and we think the team is working hard to find ways to bring that number back or at least get it slightly positive in the quarters ahead.  They are the reasons we think that business could get a little bit better for us but we are not looking for a dramatic turn. As I mentioned we are thinking still that flat to up 3% for the year is a reasonable expectation for that business and hopefully as we turn and get into 2011 we will get back to more historical growth rates. 
Operator:  At this time we will return the call over to the management team for closing remarks. 
Jerry Nix :  We appreciate those of you joining us on the call today. We also appreciate your ongoing and continued support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future if something comes up. Otherwise we will be talking to you at our second quarter conference call. Thank you and have a good day. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Gallagher - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer Scott Smith - Senior Vice President of Corporate Counsel 
Analysts: Mike Montani - Morgan Stanley Tony Cristello - BB&T John Murphy - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Michael Ward - Soleil Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan Scott Stember - Sidoti Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Celeste and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn today’s call over to Mr. Scott Smith, Senior Vice President of Corporate Counsel; please go ahead, sir.
Scott Smith: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts fourth quarter and year end conference call, to discuss earnings results and the 2010 outlook. Before we begin, be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management, statements of future economic performance and assumptions underlying the statements regarding the company and its business. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with brief remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Scott and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call and once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our fourth quarter and year end 2009 results and hopefully you’ve had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2.471 billion, which was down 2%. Net income was $99.2 million which was up 13% and earnings per share were $0.62 this year, compared to $0.55 in the fourth quarter of 2009, and the EPS increase was also 13%. For the full year, sales were $10.58 billion which was down 9%. Net income was $399.6 million which was down 16% and earnings per share were $2.50 compared to $2.92 last year, and that’s down 14%. So, it was a tough and challenging year for us without question, but we were a bitten encourage by the continued sequential revenue improvement that we saw across each of the four businesses in the fourth quarter results, and also by the fact that we were able to produce double-digit net income and earnings per share increases in the final quarter. This was our first positive quarter in 2009, and it is a marked improvement over our results for the first three quarters. In looking at the individual segments, the two businesses that have been most impacted over the past year are industrial and electrical/electronic. These are the two that are most closely tied to the manufacturing segment of the economy which, as you know has been severely affected by the recession. In the case of industrial, revenues were down 11% in the final quarter, and they were down 18% for the year. Now after the 22% decreases in quarters two and three, we were actually a bit encouraged to see the smaller decrease in the industrial results in the fourth quarter, but there are still work to be done to get us back into positive territory. As we look a little deeper into the industrial results, we were pleased to see that we did manage to end the year with increases in a selected group of industry segments. Food products, food processing, power generation would be three examples and we feel good about the progress made in each of these customer categories, but then they were offset by declines in the majority of our remaining industry segments, with the steepest declines coming in automotive, iron and steel, equipment and machinery, and the construction and housing related segments and the number of industry segments with decreases this past year is reflective of the broad impact of the recession across the manufacturing sector of the economy. In our third quarter conference call, we reference the early signs of improvement that we were seeing in both the industrial production and capacity utilization indices. After consistently declining over the first half of 2009, these indices started to move back up in the third quarter, and the improving trend continued on through the end of the year. Historically, these indices have been fairly reliable six to nine month leading indicators for our industrial business and as such we feel that they will lead to more favorable market conditions for us and they should enable us to report an improving performance for our industrial operations over the course of 2010. Our results in the electrical/electronic segment follow a similar pattern as our industrial results. After being down 25% in the first quarter, 34% in the second quarter, and 30% in the third quarter, we ended the year with a 12% decrease in the final quarter and we were down 26% for the year. Not where we want to be by any means, but we do think that we’re beginning to see the early signs of a very gradual recovery in this business also. One of the leading external indicators for us is the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index. Those of you who follow the index know that a number above 50 indicates expansion in the industry and below 50 indicates contraction. After being below 50 for 18 consecutive months the index top 50 in August 2009 and it has remained above 50 for six months now. This two has historically been a six to nine month leading indicator for us and as a result of the improvements seen over the past several months, we would anticipate a more positive trend for our electrical/electronic business as we progress through 2010. Moving on to Office Products; S. P. Richards was down 4% in the fourth quarter and they ended the year down 7%. We did see modest sequential improvement as the year progressed. We started off with a 7% decrease in the first quarter. We were down 6% in the second, 5% in the third and now 4% in the fourth. While we still have work to do to get back on the plus side, we are at least gradually moving in the right direction, but the impact of the consistent down sizing of the office workforce over the past 18 to 24 months has resulted in a continued decrease in consumption and demand for Office Products across the industry, and this is reflected in our results by customer category as well as product categories. We ended the year with our independent Office Products resellers being down 5% and our megawatt customers were down 10%, and then a review of the performance by product category shows that we continue to make good progress in the area of cleaning and breakroom supplies, where we generated a nice double-digit increase for the year and we would expect this category to continue to perform well, but then we ended the year with low to mid single-digit decreases in both office supplies and technology products, as well as a double-digit decrease in furniture. The biggest headwind facing our Office Products team is the continued decline in the service sector employment numbers. After growing 1.6 to 2.1 million jobs per year, 2004 to 2007, we saw this contract in 2008 by 1.6 million jobs and then it contracted again in 2009 by 1.9 million jobs. Until we see these numbers start to improve, demand across the industry is going to remain subdued. However, our Office Products team remains focused on implementing several strategic initiatives in the areas of account penetration and product and channel strategy that’s we feel will lead to an improved performance from Office Products in 2010. Finally automotive; we are especially pleased to report a 6% revenue increase for our automotive operations for the fourth quarter. Now, that still puts us down 2% for the year, but following declines of 7% in the first quarter, 5% in the second, 1% in the third, we are encouraged by the sequential improvement on a quarterly basis and we feel that we have turned the corner in our automotive operations. We continue to be impacted in the quarter by the decreases that we’ve been running in our fleet category. These are customers that range from smaller independent contractors and landscape companies, on up to the large over-the-road trucking companies, and as we have mentioned in the past, in total they represent 20% to 25% of our business and we ended the year down 10% with these customers. Conversely, we’re pleased with the continued improvement that we see in the more traditional side of our commercial business. Our two biggest programs are NAPA Autocare and major accounts. Combined they represent over $1.5 billion of our commercial or installer business, and they were up 6% and 7% respectively in the fourth quarter. These are solid results and they would indicate that we made good progress in these two important parts of our commercial or wholesale business. Additionally, if we look back at our non-fleet related commercial and wholesale business over the course of 2009, we see clear evidence of an improving trend. This segment of our customer base was down 2% in the first half, but up 9% in the second half. This shows a nice improving picture. On the cash side of our business, we were up 2% on the first half and up 3% in the second half, so showing continued improvement here and progress and we’re encouraged by the trends in many parts of our Automotive business. As mentioned earlier, we feel that we have churned the corner in our automotive operations and we look forward to an improved performance from Automotive in 2010. So that’s a quick recap on the revenue side and at this point we’ll ask Jerry to review the financial performance. Jerry.
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We’ll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom, will come back for a recap and then we’ll open the call up to your questions.  View of the income statement shows the following: total sales for the fourth quarter were down 2% at $2.5 billion, and reflect sequential improvement in each of our businesses and for the total company as Tom mentioned earlier. For the year, we finished down 9% at $10.1 billion, only our second sales decrease in the last 60 years. So we move forward to sales increases in 58 of the last 60 and are expecting to get back on track with another year of sales growth in 2010. Gross profit in the quarter increased 123 basis points to 31.1% to sales, compared to 29.8% in the fourth quarter last year. We’re pleased to show progress for the quarter in our gross margin, and for the year gross margin improved by 22 basis points to 29.9% to sales. Through the first three quarters of 2009, we are slightly behind our ‘08 gross margin levels as we have been addressing certain competitive issues and we are also challenged by reduced incentives earned on lower levels of purchases during the year. In the fourth quarter, our pricing concerns seemed to stabilize and we also had the benefit of approximately $20 million in LIFO liquidation for the quarter. Without the $20 million LIFO adjustment, gross margin would have been 30.25 for the fourth quarter. In 2010, we will continue to focus on gross margin improvement, although we’ll see a more gradual process relative to the fourth quarter movement. For the year, our cumulative pricing which represents prior increases to us were negative 2.6% in Automotive, a plus four-tenths of percent in Industrial, plus 3.7% in Office Products, and 2.0 in the electrical segment. Now let’s look at SG&A; for the fourth quarter, SG&A expenses of $605 million were up slightly from $602 million in the same period of 2008, and as a percent to sales were up approximately 60 basis points to 24.5% versus 23.9%. For the year, SG&A of $2.4 billion is down approximately $138 million and represents 23.5% of sales, which is up 80 basis points from 22.7% for 2008. Increase in expenses as a percent of sales is due to the loss of expense leverage on lower revenues, which was an ongoing challenge for us throughout 2009, despite our continued progress in reducing our cost structure. Our $138 million decrease in expenses for the year was driven by volume related declines in 2009, as well as the benefit of our cost reduction efforts related to personnel, such as salary pay freezes, deferral of additional stock option grants, travel limitations and reduced retirement benefits. In addition, we recognize pension savings to $20 million in 2009, related to the soft freeze of the company’s pension plan effective January 1 of 2009, as well as our workforce reduction. We reduced our headcount in 2009 by approximately 2,300 employees or 7% of our workforce; and this is on the heels of reduction of over 1,600 employees in 2008 or another 5% of our total headcount. Additionally in 2009, we benefited from cost reduction initiatives in areas such as facility rationalization, freight, leading and logistics management and fuel and energy consumption. In total, we estimate that our cost reduction initiatives resulted in savings of approximately $70 million for 2009, in line with our projections. We believe that around $20 million in these savings may come back to us with improved revenue growth, leaving us with a net annual cost savings of approximately $50 million going forward. With that in mind, our management teams remained focused on the ongoing assessment of the profit cost structure in our businesses and the need for future cost reductions while maintaining high standards for excellent customer service. We are in another year where tightly managing our expenses remains absolutely essential. Now let’s discuss the results by segment. We’ll go through the results for the quarter first and then we’ll touch base on the full year. Revenue for automotive in the quarter, one billion two hundred and sixty four point six million, was up 6%. Operating profit of $75.0 million was up 11%, so margin enhancement there from 5.7% to 5.9%. The Industrial group had revenue in the quarter, $736.6 million that was down 11%, operating profit, $60.2 million, down 16%. So their margins were down to 8.2% from 8.7% in the prior year of the fourth quarter. Office products revenue in the quarter, $383.8 million, that’s down 4%, operating profit of $27.0 million, down 8% so margins were down to 7.0%. The electrical group had revenue in the quarter of $89.7 million, down 12%, operating profit of $7.7 million, up 2%, so nice margin enhancement there from 7.4% to 8.6% for the quarter. Looking at the full year segment information, automotive had revenue of $5.2254 billion, representing 52% of the total and that was down 2%. They had operating profit of $387.9 million, up 1%, so again margin expansion from 7.2% to 7.4% for the full year. The Industrial group had revenue for the year of two billion eight hundred and eighty five point eight million, representing 29% of the total, operating profit of $162.4 million, down 45%, so their margins decreased significantly from 8.4% to 5.6%. Office products revenue of one billion six hundred thirty nine point zero million, down 5%. Operating profit of $126.1 million and that was down 12.5%, so they closed the year with operating margins of 7.7% from 8.3% the prior year. Electrical group had revenue for the full year, $345.8 million that was down 26%. They had operating profit of $25.3 million, down 31%, so the margins were down slightly from 7.9% to 7.3%. In summary, the operating profit margin for the fourth quarter fell slight to 6.9% from 7.0% in the fourth quarter of 2008, on a 2% sales decrease. For the year, operating profit margin is down approximately 80 basis points from 2008 to 7.0% on the 9% sales decline. Again, the decrease in operating margin is primarily the result of deleveraging operating expenses, particularly in our industrial and electrical businesses. We had net interest expense of $6.6 million, and $27.1 million for the quarter and the year respectively. This is down from the same periods in 2008. We expect our net interest expense to be approximately $26 million to $28 million, again in 2010. Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority or non-controlling interest was $640,000 expense in the fourth quarter and is $30 million for the full year. Both the fourth quarter and annual costs in this line were improved from 2008 due to positive impact of our cost reduction efforts in general, as well as lower incentive based compensation cost, such as bonuses and stock options and certain non-operating items such as favorable retirement plan valuation adjustments in 2009 of approximately $6 million, of which $2 million was recognized in the fourth quarter. This is a $13 million swing from the $11 million cost recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008. Looking ahead, we currently project the total other category to be in the $40 million to $50 million range for 2010, which assumes no retirement plan valuation adjustments positively or negatively and more normal levels of incentive based compensation which we would expect to incur with improved results. For the quarter, tax rate was approximately 39.1%, which compares to 41.6% for the fourth quarter in ‘08, decreased in last year mainly relates to the non-deductible expense in 2008 associated with the retirement plan valuation adjustment just discussed. The 39.1% rate was an increase however, from our rate through the third quarter in ‘09 as we experienced higher state and international taxes in the fourth quarter. For the year, the tax rate was approximately 38.0%, which is slightly less than the 38.1% rate for the full year in 2008, and we currently expect the tax rate for 2010 to remain at approximately 38.0%. Net income for the quarter $99.2 million, was up 13%. Earnings per share of $0.62, compared to $0.55 last year was also up 13%. For the year, net income of $400 million, down 16%, EPS $2.50, compared to $2.92 in 2008, down 14%. Now let’s touch base on a few key balance sheet items. In 2009, we took a conservative approach to managing our cash and cash at December 31, increased to $337 million from $68 million at December of ‘08. Our cash position remains strong; it’s allowed us ample funding for ongoing acquisitions, dividends and capital expenditures as well as the company’s pension contributions. So despite the challenges we faced in 2009, we continued to generate consistently strong cash flows and expect our cash position to remain sound. Accounts receivable: Accounts receivable decreased 3% from last year, including acquisitions on a 2% decrease in sales for the fourth quarter. We continued to feel good about the level and quality of our receivables and remain diligent in monitoring the financial condition of our customers and their ability to pay. Thus, limiting our exposure to write-offs and ensuring the adequacy of our reserve for bad debts. At December 31, 2009, we’re confident that the company is properly reserved. For 2010, our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than our sales growth. We are in a year where the credit environment for our customers appears to be improving. However, it’s critical that we maintain our credit discipline. Inventory 12/31/09 was $2.2 billion, down 4% or $103 million from last year, and this includes additional inventory from acquisitions of $43 million. We feel a steady improvement in our inventory levels for several consecutive years now and we’ll continue to manage this key investment tightly and show more progress in the year ahead. We’re also able to improve our accounts payable position again in 2009 with payables increasing 8% from last year to $1.1 billion. For the year, our days in payables improved to 55 days from 47 days in ‘08. We’re pleased with this progress and attribute much of it to the improved payment terms with various suppliers. With our progress in our key areas of accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable, working capital $2.6 billion at December 31, held relatively constant with the December 31, ‘08 balance up less than 2%. Excluding the improvement in cash, working capital is down 9% from December of ‘08. We’re very pleased with our progress in managing working capital and as you can see the balance sheet remains in excellent condition. We continue to generate solid cash flows and as mentioned earlier, our strong cash position provides us with the financial flexibility to consider many investment opportunities. 2009 was a record year for us from a cash perspective and cash from operations improving to approximately $845 million, and free cash flow up to nearly $450 million, after deducting capital expenditures, purchased properties under construction, lease agreement and dividends. We’re pleased with the strength of our cash flows in ’09 and we also feel good about how we used our cash during the year. The priorities for the cash in 2010 remain; first, the dividend which we paid every year since going public in 1948; raised for 54 consecutive years effective with yesterday’s Board approval of an increase in the company’s annual dividend for 2010 to $1.64 per share from $1.60 per share in 2009. Other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segments, and share repurchases. Capital expenditures were $20.1 million for the fourth quarter, down from $45 million in the fourth quarter last year and for the full year CapEx was $69.4 million, down from $105 million in ‘08. We planned on this lower level of spending in 2009, but we’re careful to make the necessary reinvestments in our businesses, related depreciation and amortization of $22.9 million in the quarter, $90.4 million for the year, up slightly from the same periods in 2008. For 2010, we can expect our CapEx to increase to approximately to $80 million to $90 million with the vast majority of these investments associated with productivity enhancing projects. D&A will likely hold pretty steady with 2009, also in $85 million to $95 million range. Strategic acquisitions continue to be an ongoing and important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. We closed on six acquisitions in 2009 and our expectation of these new operations to be at least slightly accretive to our earnings, although only minimal in 2009. As you may know, we announced on December 31 that our industrial business, Motion Industries entered into an agreement to purchase BC Bearing. Bearing and power transmission distributor headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia. BC Bearing operates 53 branches throughout Western Canada and Northwestern U.S. where we see significant growth opportunities for us. In addition, in early January our electrical business acquired a small two location electrical distributor. So we’re pleased with the acquisition opportunities that continue to present themselves and we remain disciplined in our approach to this element of our growth strategy. We generally target those bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in a $25 million to $75 million range, and we intend to follow a similar pattern in the future. In the fourth quarter of ‘09, we used our cash to repurchase approximately 722,000 shares of the company’s stock under our share repurchase program, and at December 31, 2009 we had approximately 17.8 million shares authorized and available for repurchase. Opportunistic share repurchases continue to be a priority for us and we purchased approximately 235,000 shares thus far in 2010. We’ve no set pattern for repurchases, but we expect to remain active in the program as we continue to believe that investment in GPC stock along with a dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. It’s worth mentioning and again on this call that through the first nine months of 2009, we were more focused on cash conservation and acquisition opportunities than share repurchases. With the economic uncertainties and historically low business valuations, we felt this was the most prudent way to manage our cash. Balancing these considerations against share repurchases is an ongoing process, but we absolutely believe that our stock is an attractive investment. We feel good about our priorities for cash as we move into 2010 and continue to believe that the use of cash in these areas serves to maximize the total return to shareholders. Total debt at December 31, ‘09 remains unchanged at $500 million, and includes $250 million, which matures in November 2011 and $250 million maturing in November 2013. Total debt to total capitalization December 31, ’09, 16.0% and we are comfortable with our capital structure at the current time. The company is stable. Our balance sheet is strong and this provides us with the ability to take advantage of growth opportunities regardless of economic conditions. In closing, Genuine Parts Company clearly had a challenging year in ‘09, but we remain very profitable and financially sound. We also continue to generate significant cash. We spent much of 2009 managing the company through unprecedented economic difficulties and believe that through these efforts we are a stronger company today. We made some difficult yet necessary decisions during the year that served to right size our cost structure and improve our productivity. We enter 2010 with great confidence in our growth strategies and the positive fundamentals in each of our businesses. These things as well as a more stable economy relative to where we’ve been position the company for sales and earnings growth in 2010 and we are very much looking forward to reporting on that in future calls. We’ll continue to support our growth with a strong and healthy balance sheet, and sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders. We enter 2010 from a position of strength with sound growth strategies and solid financial flexibility to fund them. This concludes our financial review and I’ll wrap it up by expressing our appreciation to all of our dedicated GPC Associates. We are very proud of this group. Their efforts have been tremendous and they remind us each day why Genuine Parts Company is the great company we believe it to be. We also want to thank our customers and suppliers and we appreciate their continued support. Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. So that’s a recap of 2009 and in many ways we are glad to get it behind us. We are certainly disappointed to end the year with decreases in both revenue and earnings. However, we are pleased with the progress that the GPC team made on the asset management and balance sheet side of the equation, despite the difficult operating environment. As far as 2010 is concerned, because of some of the progress that was made over the latter part of 2009, we feel that we’re in a position to be able to report improved and positive results for each of our businesses in 2010. Our Automotive management team showed good sequential improvement over the second half of the year and the fourth quarter results would indicate that we are gaining a bit of momentum and perhaps even recapturing some of the market share on the commercial side of the business that was lost during the first half of the year. Our expectation is for automotive revenues to be up 3% to 5% in the year ahead. In industrial and electrical, we feel that we are in the early stages of what will be a very gradual recovery and we may even experience a little choppiness in our results over the first half of the year, but our expectation is that each of these businesses will be up 2% to 4% for the full year. Our sense is that Office Products will continue to face a challenging end market for the first few quarters, but at this time we’d say, that they should end the year even to up 3%. Combining these individual expectations for each of the four businesses would give us an overall full year revenue range of plus 2% to plus 4% for Genuine Parts Company. On the earnings side, our expectation is for the operating units to produce a combined earnings increase in the mid-to-high single digit range, but then these results will be tempered somewhat by a projected unfavorable swing in our pension and retirement expenses of approximately $26 million.  Considering this additional expense in 2010 and maintaining a bit of caution until we see how the first half of the year develops, our guidance on earnings would be in the $2.52 to $2.70 range, and we would hope to refine this a bit as we get a little deeper into the year. So that will conclude our planned remarks and at this time we’d like to open the call up to your individual questions and we’ll turn the call back over to Celeste.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mike Montani - Morgan Stanley.
Mike Montani - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, congrats on a great quarter. Just wanted to ask you guys quickly, if we could delve into the gross margin a bit, still up 40 bips even if we subtract out the LIFO. Is that really all driven by pricing? And can you just help us understand volume rebate outlook for this coming year, do you need just a low single digit sales growth to get there?
Jerry Nix: Mike, I’ll take that question, this is jerry. We did have the challenge in our gross margin area because of pricing in the first nine months, but for the full year we had $80 million to $85 million less in volume incentives, so that had an impact. The marketplace itself remains very competitive, so we’re not getting any leverage there on the sales that we have. So it stayed competitive in all the markets, but the impact on gross margin in 2009 was primarily driven by less volume incentives. Now, each of the business units are currently negotiating their programs with our suppliers and it just depends on how those negotiations come out, what the impact of volume incentives have on 2010. Certainly, increased revenue will help increase the purchases and increase the volume incentives in total, but you also have to see how those programs are negotiated and some of those in the process at the current time.
Mike Montani - Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-up quickly on the automotive side, it does sound like pricing was stable there. Is that fair to say, after the adjustments that you had made earlier?
Tom Gallagher: I think it’s more stable, Mike than what it was earlier in the year, but it is very competitive still and we continue to monitor pricing on an ongoing basis and maintain our competitive positioning.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Cristello - BB&T.
Tony Cristello - BB&T: Tom, I am wondering if you could maybe categorize now, as you look into the industrial side of the business, do you still think your visibility six months out is a good indicator of what’s happening or because of the backdrop of the macro, are your customers really hesitant to sort of still kind of give any indication of where they’re thinking business maybe down the road?
Tom Gallagher: I think the six to nine month timeframe that we used in the past is still relevant and accurate. So at this point, having seen what’s happened with both the Industrial production and capacity utilization numbers for the last four months or so, we’d say that we have tempered optimism for the first half of this year.  I mentioned in my comments, we think the results for industrial and electrical maybe a little bit choppy in the first half of the year, but we do think as we work our way through the year that the industrial demand should certainly stabilize and maybe even improve a little bit for us.
Tony Cristello - BB&T: Is that choppiness attributed to any sort of sector or sub-sector that you’re seeing from a business trend standpoint right now?
Tom Gallagher: No, not necessarily, it’s really more thinking that we may have a little bit of up and down yet in the overall economy as we work our way through the first half. So we’re just trying to remain a little cautious.
Tony Cristello - BB&T: Shifting gears then on the automotive side, when you look at the progress you made throughout 2009 and it sounds like you feel pretty confident in the initiatives you took, is there anything sort of in a second phase, if you will that you want to do with respect to automotive and what your targeted plans then would be for 2010 with respect to that?
Tom Gallagher: Well, we have very specific plans for automotive as we have for all of the businesses for the year ahead. We would not want to get into the details of those plans on this call, but we’ve got specific initiatives that are being implemented right now that we think will help to position automotive where it should be in the marketplace.
Tony Cristello - BB&T: When you look at the sort of recovery in the automotive in the second half versus first half of last year and then if you were to categorize it, has most of that market share driven in terms of gaining back and seeing improvement in revenue, has it been a function of macro environment just helping you from a sort of deferral mentality or keeping vehicles longer? Has it been just sort of attributed to anyone? Has it been more of a combination and what you’re seeing now? I’m assuming weather is playing a little bit of a benefit to you as well.
Tom Gallagher: Well, it’s a combination of the things that you referenced. Keep in mind that we feel we lost a little bit of share over the first half of the year and we did some things late first, early second quarter that were intended to try to help us recapture some of that share.  I think the fact that we were down 1% in the third quarter and then up 6% in the fourth would indicate that we may have recovered some of what we lost. It’s also important to remember that the overall market for automotive is better than it is for our other three businesses. So, we’re fortunate that the aftermarket has been comparatively healthy compared to the other businesses that we’re in.  As far as the weather, the weather actually has been a negative in the first part of this year. We will recover some of that as those vehicles are used again, but the fact that many of our customers were closed through the first part of the year, January, February, and the fact that many of those vehicles were not running, I think that that will have a little bit of tempering effect on our results. I might mention that we will recover some in automotive, but what happens in the remaining three businesses is that if their customer base is not operating, that business is gone and gone forever, because if the equipment is not running in industrial or in electrical or people aren’t working in the offices and office products, you don’t get that demand back, but these are temporary things and we’ll work our way through them over the next few weeks.
Tony Cristello - BB&T: Last, Jerry, when you look at them, can you sort of with organic versus acquired revenue growth in Q4 as well as any currency impact in Q4 and then also just a clarification does the guidance of the 2% to 4% include impact of acquisitions such as BC Bearings as well?
Tom Gallagher: I might answer that, Tony. As far as the impact of currency exchange and acquisitions for the quarter, it was a positive two. For the year, it was a negative two. So we saw that play out that way.  As far as the 2% to 4%, that does include the expected revenue gained from the BC Bearing acquisition and the Fay Electric on the electrical side, but it does not include anything beyond that. As a matter of information, we expect to close on BC Bearing at the end of this month and take over March 1st.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: A broad question and then kind of take you down to industrial and automotive. As you look at your cost cutting efforts and slightly maybe some repositioning in the automotive side, is there anything more that you can do internally or is the future just really a function of you keeping control over what you’ve done and the leverage from sales beginning to comeback? I’m just trying really to understand, because when we look at the industrial business there was certainly better than expected, at least better than we expected revenue and the margins were much stronger. I’m just trying to think as we go forward and think about 2010, if it’s really a case of operating leverage and you’ve done a lot of the hard work already?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think we’ve done some good work throughout all four of the businesses and I think our management teams from our perspective should be complimented, but that’s not say that we feel that our work is done. There are some additional opportunities that we have in all of the businesses. We have some very specific opportunities identified and we have teams in place to help us do the work necessary to capitalize on those. So I think there’s more in the way of cost reduction that will be done in all four of the businesses, but honestly we’re hoping for some top line growth. So we can get a little bit of leverage off of what’s been done and what will be done also in 2010, but we don’t think we’re anywhere near the bottom yet in terms of our ability to take some cost out.
John Murphy - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And Tom when we look at industrial in the fourth quarter and the great operating margin that you guys posted of 8.2%, I mean there was obviously some operating leverage from the top line growth or say better than top line than we thought, but I mean what specifically was driving that big 8.2% margin? Was there LIFO liquidation that was helping out there or were there other specific initiatives?
Jerry Nix: John, primarily in the industrial side, the LIFO that we talked about earlier, the bulk of that came in the industrial side. So they benefited from that in the fourth quarter, but they also had taken some cost out earlier in the year and they were projecting revenue growth and we gave that in our third quarter conference call. They were projecting revenue growth to be down more than 11%.  So the benefit is some from leverage, but the primary pickup there was in the LIFO gain in the fourth quarter.
John Murphy - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Then just lastly on the retirement in OPEB liabilities look like they have cranked down from the first half of the year. They were running around $449 million and they were down about $300 million on the balance sheet, yet you’re talking about higher expense in 2010 versus 2009. What’s the discrepancy there?
Jerry Nix: John, I’ll have to get into that with you offline. I don’t have the answer to that at this point, but we’ll get back to you on that. Primarily John, it’s the pension plan. The contribution we made in the first quarter of the year and then the pension curtailment, but I’ll get back to you with specifics.
Tom Gallagher: I might just add to that, it’s more a comparative issue. We did a little better as Jerry pointed out in his comments, we did a little better on the pension expense in 2009 than was anticipated and we don’t expect that to repeat. We’re going to normalize again in 2010. So it’s a comparison issue.
John Murphy - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Actually I’ll just hop off after this, but the soft freeze was just for the year of 2009, not for 2010, that’s coming off?
Jerry Nix: Well, that’s [Inaudible] has an impact going forward. It reduces our pension expense going forward. The thing that we did in 2009 is because the headcount reduction, we had a pension curtailment that we picked up significant income as a result of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: A couple questions for you, first of all, on the gross margin line. Can you talk about the impact of incentives on the fourth quarter in particular? You talked about an $80 million to $85 million hit over the course of the year, but presumably as your revenues came in a little bit better in the fourth quarter you were able to do a little bit better than you had expected on the rebate side?
Jerry Nix: Matt, primarily we complete those incentives, we do our best to target those as we go throughout the year and have them hit each quarter based on projections, and that’s pretty much what happened in the industrial sector. We spread those incentives out over the year and as well in the office products and those are two primary business segments that that occur in.  So the gross margin impact there would have been spread throughout each quarter. The one thing that’s positive that occurred was a pickup in the LIFO in the fourth quarter.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: My second question relates to SG&A. Your dollars were up and that was despite the pension numbers not being quite as severe as we had expected actually favorable variance. Was there incentive compensation that you were able to pay out, given that the earnings ended up being certainly better than most of the street numbers?
Jerry Nix: Not to speak of, we didn’t grant any options in 2009. We also gave no salaried personnel any increases in 2009. We do have a number of our folks that are driven by profit incentives and are on a bonus plan and some of them were paid out, even though we did better than expected, those incentives that were paid out were less than made the prior year and less than they were projected to make.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: So I guess if year-to-date through the third quarter your SG&A has been down roughly 7%, and if you back out some of the adjustments last year, the increase were larger than that, I guess; any particular reason?
Jerry Nix: No, not that I’m aware of. Again, we had to accrue for some bonuses at the end of the fourth quarter, but it was still, again lower than the prior year, but it was higher than it was in the first three quarters.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: My next question relates to the industrial business. Obviously, we’ve heard lots about an inventory correction and inventory restocking through the industrial complex broadly speaking, driving more throughput than final demand in this kind of a systemic thing.  Tom, what is your sense as to the nature of the improvement in the industrial business. Would it be inventory driven from your customers, or do you think they’re also seeing improvement at the point of sale?
Tom Gallagher: I think there was some inventory replenishment throughout the segment, but I also think we get anecdotal information about lines being started back up or running a little bit longer, and we see a little bit of that happening in the current environment in some of the industry segments, not all of them, but in some we like what we see.  The food and food related industries, for instance they continue to perform pretty well for us. The power generation and the alternative energy segments continue to perform pretty well. Some of the heavy industrial as we mentioned automotive, iron and steel we see those continuing that to have an uphill battle yet to get back to where we were.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple quick ones, if you look at historical seasonality in your business and the industrial business, frankly, most of your businesses, the first quarter is stronger than the fourth quarter. That’s less true in automotive, but distinctively true in industrial with the exception of last year obviously when things slowed down. Are we ready to go back to historical seasonality at this point? Do you think we’ve based such that trend going forward on a sequential basis should be no worse than it’s typically been?
Tom Gallagher: I’d like to defer the answer to that until the end of this first quarter. We don’t have a sense for that yet, Matt honestly. The only way I could answer it is in a very broad sense and that is that, we feel better about the opportunities in 2010 than we did going into 2009. We think there is more firmness in the end market currently than clearly there was in the first part of 2009. So we’re cautious, but we’re more optimistic than we are pessimistic as we were at the end of 2008 going into 2009.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Just a quick final question, you talked about the trends for megas versus independents in the office products business on the year. Jerry, could you tell us what that looked like for the fourth quarter in particular?
Jerry Nix: I can tell you, Matt, if you just give me a minute on it. We were down six on the independent side and down two on the mega side in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli - RBC.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC:  First of all, couple of clarifications. Did you say most of the 90 basis points or so of LIFO adjustments were in the industrial segment?
Jerry Nix: Yes. 80% would have been in the industrial. We had some LIFO pickup in the electrical side. The office products group is on FIFO inventory so there would have been none of that there and then been a minor amount in the automotive side.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: Then outside of the LIFO adjustment, was the only other let’s call it one timeish item that the $2 million of so was pension expense, or was there anything else in the P&L in the quarter?
Jerry Nix: No, those were the major items, Scott.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC:  Then the last question I guess a little bit broader. Maybe this is for Tom. Can you just talk about the operating environment in the auto segment a bit? Obviously you guys have made some changes, you made some price changes. We have cross currents with gas prices, new car sales, and miles driven. How would you sum up how you guys are thinking about the auto business at this point?
Tom Gallagher: We think that 2010 is going to be more favorable for us than 2009 turned out to be. We think most of the demographics that we look at are positive, favorable going forward. I was looking at something recently, just as an example. In 2008, 29% of the vehicles registered were one to five years old. Forecasts or predictions are that that will drop to 19% in 2013, 81% then being six years and older and the significance for us is that vehicles that are six years and older, the annual expenditures for parts and maintenance are a little bit better than two times what they are for vehicles one to five years old. So that’s a positive the miles driven were very modest improvement year-over-year, as least seem to have stopped the declines. So I think the overall climate is better than it was in the past year and I think over the next several years, it’s a bit more favorable than what we’ve just come through and then more specific to us.  I think some of the initiatives that our automotive team has implemented and some of the plans that they have going forward should enable us to perform at a higher level in 2010 and beyond than what we did in 2009.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: What are the expectations for the fleet business for 2010?
Tom Gallagher: Right now we’re just hoping it stays flat for the whole year with some decrease in the first part and a little bit of improvement in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Ward - Soleil.
Michael Ward - Soleil:  On the pricing side, you said automotive, Jerry minus 2.6%. Was that the year or the fourth quarter?
Jerry Nix: No, that was for the year. The fourth quarter was 7/10 of a percent negative.
Michael Ward - Soleil:  So is that kind of the run rate going forward?
Jerry Nix: I’m not sure, after coming off of the highest inflation we’ve seen in 20 something year in 2008 and then get into a negative pricing environment in 2009, I think at this point we’re not expecting to see any decreases or increases in it.
Michael Ward - Soleil: Part of that was your strategy, just to try to go after some of those commercial customers?
Jerry Nix: Those prices I’ve given you are prices to us from our suppliers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan
Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan:  This is Ryan Brinkman for Himanshu Patel. You talked a little bit about in your prepared remarks the prospect or outlook for bolt on acquisitions. How are the multiples you might be being asked to pay changing as the economy now recovers and is that impacting your capital allocation strategy at all?
Tom Gallagher: Well, the multiples of late have been more inline with what we consider to be more reasonable than what we had encountered a year or so ago. How they’ll be impacted in the year ahead, I don’t know, but we try to value off of historical earnings and not projected earnings. So the historical earnings are going to include 2009 and will reflect the difficult environment. So we pay on past performance, not on anticipated performance.
Jerry Nix: Brian, what the multiples that we’re willing to pay has not changed. The expectation has changed because the private equity money has basically disappeared and then not others out there with balance sheets to do it today, but what we’re willing to pay has not changed but the expectations have comedown in some cases and some they haven’t and we’re going to maintain our discipline until they do and if not, we’ll continue to repurchase the stock and use the cash that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember - Sidoti.
Scott Stember - Sidoti: Do you guys have what the automotive segment sales excluding currency?
Jerry Nix: I don’t know, we have it by segment or not, but we can get back to you. Let us check on that. We don’t have it right here with our information, but we’ll get back to you.
Scott Stember - Sidoti: Could you talk about how you do it yourself segment performed for you in the quarter?
Tom Gallagher: I don’t have it for the quarter. I do have it for the second half and we were up 2% in the first half and 3% in the second half of the year.
Scott Stember - Sidoti: Some of the macro trends you guys touched on, maybe you could just expand on the impact that the closing of the new car dealerships is having on your business, any anecdotal stories that you’re hearing at the shop level?
Tom Gallagher: Well, the reduction in new car dealerships is a positive for the independent repair trade in the aftermarket. Any work, non-warranty work that was being done in any of the dealerships now is being moved into the independent aftermarket. So I think if you look at some of the publicly traded companies that do repair work, you’ll see that it’s had a favorable impact on their results. I think we mentioned in our comments that we had a nice quarter with our major accounts and with our NAPA Autocare customers. I think the increased demand for their services is reflected in those numbers. So we think that’s a positive for the aftermarket and it’s going to continue, it looks like through 2010 and perhaps beyond. The reports that I’ve seen basically say that there will be fewer car dealerships at the end of the year. We’re in right now than there were this past year and some of those disenfranchised dealers have in fact opened up independent repair operations and used car businesses and they’ve become really good prospects and then customer candidates for us.
Operator: Your final question comes from Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co.: Just very briefly, I want to talk about the fleet customer on the automotive side and what really drives that customer that’s such a wide array of end users of customer mix? Is it construction? Is it freight? What should we be looking for to really see that flat 2010 outlook improve?
Tom Gallagher: Well, if we kind of slice it a little bit, construction would certainly have a positive or negative impact on the one end of the spectrum and they would be the landscapers and the contractors and people like that. On the other end, if you go all the way to the other end of the spectrum, it’s the big class six, seven and eight vehicles over-the-road equipment and truck tonnage is an important measurement there and if they’re moving for freight, they’re going to be using that equipment. So what we expect is as I mentioned is that the first half maybe still down a bit, but the second half, it’s our expectation that we’ll see that pickup just a little bit, just because of the projected improvement in the overall economy in 2010.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Co.: One last question, if I might. Product mix on the automotive side across your segments, with the understanding that your customers are always looking for best price, have you seen any movement back towards better and best offerings versus value? 
Tom Gallagher: In some particular instances, we have. We’ve seen it in our friction product offering as a for instance, because there is a significant value proposition for them there. So we’ve seen it happen in product categories like that, but then we continue to see an overall price sensitivity and an overall movement towards the value line type of product and our product positioning strategy is good, better, best and the good and better unit growth is stronger for 2009, than the best unit growth would be. We don’t expect that to change dramatically in this coming year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we have reached the allotted time for question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Celeste. We appreciate those of you joining us on the call today and we also appreciate your continued interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to a better 2010, and we look forward to talking with you at our April conference call for the first quarter results.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s Genuine Parts fourth quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance & Corporate Secretary Tom Gallagher - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Austin Paul - RBC Capital Markets  Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Michael Ward - Soleil Securities  Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley Keith Hughes - SunTrust Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company Erica Wolford - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is [Melinda] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance, you may now begin your conference.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts third quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for the remainder of the year. Before we begin, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure, and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management, statements of future economic performance and the assumptions underlying those statements regarding the company and its business. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with comments from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call and once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have.  Earlier this morning, we released our third quarter 2009 results and hopefully you’ve had an opportunity to review them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2.607 billion, which was down 10%. Net income was $107.6 million, which was down 18%, and earnings per share was $0.67 this year compared to $0.81 in the third quarter of 2008, and EPS decrease was 17%.  In looking at the individual results by business segment, our automotive revenues were down 1% in the quarter. This follows a 7% decrease in the first quarter and a 5% decline in the second quarter. As a matter of information, currency exchange impacted our results by 1% and without this, we ended the quarter even with prior year.  So while we are not yet where we feel we should be in our automotive operations, we were encouraged by the third quarter improvement over the first two quarters and we do see some positive things happening in our automotive segment.  Within our company store group, we closed or consolidated a number of stores; however, our same-store sales were up 1% in the quarter. This follows decreases of 3% and 1% in same-store sales in the first two quarters and we are encouraged by the trend in the same-store sales and we look for this to continue in the quarters ahead.  Our independently owned stores were even in the quarter as a group. This follows a 4% decrease in the first quarter and a 2% decrease in the second quarter, so we are seeing sequential improvement in this important segment of our automotive business as well.  As far as the composition of our company store sales is concerned, we continue to experience stronger results in the cash or retail side of the business than the wholesale or commercial side. Our cash business was up 4% in the quarter while our commercial business was down 2%. The cash portion of the business has held up reasonably well for us and in fact our third quarter performance is the strongest of the year.  And while still down on the commercial side, the 2% decline is the smallest decrease of the year and we do see some positive signs in this segment. As has been the case all year long, our biggest challenge on the commercial side is in the fleet category. Fleet customers would range from contractor and landscape type companies all the way up to large trucking companies. We continue to run low double-digit decreases in this portion of our business but we are encouraged by our progress in the remainder of our commercial business. In fact, our installer business was actually up mid-single-digits in the quarter following solid results in the second quarter which shows some good progress being made in our commercial business with the exception of fleet, and we feel that these results validate the effectiveness of a number of the initiatives that have been put in place over the past six months and this progress should continue in the quarters ahead.  Just as a reminder, examples of some of the initiatives undertaken more recently would be in the area of pricing where adjustments have been made to certain product categories to meet market pricing, a heightened focus on some specific product categories, friction, ride control, and chassis parts would be examples, an increased focus on key installer programs like NAPA auto care, major accounts, as well as our priority accounts. And we continue to feel that we are making progress in all three of these areas.  So summarizing our comments in automotive, we are not satisfied with where we find ourselves year-to-date at down 4%; however, after being down 7% in the first quarter and 5% in the second quarter, we feel that the 1% decline in Q3 does show good sequential improvement and with some of the positive things that we have seen over the past two quarters, our expectation is for our automotive operations to get back on the plus side in the fourth quarter.  Moving on to the industrial segment, it was another challenging quarter for these operations. After being down 16% in the first quarter and 22% in the second quarter, we were down 22% again in the third quarter and we are now down 20% year-to-date. The ongoing effects of the recession on the manufacturing segment of the economy have really had a dramatic impact on demand across the majority of our industrial customer base and this is evidenced by the fact that through September, 11 of our 12 major product categories are down year-to-date and some are down significantly, and most customer categories are down as well, with automotive, iron and steel, equipment and machinery, and the housing and construction related segments all experiencing the steepest declines.  So the impact has been widely felt throughout most parts of our industrial business. However, on the positive side, food processing, beverage and some of the energy related segments are generating growth for us, which is good to see, so there are a few bright spots as well.  And similar comments can be made about EIS, our electrical segment, which is also directly tied to the manufacturing segment of the economy. You may recall that EIS was down 25% in the first quarter, followed by a 34% decrease in the second quarter and we were down 30% in the third quarter. And as we have experienced with our industrial operations, the declines in electrical are pretty much spread across the breadth of product categories and customer segments also.  So we continue to find the end market demand to be quite challenging in our industrial and electrical operations. But as mentioned in our last call, we seem to have stabilized somewhat over the past five to six months. While not showing any definitive signs of getting any better at this point, fortunately it is not getting any worse either.  Recent industrial production, manufacturers capacity utilization, and purchasing manager index numbers show some improvement over the past few months and as a result, we have seen a slight increase in our average daily sales volume at motion and EIS over the same timeframe. This is a bit encouraging and if the improvement in these three indices is sustainable, this should result in an increase in demand for both motion and EIS mid to late first quarter or early second quarter of next year.  And finally a few comments on office products -- after being down 7% in the first quarter and down 6% in the second quarter, this group ended the third quarter down 5%, so we continue to see a steady to modestly improving trend within the office products group despite the ongoing decline in office worker employment numbers.  As has been the pattern all year long, both the independent office products reseller and mega dealer customer segments had decreases in the quarter. The independents were down 4% and the [inaudible] were down 8% and on a year-to-date basis the independents and megas are down 5% and 12% respectively, so both segments of our customer base have been impacted.  On the product side, our best-performing categories in the quarter and year-to-date are cleaning and break room supplies followed by the core office supplies segment and our weakest results are in technology products and office furniture.  One of the key demand drivers for office products is growth in office employment. This is where the majority of the office supplies are being used and after several years of steady growth, office employment has been in contraction for seven consecutive quarters now resulting in lower demand across the industry. This presents some significant challenges for our office products team to overcome but they continue to maintain their focus on initiatives that will help them and their customers get back to positive growth as the office employment picture starts to stabilize and improve somewhat in the quarters ahead.  So that’s a quick review of the sales results for the quarter. I will now ask Jerry to discuss the financial performance. Jerry. 
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We will partially review the income statement and segment information and then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back on for a brief recap and then we will open the call up to your questions.  A view of the income statement shows the following -- total sales for the third quarter 2009 were down approximately 10% to $2.6 billion, and reflect another period of slight sequential improvement for automotive and office products, as well as more consistent results in our industrial and electrical businesses.  Gross profit in the quarter was down slightly to 29.4% of sales compared to 29.5% in the third quarter last year. Our gross margin year-to-date of 29.6% also remained down slightly from last year and is primarily driven by reduced volume incentives earned, which was caused by the lower levels of purchases.  For the year through September, our cumulative pricing, which represents the prior increases to us, were a negative 1.9% in automotive, plus three-tenths of 1% in industrial, plus 3.5% in office and plus 1.5% in electrical.  Now let’s look at SG&A. As a percent to sales, SG&A increased 67 basis points to 22.8% versus 22.1% in the third quarter of 2008, and for the year-to-date period SG&A is up 82 basis points to 23.2 compared to 22.4% last year. The increase for the quarter and year-to-date is due to the loss of expense leverage on lower sales, which remains a challenge for us even with our continued progress in reducing our cost structure, which we’d like to discuss further.  For the third quarter, SG&A expenses of $595 million were down $43 million compared to $638 million last year. For the nine months thus far in 2009, SG&A of $1.8 billion is down approximately $142 million.  As we discussed last quarter, our improvement in SG&A expenses is driven through the initiatives that we have been implementing to reduce our cost structure. These initiatives include a reduction in headcount and other cost reduction efforts related to personnel such as salary pay freezes, deferral of additional stock option grants, travel limitations, and reduced retirement benefits.  During the quarter, we reduced our headcount by another 500 employees for a total work force reduction of approximately 1900 employees, or 6% of our headcount in 2009. Combined with our workforce reduction efforts in 2008, our total employment had been reduced by over 11% from the beginning of 2008. In addition to these personnel related savings, we continue to benefit from cost reduction initiatives in areas such as facility rationalization, fleet management, and fuel and energy consumption.  We estimate that in total, our targeted cost reduction efforts have reduced and resulted in savings of approximately $20 million and $55 million for the third quarter and for the nine months respectively. We will remain diligent in managing our expenses and will do so with a continued focus on providing and maintaining excellent customer service.  We are currently on track to achieve cost savings of $65 million to $75 million in 2009, which is an increase from our previous estimates.  Now let’s discuss the results by segment -- automotive had revenue in the quarter, $1.3816 billion, representing 53% of the total and down 1%. Operating profit of $107.7 million was down 4%, so a slight margin decrease from 8.0% to 7.8%.  Industrial group had revenue in the quarter of $711.5 million, representing 27% of the total. That was down 22%. Operating profit, $36.5 million, down 53%, so margin degradation down to 5.1% as an operating margin. Office products revenue in the quarter, $436.3 million, representing 17% of the total and down 5%. Operating profit, $26.7 million, down 20% so again margin deterioration to 6.1%.  The electrical business had revenue in the quarter of $89.4 million, 3% of the total, down 30% with operating profit of $6.8 million and down 34%, so a slight margin deterioration there from 8.1% to 7.6%.  So in summary, the consolidated operating margin for the third quarter fell approximately 130 basis points to 6.8% from 8.1% in the third quarter of ’08. For the nine months, our 7.0% operating margin is down 110 basis points from last year. Our decrease in operating margin is primarily the result of the deleveraging of SG&A expenses, particularly in our industrial and electrical businesses.  We had net interest expense of $6.7 million and $25 million for the quarter and nine months respectively, which is down slightly from the same period in 2008. We expect our net interest to be approximately $27 million to $29 million for the full year.  The other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles, and minority interest, showed a $356,000 expense for the third quarter and is $27.9 million through September. Costs on this line are down significantly from last year due to the positive impact of our cost reduction efforts and lower expenses for incentive based compensation.  In addition, this line reflects a favorable $4 million retirement plan valuation adjustment recorded in the third quarter. You may recall we had a $3 million positive adjustment in the second quarter, which basically reversed to $3 million valuation charge required for the retirement plan in the first quarter. As you can see, these quarterly valuation adjustments can go either way, depending upon the markets.  For now, we’ve assume no valuation adjustment in the fourth quarter. We project that the total other category will be in the $40 million to $50 million range for the full year 2009, which is an improvement over last year.  For the quarter, our tax rate was approximately 36.9%, which is down from last year’s third quarter and our previous 2009 rate due to favorable tax treatment on a $4million retirement valuation adjustment noted earlier. For the nine months, our tax rate is approximately 37.6%, which is up slightly from last year due to the favorable tax impact from the sale of [Johnson Industries] during the first quarter in ’08. We expect our tax rate for the full year in ’09 to be in the range of 37.5% to 38.0%.  Net income for the quarter, $107.6 million, down 18%, earnings per share of $0.67 compared to $0.81 last year, down 17%. Now this compares to declines of 25% in the first quarter and 20% in the second quarter and for the nine months, net income is $300.4 million. That’s down 23%. EPS of $1.88 compared to $2.36 in 2008, which is down 20%.  Now let’s move on to discuss our balance sheet, which remains quite strong. We remain conservative in managing our cash as we mentioned to you in our previous calls that we would be in 2009. Cash at September 30th increased to $363 million compared to $124 million in September last year and $68 million at December 31 ’08.  Our cash position remains strong and has allowed us ample funding for ongoing acquisitions, dividends, and capital expenditures, as well as the company’s pension contribution.  So despite our declining sales over the past few periods, we continue to generate consistently strong cash flows and expect our cash position to remain sound, although it’s likely to vary based upon the timing of the investment opportunities that may arise.  Accounts receivable decreased 7% from last year on a 10% decrease in sales for the quarter and although we still see room for more improvement in receivables, we continue to feel good about the level and quality of our receivables.  We also remain diligent in monitoring the financial condition of our customers and their ability to pay to ensure the adequacy of our reserve for bad debts and we believe we are properly reserved at September 30, 2009.  Going forward, our goal at GPC remains for our change in receivables to be favorable to our change in revenue, thus improving our days sales outstanding.  Inventory at 9/30/09 was $2.2 billion, down 6% or approximately $130 million from the third quarter last year and from December 31 ’08. This includes additional inventory of approximately $64 million from acquisitions dating back to the fourth quarter last year. So without this acquired inventory, we decreased our inventory by 8%.  We are pleased with this steady improvement in our inventory levels and will continue to manage this investment tightly.  Accounts payable up $54 million or 5% from last September and is up $115 million or 11% from December 31 ’08. With this increase, our days payables has improved to 56 days from 47 days last year. We are very pleased with this improvement and attribute much of our progress to the ongoing negotiations to improve our payment terms with certain suppliers.  We continue to make progress managing our working capital, which was $2.6 billion at September 30 ’09 up approximately 6% from September 30 last year and about even with working capital at December 31 ’08.  The increase from the third quarter last year reflects the accounting for $250 million in debt as current liabilities at September 30 ’08. As this debt agreement expired and was renewed at a favorable rate last November, the $250 million was reclassified as long-term in the fourth quarter, so on a comparable basis working capital at September 30 ’09 is down 4% from last year. As you can see, our balance sheet remains in excellent condition.  We continued to generate solid cash flows and our strong cash position provides us with the financial flexibility to explore many opportunities. After another very good quarter from a cash perspective, we currently expect to maintain our cash from operations at approximately $750 million for the full year, which is a significant increase from 2008.  After deducting capital expenditures and dividends, free cash flow for the year should be in the area of $400 million, which would also be significantly improved from our 2008 cash flow.  Priority for the cash remains first, the dividend, which we’ve increased for 53 consecutive years. This represents a strong track record of consistent growth and dependability of an above average dividend yield, which is currently in the range of 4% to 4.5%. The continuous strength of our cash flows provides us confidence in our ability to sustain our dividend record.  Other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchases, and where appropriate strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segments.  Capital expenditures for the third quarter of $12.4 million were down $3.4 million from third quarter last year and for the nine months in ’09, capital expenditures of $49.4 million.  Related depreciation and amortization, $22.6 million in the quarter, $67.5 million for the nine months. For the full year, we continue to expect our CapEx spending to be in the range of $65 million to $75 million, and we expect our D&A to remain relatively steady with ’08 in the $85 million to $95 million range.  Strategic acquisitions, also an ongoing and important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company -- through the nine months in 2009, we’ve closed on six acquisitions and we expect these new operations to be accretive to our earnings, although any accretion would be minimal in 2009.  We targeted these bolt-on types of acquisitions with annual revenues in the $25 million to $75 million range and we intend to follow a similar pattern of strategic acquisitions in the future. We remain disciplined in our approach to this growth strategy and look forward to more success in this area.  Opportunistic share repurchases have and continue to be a priority and although we’ve not made any share repurchases thus far in 2009, we have approximately 18.5 million shares authorized to repurchase. We’ve been active in the share repurchase program since 1994. We have no set pattern for repurchases but we continue to believe that an investment in GPC stock, along with the dividend, provides the best return to shareholders.  It’s probably important to emphasize that thus far in 2009, we’ve been more focused on cash conservation as well as acquisition opportunities. With the economic uncertainties and historically low business valuation levels, we feel this is the best way to manage our cash. Balancing these considerations against share repurchases is an ongoing process but we absolutely believe that our stock is an attractive investment.  Depending on acquisition activity in the fourth quarter, we could be more active in our share repurchase program as we close out 2009.  Total debt remains unchanged at $500 million, although as mentioned earlier, the $250 million in current debt in the third quarter of ’08, which expired November last year, was renewed on favorable terms for another five years and reclassified as long-term debt during the fourth quarter of 2009.  Our $500 million of long-term debt at September 30, 2009 includes $250 million which matures in November 2011 and $250 million due in November 2013.  Total debt, total capitalization at September 30, 2009 -- 16.1% and we are comfortable with our capital structure at the current time.  Our balance sheet is strong and provides us with the ability to take advantage of growth opportunities even in the midst of the current economic weakness.  In summary, you can see that the Genuine Parts Company remains very profitable and financially sound and continues to generate significant cash during these challenging times.  While keeping an eye on the economy, we remain focused on those areas of our businesses that we have control over and will continue to support our growth plan with a strong and healthy balance sheet, as well as sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders.  Our greatest challenge for the next few quarters would be achieving stronger top line growth, which is needed to effectively maintain and grow our operating margins and overall earnings. As you can see, with sales down 10%, we will lose some margin, despite [inaudible] million for cost reduction in our businesses. That said, we are confident in our management teams, their growth strategies, and the positive fundamentals in each of our businesses.  No question 2009 has been a difficult year due to a lot of factors. However, even though we are not satisfied with these results, we are not discouraged. We know that we will emerge from this cycle a much better company.  So that’s our financial view and I will just close by expressing our sincere appreciation to all of our GPC associates for their efforts and to our customers and their suppliers and our suppliers for their continued support. Tom. 
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well that recaps our third quarter and nine month results and with sales down 11% through September, net income down 23% and earnings per share down 20%, it obviously has been a tough and challenging year for GPC. As you heard earlier, automotive has improved a bit over the past two quarters and we expect this to continue in the coming quarters. Office products seem to be moving in the right direction but at a slower pace than automotive. Our biggest challenges have been and continue to be in the industrial and electrical segments and at this time, we feel that it will be another quarter or two before we see any material recovery in either of these businesses.  With that said, our expectation for the fourth quarter is for revenues to be down 5% to 6%. That’s an improvement from the 11% decrease in the first, 12% in Q2, and 10% in Q3 but this would still put us down 9% to 10% for the year. On the earnings side, we anticipate fourth quarter earnings per share to be in the $0.44 to $0.50 per share range and this would put us at $2.32 to $2.38 for the year. This would be down 18% to 21%, which is about in line with where we find ourselves through nine months.  So that concludes our remarks and at this point, we’d like to take your questions and we’ll turn the call back over to the operator. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Austin Paul - RBC Capital Markets : This is Austin Paul sitting in for Scott today. My first question relates to the segment breakout you provided, specifically the operating profit on the other line item. You mentioned the positive impact of the $4 million on the pension valuation but when I add that back, I still get a lower number, both sequentially and year over year. I was wondering if you could help me understand what else is in that other line item and if this represents a new run-rate going forward. 
Jerry Nix: I don’t believe it represents a new run-rate, Austin. What’s in that line is our corporate expense and that includes a number of things, such as that pension but you are right -- we were down about $9 million to $10 million there and $4.5 million of that was due to the retirement plan adjustment. The other was due to a lack of stock option expense and also an adjustment to the bonuses that we accrued. We are obviously not going to be paying out the bonuses that we had planned on at the beginning of the year so it’s a combination primarily of those three items that makes up most of it. 
Austin Paul - RBC Capital Markets : Great, thank you. And my second question relates to the pricing trends you’ve talked about previously, the NAPA segment. What are you seeing there both this quarter and going forward, and could you please talk a little bit about how that affected both the sales and operating profit at that segment?
Tom Gallagher: I’ll try to answer that question -- as far as what we are seeing currently, we think there is some stability in the marketplace currently but we also feel with our pricing checks and surveys that we’ve got a little more adjusting to do on some specific product categories and we’ll be making some of those adjustments in the fourth quarter.  As far as the impact thus far this year in automotive, it’s a negative 1.9% through September. 
Austin Paul - RBC Capital Markets : Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: I guess one of the questions I wanted to talk -- I have a few but when you think about the trends in automotive, if I were to strip out fleet now, would it be close on your core automotive to being back up to a sort of flat to positive on a sales basis?
Tom Gallagher: Core automotive would be up, absent fleet. The fleet impact is -- well, tapping there is costing us about 2 points currently. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Do you think that the sequential improvement is totally related to the initiatives or are you -- and I guess in that, are you gaining some share back or do you think that the trends in the industry as a whole have perhaps accelerated a little bit or continued to strengthen, given the duration of the macro?
Tom Gallagher: That’s a multi-part question but trying to break it down, I would start by saying that of the four businesses that we are in, the best economy or the best segment is the automotive, without question. So we were underperforming, as you know, for several quarters and I think now what’s happened is that we are performing a bit better. It would suggest that maybe we are regaining a little bit of the share that we lost in some prior quarters and I do think it’s sustainable as we move through the next few quarters. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And then shifting gears to the office segment, do you think or can you attribute anything to sort of what happened this quarter and what was sort of the sequential improvement and is there something that you might see happen to exhibit I guess further improvement on office? Typically it’s more of a late cycle recovery but I’m just wondering if there’s anything specific that you saw that led to that improvement. 
Tom Gallagher: No, I think we started to really feel the effects in office products in the fourth quarter of last year. And our folks have been working awfully hard over the past several quarters to try to recover from that, so they’ve got some focused initiatives that I think are yielding a little bit of positive impact for them and I don’t think there’s any dramatic change in the external climate. You know, I mentioned earlier that office worker employment is one of the key drivers for us and if we look back, we were really running quite well in the 2004 through 2007 timeframe and in that period of time, white collar employment was going up anywhere from 1.6 million to 2.1 million jobs per year. Last year white collar employment contracted about 1.6 million, with 900,000 of those occurring in the fourth quarter and thus far this year, we’ve contracted about 2.1 million jobs. If we’re looking for positives, at least sequentially, the job contraction is going down. It was down 1.1 million in the first quarter, roughly 600,000 in the second quarter and 400,000 in the third quarter but it still means we’re going to be down 2.3 million, 2.4 million for the year and that’s the biggest headwind that our office products team faces today. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: And I guess the last question and I’ll let someone else ask but when you look at the industrial motion piece of the business and if you go back to I guess the early 2000s and the last time you sort of faced a tough operating environment, it seemed like from the bottom to the period where you were able to recover and get back to growth again over the levels from the fall-off, it was about eight quarters, if I’m not mistaken and now obviously there could have been some acquisitions and some other things. How do you categorize what you did or saw or experienced from the bottom of that period to what appears to be maybe the bottom of this period? I think in our discussions you’ve always said you’ve got a pretty good six-month window of visibility and if you are starting to see some improvement, I mean, how would you categorize our thinking or how should we think about the time or when you would expect motion to sort of surpass where you were a year, year-and-a-half ago?
Tom Gallagher: Well, it’s a tough question to answer, as you know, because nobody really knows how long it is going to take for the economy to really come back to a level that we are more accustomed to. I’d say first that the depth of this cycle has been deeper than I’ve experienced in my 40 years working at Genuine Parts Company. This one came on more suddenly, it’s deeper, and it seems to be more broad spread than any that I can recall.  With that said, one thing that is a little bit encouraging is that when the industrial production and capacity utilization figures started to tick up in July and August, we saw our average daily sales volume tick up a little bit as a result of that. We felt for some time that inventories were fairly lean and the reaction time to any pick-up in demand would be shortened some and we are hoping that that’s an indication that will prove to come to fruition.  But we need another couple of months yet to see what happens with the manufacturing segment and if in fact these increases that we saw in July and August really are the beginning of a modestly improving trend.  We’re thinking that if it does continue for a couple of more months, then we should see a more noticeable improvement in our industrial business, some time mid to late first quarter or early second quarter but that is fully dependent upon that trend continuing. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. That was very helpful. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: The first question I would like to ask relates to automotive margins. You talked about the negative expense leverage in the industrial related businesses as being a challenge. If you look at the automotive margin, your sales trend did improve but your margin, which had been up in each of the prior two quarters, came under a little bit of pressure and the profit decline was slightly steeper than the year-to-date number. I know you might have been cycling some one-off factors perhaps in the first half of the year but can you lend some transparency to that trend and talk about what might have transpired in the way you came to market that might have impacted your margin there?
Jerry Nix: Matt, it’s not a large enough number for it to have been any one thing. We’ve looked at that and tried to determine -- you know, we did make some price adjustments and our gross margin affected a little bit there and -- and we have closed some operations that were non-profitable, some stores, as Tom mentioned in his remarks. And I think it’s a combination of a lot of those types of issues. There’s no one thing there. I would say that by the time we make the turn here in the fourth quarter, then we will start to see that operating margin look better but get back to what it had been through the first six months versus what it shows for the third quarter. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Was the investment in price material in taking that margin down?
Jerry Nix: Not material to the overall, no, but it certainly would have had an impact. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: On automotive, got it. And so you are -- you’ve looked at elasticity and you’ve looked at the pay-back that you are getting on some of these price investments and you are comfortable with the pay-out?
Jerry Nix: Yes. 
Tom Gallagher: Matt, what happens, just a little more information on that, what happens is that we lower prices on a particular day and the impact on margin is immediate but the impact on revenue, it takes a little bit of time for that to settle into the marketplace and for us to recapture some business so there’s a little bit of lag between the pricing action and the revenue contribution. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Second question, within the other line, so to speak, that below the line series of items, how significant or how much of that number related to the bonus accrual number?
Jerry Nix: Well, there was about $2.5 million associated with the fact that we didn’t grant any options this year and then the other 2.5 would have been associated with the adjustment for bonus reserves. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay, but your view is that sort of the run-rate for that business is still -- you know, call it $10 million to $12 million in an ordinary quarter?
Jerry Nix: That’s correct. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then within the industrial business, it’s interesting some of the industrial macro data, including some data that came out this morning, looks to be getting somewhat better and Tom, you indicated that July and August I guess, or August and September were perhaps a little bit better in terms of run-rate. Are there parts of the industrial segment where you are seeing headway versus where it had been before? You talked about automotive and [inaudible] equipment, for example, still being under pressure but are those segments coming back in any way?
Tom Gallagher: I would say as a general response first is that light industrial, which would be things like food processing and energy related, alternate energy, those seem to be a bit more responsive than the heavy industrial. We don’t see any pick-up, material pick-up in automotive at this point and frankly with new car sales estimated to be what, some 10.5 million for the year, we don’t anticipate any material improvement in that until we get into 2010. But we do see -- anecdotally we see some things happening. There is some steel furnaces that are being fired back up. We do see a little bit of an up-tick in some production and some of the mining and aggregate sectors. We are seeing a little bit increased demand there, so it’s more encouraging than it might have looked a couple of quarters ago but I think it is still early to say that we are really starting to climb out. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And then finally on cost structure, it sounds like you are making some new redemptions. Is it feasible that if necessary in 2010, your SG&A number could come down again or have we hit sort of mid-rack here?
Jerry Nix: I think it can continue to come down. You know, where most of that is related to employees and so forth but we got some further facility rationalization that we are working on and can take place and costs associated with that come down, and there are a number of other longer term things that we are looking at in an infrastructure situation that we can bring that down. But to support the revenue growth, these expenses won't just be added back. Certainly depending on the level of revenue growth we have, we may have to re-add headcount to some operations but by and large, we’ll benefit from these cost reductions going forward. But there are some further reductions that can be made, assuming that we continue to see revenue decreases. 
Tom Gallagher: If I can just tag onto that, our cost reduction initiatives are tiered. We’ve got near-term, midterm, and longer term and the near-term obviously we can affect the most quickly but the mid-term and longer term are we think pretty impactful and we’ve got teams working on various initiatives currently to continue to keep bringing that cost structure down. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Ward with Soleil Securities.
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Jerry, I wonder if I could follow-up a little bit on your cost saving initiatives. I think you said $65 million to $70 million this year?
Jerry Nix: That’s correct. 
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Okay, and what is that up from?
Jerry Nix: I’m sorry, Mike?
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: What was your previous target?
Jerry Nix: Oh, now that’s what we had targeted. We thought we’d get about 60 to 65 and we have 55 through the nine months so we raised that to 65 to 70. 
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Okay, and what types of items are they? Are these cost reductions that can stick or is it just temporary type -- 
Jerry Nix: No, they are cost reductions that can stick. As I mentioned previously, if we have revenue growth come back strong then we are going to have to add some headcount back and that will take away some of it but by and large, some of these changes in closing, losing operations and so forth are things that we have done and those costs would be permanent to some other changes that we’ve made as far as putting in systems and so forth. It makes us more productive, things like that. 
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Okay. Tom, you touched a little bit on inventories at some of your customers, particularly on the industrial side, the EIS side. Is there anything out there that you can look at that suggests they were leaner hitting, you know, they react much more quickly to reducing orders and is that what is allowing the pick-up to continue a little bit faster than you thought?
Tom Gallagher: Well, we know from the visits into customer facilities that like most companies, they were leaning out inventories as we were working our way through the early stages of this cycle, so that we pick up on an ongoing basis. But I think the best evidence we have is the fact that July and August indices showed a little bit of an up-tick in August and September average daily sales volume showed a little bit of an up-tick, and that’s fairly rapid response to those indices, in our opinion. So I think it validates the thought that the inventories have been leaned out some. 
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Okay, now when they buy the components and they are sitting in their inventory, they won the inventory, correct?
Tom Gallagher: Yes, sir, that’s right. 
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Did they have the ability to send that back to you?
Tom Gallagher: Well, we would do some adjustments on an as-needed basis. 
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Okay, so going forward do you think this system will be a little bit more efficient?
Tom Gallagher: We are thinking that, Mike, but without the benefit of absolute fact base, that’s our thinking right now. 
Michael Ward - Soleil Securities: Okay, I really appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Melich with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: Two questions, one on the SG&A and then on office products -- just to go a little bit further on the SG&A, if you look at the year-to-date dollars, it’s down quite a bit more, I think almost double from my math on the -- versus the cost savings. Could you just help bridge that gap? And then I hate to be the curmudgeon but if next year is again another down year, have we reached the stage where to cut much more in terms of headcount in other areas, you are really cutting into the franchise? And I have a follow-up on office products. 
Jerry Nix: Let me address that -- the first issue, the difference is some of our SG&A dollars are down simply because business is off. You have certain expenses that are associated with just having additional volume and those, when business goes down, delivery expense and those kinds of things go down accordingly. These SG&A savings that we are referring to are targeted savings and those were specific initiatives that we went out on, and some of that is on fuel savings, change in delivery routes going around optimization programs and so forth. Some of it is headcount reduction. And anything associated with that -- there’s some other things we’ve done, we went to a soft freeze on our pension plan effective 1/1. We granted no stock options this year. So from a compare standpoint, the long-term incentive compensation is down.  Now if we go into next year and we still are down in revenue, we will not grant stock options next year. But if we see an improvement, certainly we like to go back to giving our people the long-term incentive compensation that they have gotten used to. So some of the things will depend upon how quickly and how much they come back in the SG&A category, will depend on the revenue side of things. But in answer to your question, it will be very difficult to have targeted initiatives other than some of these facility rationalizations that we are going to proceed with regardless if revenue comes back, with the exception of those who continue just to reduce people count -- you’re right, it becomes very difficult beyond -- keep in mind since the first part of 2008, we’ve cut our headcount 11%, so it will be difficult and I believe that we are pretty efficient before we even started that. But that does present a challenge for us going forward. 
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so basically you could make some targeted reductions but we shouldn’t expect it to be $60 million or $70 million again, it’s just -- 
Jerry Nix: I think that’s a fair statement. 
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: And then on office products, you mentioned inflation there I think over 3% now year-to-date. Could you explain where -- what parts that is and what is moving that and how should we look at that going forward?
Jerry Nix: This is a number that is spread across all product categories and all product lines and some of it will be carryover when you get forward buys in anticipation of price increases and try to take advantage of that to protect the gross margins. I don’t - we don’t have a specific category that is -- and some of them, they’ve got obviously decreases in a number of their product categories but it is spread across all product lines and I don’t know that any one as large enough or significant enough to point it out. 
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: And so that -- just to be clear, that’s the -- your sourcing cost is up 3% and you’ve generally passed that through 100%?
Jerry Nix: I hope it’s 100% but you know, our gross margins stayed fairly stable over there, so that would say that we’ve been able to pass most of it along. 
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Just real quickly in [F.P. Richards], if you take out the tech products and the furniture, would those businesses have been running up this year? 
Tom Gallagher: Yes, we are running -- the other two categories, just as a reminder, would be the cleaning and break room and the core office supplies, both positive for the year, negative in tech and furniture. 
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian [Sponheimer] with Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Just a question still on office -- I may have missed it, I got bounced off for a minute. When you are talking about office products margin, you said that gross margin had stayed flat sequentially and year over year. But operating profit for the segment [inaudible] -- 8.3% in the second quarter to 6.1. What in G&A is making that so, and is that something that we should expect to see going forward?
Tom Gallagher: One big piece in that, Brian, is they increased their allowance for doubtful accounts a bit in the quarter. We think it should be recoverable but we did in fact beef up the allowance so the reserve in the quarter in office products. 
Jerry Nix: And they did say they had some discontinued inventory that they sold in the quarter that didn’t provide them the normal gross margins that they would get. 
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company: Okay, thank you. All my other questions have been answered. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your last question comes from the line of Erica [Wolford] with Cleveland Research.
Erica Wolford - Cleveland Research: Good morning. I was just hoping that you could talk a little bit about the margin trends that you are seeing within the industrial part of the business. It looks like you saw a good sequential up-tick in the third quarter from the second quarter. 
Jerry Nix: The margins in industrial -- our operating margins are affected in a negative way. While we think our industrial margins is still good but on that kind of a revenue decrease, it’s very difficult to get your expenses cut and cut fast enough and deep enough to maintain the operating margins and they did have good operating margin but on that 22% revenue decrease in the quarter, to be down 53% in operating profit is not a number that we are proud of and not a number that we are happy with and the industrial management team is working on that and hopefully as we go to the end of the year, we’ll see some improvement there.  I will remind you and the others on the call that the industrial group is affected by volume incentive rebates that are earned from the vendors and we’ve cut our inventory significantly at the industrial sector this year, as well as the purchases have been off just because business is off 20%, so that has been a major impact and that’s affected our gross margin in the industrial sector, as well as the operating margins. They’ve done a very good job in cutting their SG&A type expenses but we have just barely overcome the incentives that they would have earned had we maintained our inventory or the normal purchasing cycle. 
Erica Wolford - Cleveland Research: Thank you. 
Jerry Nix: Operator, do you have any additional questions?
Operator: No, sir, that is all the questions that we have. Do you have any closing remarks?
Jerry Nix: We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today and we are grateful for your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to talking to you in the future. 
Operator: This concludes Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey - Senior Vice President of Finance & Corporate Secretary Tom Gallagher - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer  Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: John Murphy - Merrill Lynch Keith Hughes - SunTrust  Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Morris and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Ms. Carol Yancey, you may now begin your conference.
Carol Yancey: Thank you and good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company second quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management, statements of future economic performance and assumptions underlying these statements regarding the company and its business. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements made due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call and once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Now earlier this morning we released our second quarter 2009 results and hopefully you’ve had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $2,535,000,000 which was down 12%. Net income was $103.6 million, which was down 22% and earnings per share were $0.65 this year, compared to $0.81 in the second quarter of 2008 and the EPS decrease was 20%. In looking at the individual results by business segment, our automotive revenues were down 5%. This follows a 7% decrease in the first quarter, so while we still have a good bit of work to do within our automotive operations, we were encouraged to be able to show some improvement over the first quarter results. Additionally, unfavorable currency exchange accounted for 3% of the second quarter decrease as well as 3% of our year-to-date decrease. Interestingly, our automotive performance improved on a monthly basis as the quarter progressed, which we were pleased to see and we feel that this is a result of some of the initiatives implemented earlier in the quarter. Examples of actions that were taken in the quarter will be in the areas of pricing where adjustments were made to certain product categories where needed to meet market pricing, a heightened emphasis on the sale of specific product categories, friction, undercar and parts for imports would be examples and an increased focus on Napa Autocare and major accounts as well as all of our priority accounts with improved service and inventory availability. We had positive results in each of these areas during the second quarter and we think that we will see residual benefit from these efforts over the remainder of the year. In our company-owned store group, our cash or retail business continued to outperform our wholesale or commercial business in the quarter as was the case in the first quarter.  However, we were pleased with the improved results in most segments of our wholesale business, primarily as a result of the initiatives mentioned a moment ago. The one segment of our wholesale business that continues to struggle is the fleet category. This would include customers ranging from contractor and landscape companies, all the way to large trucking companies. As we pointed out in our last call, the fleet segment is an important part of our wholesale business, representing 20% to 25% and we were down low double-digits once again in the quarter. This category of customer has been especially hard hit by the economic slowdown but we do expect a bit of improvement over the next several quarters. Our two largest wholesale programs of NAPA Autocare a major accounts and each of these important customer segments showed nice improvement during the quarter and we look to build upon this over the remainder of the year. So summarizing our comments on automotive, we’re not pleased with where we find ourselves at mid year which is down 6%. However, we feel that we did make some progress during the second quarter in a number of areas and as we said in our last call, our expectation is to see a gradual and steady improvement in the results from our automotive operations in the quarters ahead. Moving on to industrial, it was another difficult quarter for these operations. After experiencing a challenging first quarter when we were down 16%, we saw a continued decline in customer demand and we ended the second quarter down 22% and we are now down 19% year-to-date. The effects of the recession on the manufacturing segment of the economy, our customer base are widespread as evidenced in the industrial production and capacity utilization indices. The impact can be seen in our sales results by product category as well as customer segments. 11 of our 12 major product categories are down year-to-date and some substantially. Most customer segments are down as well with automotive, iron and steel, equipment and machinery, and the housing and construction related segment all experiencing the steepest declines. We did see growth in food processing, beverage and some energy related segments, however. Similar comments can be made about our electrical division, which is also directly tied to the manufacturing segment of the economy. After being down 25% in the first quarter, our electrical business also experienced a further drop off in demand and ended the quarter down 34%. As with our industrial operations, the declines are spread across the breadth of product and customer categories. One observation on the industrial and electrical operations is that despite the steep declines, we did see a bit more stability in their sales per day in the second quarter than we experienced in the first quarter. After dropping sequentially for four consecutive months, sales per day in May and June held fairly steady with the April numbers. The declines are in the low 20s for industrial and mid 30s for electrical. Clearly, these are dramatic decreases, but hopefully our experience over the past few months indicates that we are at or near the bottom in these two businesses, but until the economy shows signs of strengthening, we remain cautious in our outlook for these two segments of our Company. Finally, a few comments about office products. After being down 7% in the first quarter, we ended the second quarter down 6% and we’re down 6% year-to-date. So we’re steady to modestly improving picture here and in view the continued declining trend in office employment numbers, our feeling is that this is probably a reasonable performance in the current office products industry environment. Looking a little deeper into the numbers, although still running decreases, we did see some slight improvement in both the independent and mega dealer customer categories. The independents were down 3% in the quarter and are down 4% year-to-date, while the [megas] were down 10% in the quarter and down 15% year-to-date. From a product category standpoint, our core office supplies and cleaning and break room supplies are generating positive results while technology products an furniture continue to have decreases. As mentioned earlier, one of the key demand drivers for office products is service sector job growth. After many years of expansion, we have seen this number contract for six consecutive quarters now and in 2009 we have lost 1.7 million service sector jobs through June. This will continue to be a headwind for our office products business as we work our way through the second half of the year, but our office products management team remains focused on initiatives that will help to position them and their customers for solid growth as the economy starts to recover. So that’s a quick overview of the sales results and Jerry will now discuss the financial performance. Jerry.
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We’ll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will comeback on for a brief recap and then we’ll open the call up to your questions. I’ll view of the income statement shows the following. Total sales for the second quarter in 2009 were down approximately 12% to $2.5 billion. This quarter sales reflect a slight sequential improvement for automotive and office products offset by further declines in industrial and electrical. Gross profit in the quarter was down approximately 30 basis points at 29.4% of sales, compared to 29.7% in the second quarter last year. Our gross margin year-to-date of 29.7% is down slightly from last year. These decreases are primarily driven by reduced volume incentives earned, which was caused by lower levels of purchases. Reduced incentives account for $20 million and $40 million in lost gross profit dollars for the quarter and the six months respectively. Offsetting the negative impact of incentives are the ongoing benefits of last year’s product inflation and results of some of the margin initiatives we put in place. For the year through June, our cumulative pricing which represents supplier increases to us were down 1.5% in automotive, plus 2.10% in industrial, plus 3.0% in office products, and plus 2.1% in the electrical segment. Now let’s look at SG&A. For the second quarter, SG&A expenses were $579 million, compared to $637 million last year a decrease of $58 million. For the six months in 2009, SG&A stands at $1.2 billion, down approximately $98 million from $1.3 billion in 2008.  Improvements in SG&A expenses are driven by the initiatives we’ve been implementing to reduce our cost structure. These initiatives include a reduction in headcount as well as other cost reduction efforts related to personnel, which was mentioned in our last call, such as facility rationalization, salaried pay freezes, the deferral of additional stock option grants, travel limitations and reduced retirement benefits. During the quarter, we reduced our headcount by another 200 employees, for a total workforce reduction of approximately 1400 employees, or 4% of our headcount thus far in 2009. Combined with our workforce reduction efforts in ‘08, our total employment has been reduced by over 9% from the beginning of 2008. In addition, we continue to see some savings from improved fleet management and a decrease in fuel and energy costs due to both lower consumption and lower cost. We estimate that in total, high cost reduction efforts have resulted in savings of approximately $24 million and $35 million for the second quarter and six months respectively. We’ll remain diligent in managing our expenses and believe that we’re now on track to achieve cost savings of $55 million to $65 million for the full year, which is up slightly from our previous estimates. Additionally, we recognize one time cost savings of approximately $9 million in the second quarter, due to the curtailment of the company pension plan. The workforce reduction has resulted in a corresponding reduction in retirement benefits for 2009. We expect to recognize an additional curtailment benefit of approximately $10 million over second half of the year and this is on top of the estimated annual expense reduction of $55 million to $65 million mentioned earlier. As a percent of sales, SG&A increased 68 basis points to 22.8%, versus 22.1% in the second quarter of ‘08 and for the six month period SG&A is up 90 basis points to 23.4% compared to 22.5% last year. Increase for the quarter and year-to-date is due the loss of expense leverage on lower sales, which remains a challenge for us, despite our continued progress in reducing our cost structure. Now let’s discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter of $1,000,000,360.0 million, representing 53% of the total and that’s down 5%. Had operating profit of $117.8 million, that’s up 2% so we had nice margin expansion there from 8.1% to 8.7% of sales. The industrial group had revenue the quarter of $701.2 million, representing 28% of the total down 22%, operating profit 31.4% and operating profit decrease of 59%, so we had margin degradation, 4.5% of sales. Office products had revenue in the quarter, $406.1 million, representing 16% of the total down 6%. They had operating profit, $33.7 million, down 10%, so slight margin deterioration there but still very strong at 8.3% to sales. The electrical group revenue in the quarter of $80.6 million representing 3% of the total down 34% and operating profit $5.1 million down 48%, margin still strong for that segment but down from 8.1% to 6.3%. The six month information on the segments revenue and operating profit was in the press release that we sent out so we’re not going to cover that at this time, but if you have any questions on it, we’ll be happy to address that during the Q-and-A session. So in summary, our consolidated operating margin for the second quarter fell approximately 90 basis points to 7.4% from 8.3% in the second quarter of ‘08. For the six months our 7.1% operating margin is down 100 basis points from last year. Decrease in operating margin is primarily the results of the deleveraging of SG&A expenses, particularly in our industrial and electrical businesses. We had net interest expense of $6.8 million in the quarter and $13.8 for the six months, which is down slightly from the same periods in ‘08. We continue to expect that net interest expense to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million for the full year. The other category which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority interest was $15.2 million in the second quarter, and $29.4 million through June. These costs are down from their respective periods last year due primarily to the positive impact of our cost reduction the efforts. This line also reflects a favorable $3 million retirement plan valuation adjustment recorded in the second quarter, which basically reverses $3 million charge required for expand in the first quarter. This gain however would roughly offset by certain costs associated with termination of our construction and lease agreements, which we will discuss in a moment. Through mid year, we continue to project a total other category to be in the $50 million to $60 million range for ‘09, which is improved from last year. For the quarter our tax rate was approximately 37.6% which is down from last year’s second quarter and the rate in the first quarter of 2009. This is due to favorable tax treatment on a $3 million retirement valuation adjustment noted above. For the six months our tax rate’s approximately 38.0 which is up from last year, due the favorable tax impact on the sale of Johnson Industries during the first quarter in ‘08. We expect our tax rate for the full year ‘09 to be in the range of 38.0% to 38.3%. Net income for the quarter, $103.6 million, is down 22%. Earnings per share $0.65 compared to $0.81 last year was down 20%. For the year, net income, $192.8 million, is down 25%, EPS of $1.21 compared to $1.56 last year is down 22%. Now let’s move on to discuss our balance sheet which remains very strong. We’ve been conservative in managing our cash thus far in 2009 and cash at June 30 increased to $239 million compared to $136 million in June last year and $68 million at December 31, ‘08. Our cash position remains strong and has allowed us ample funding for ongoing acquisitions, dividends and capital expenditures, as well as the company required pension contribution of $53 million made in the first quarter of this year. With consistently strong cash generation even in this declining sales environment, we expect our cash position to remain sound over the balance of the year, although it could vary based on the timing of the investment opportunities that may arise. Accounts receivable decreased 8% from last year on a 12% decrease in sales for the quarter. Although we see room to show more improvement in receivables over the remainder of the year, we continue to feel good about the level and the quality of our receivables. We also remain diligent in monitoring the financial condition of our customers and their abilities to pay. For 2009, our goal at GPC remains for our change in receivables to be favorable to our change in revenue, thus improving day sales outstanding. Inventory, 6/30/09 was $2.2 billion, that’s down 4% or approximately $100 million from the second quarter last year and down the same amount from December 31, ‘08. We’ve shown steady improvement in our inventory levels for several consecutive years. We’ll continue to manage this tightly and expect to show more improvement on this line as the year progresses. Accounts payable was relatively unchanged from June last year and is up $54 million or 5% from December 31, ‘08. All days in tables was improved 55 days from 47 days last year. Although the purchases are down in accordance with our lower sales and inventory levels, our ongoing negotiations to improve our payment terms with certain suppliers as well as the expansion of our procurement card program is proving successful and should enable us to maintain our days in payables for the full year. We’ll continue to make progress managing our working capital which was $2.5 billion at June 30, up approximately 1% from June 30 last year and down 3% from December 31, ‘08. Increase from the second quarter last year reflects accounting for $250 million in debt as current liabilities at June 30, ‘08. As this debt agreement expired and was renewed at favorable rates last November, the $250 million was reclassified to long term debt in the fourth quarter so on a comparable basis, working capital June 30, ‘09 is down 8% from June of ‘08. So as you can see, our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. We continue to generate solid cash flows in our strong cash position provides us with financial flexibility to explore many opportunities. After very good second quarter from a cash perspective, we currently expect our cash from operations to reach over $600 million in 2009, which is a significant increase from ‘08. After deducting capital expenditures and dividends, free cash flow should exceed $200 million, which would also be improved from our 2008 cash flow, even with a decline in sales that we’ve been experiencing. Priorities for the cash remain first the dividend which we’ve increased for 53 consecutive years, represents a strong track record of consistent growth and dependability of an above average dividend yield which is currently 4.5% to 5%. The continued strength of our cash flow provides us utmost confidence in our ability to sustain our dividend record. Other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchases and where appropriate strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segment. Capital expenditures for the second quarter excluding the purchase of assets under our construction lease agreement in June were consistent with last year’s second quarter at $22.1 million. For the six months of ‘09 CapEx of $37.0 million compared to $44.3 in ‘08. Related depreciation and amortization was $22.4 million in the quarter, $44.9 million for six months. For the full year, we continue to expect our CapEx spending, before the construction lease transaction, to be in the range of $65 million to $70 million and we expect our D&A to remain relatively steady with ‘08 in $85 million to $95 million range. On June 26 of this year, the company’s construction and lease agreement expired and the lesser was notified of our intent to purchase the properties in this agreement for approximately $73 million. At June 30, this purchase is accounted for on the balance sheet in net property plant and equipment and other current liabilities, as the amount due on the back was paid in cash in July after quarter end. Due to the non-cash nature of this transaction as of June 30, the purchase is not accounted for on a six month cash flow statement, but will be included in vesting activities next quarter. Strategic acquisitions also an ongoing and important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. We closed on one heavy duty automotive acquisition in the first quarter and additional four bolt on type acquisitions this quarter. With two each in our automotive and industrial businesses, we expect these new operations to be accretive to our earnings, although any accretion would be minimal in 2009. We intend to follow a similar pattern with strategic acquisitions over the second half of the year. We remain disciplined in our approach to this growth strategy and we look forward to more success in this area. Another priority for us, dating back to 1994, has been opportunistic share repurchases and although we’ve not made any share repurchases thus far in ‘09 we invested $273 million to purchase approximately 6.8 million shares of our company stock during 2008.  Today, we continue to have approximately 18.5 million shares authorized for repurchase. We have no set pattern for the repurchasing, but we expect to remain active in the program as we continue to believe that an investment in GPC stock along with a dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. It’s probably important to point out here that thus far in 2009 we’ve been more focused on cash conservation as well as acquisition opportunities. With the economic uncertainties and historically low business valuation levels, we feel this is best way to manage our cash at this time. Balance in these considerations against share repurchases is an ongoing process we absolute believe that our stock is an attractive investment. Total debt remains unchanged, $500 million although as mentioned earlier, the $250 million of current debt in the second quarter of ‘08 which expired in November of last year was renewed on favorable terms another five years and reclassified as long term debt during the fourth quarter of ‘08. Our $500 million in long term debt at June 30, ‘09 includes $250 million which matures in November of 2011 and $250 million maturing in 2013. Total debt to total capitalization June 30, ‘09, 17.1% and we’re comfortable with our capital structure at this time. Our balance sheet is strong and provides us the ability to take advantage of growth opportunities even in the midst of the current economic climate. Since our last report to you, we’ve remained intensely focused on the proper execution of our short and long term growth plans so that we can most effectively perform through this difficult economic cycle. Although our overall results for the second quarter reflect the realities of cyclical industrial and electrical marketplace, we were able to show slight sequential improvement in our Automotive and Office Products businesses, and realize a sizable reduction in our expenses. Going forward, we remain focused on those areas of our businesses that we have control of. We’ll support our cost reduction and growth initiative with a strong and healthy balance sheet and sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders. We’re absolutely confident in the positive fundamentals of all of our businesses and believe we will be a stronger company when the economy begins to turn. We want to express our appreciation to all our GPC associates for their efforts and to our customers and suppliers for they continued support. Tom, back to you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. So that recaps our second quarter and first half results. We said back in our February conference call, that we expected the first half of the year to be challenging and with sales down 11% year-to-date and earnings per share down 22% that is certainly proven to be the case. As far as the remainder of the year is concerned, we anticipate that our automotive revenues will improve somewhat over the final two quarters of the year and we look for automotive to get back into positive territory in the second half. As mentioned earlier, we’re encouraged by the early results from some of the initiatives implemented in the second quarter and there are several more actions being taken in the third quarter that will help the automotive results. Additionally, as most of you probably know, we’ve just named Paul Donohue he was the new President of the Automotive Parts Group. Paul is an extremely talented Executive who has capably handled increasing responsibilities since joining GPC in 2003, and he will keep the focus clear and the energy level high within our automotive operations. We’re pleased to have him in his new position. Now, as far as office products is concerned, we feel that their results will remain about the same as they have been through mid-year for the next few quarters. However, our expectations for industrial and electrical are a bit more cautious. In our prior full year guidance of revenues, we said we would be down 5% to 8% and we had anticipated a bit of improvement in industrial and electrical as we approached the latter part of the year, but at this point, we think that it may take a little longer for these two businesses to start to rebound and with this in mind we feel that a full year revenue expectation of down 7% to down 10% would be more realistic at the time and as a result of this revenue revision, we would also want to narrow the range on the earnings side from prior guidance of $2.25 to $2.75, to $2.25 to $2.50, which is more in line with how we see things right now. So that concludes our comments and at this point we’d like to take your questions and we’ll turn the call back over to Morris. Morris?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Murphy - Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch: The auto operating margins were obviously a lot better than we were expecting and pretty impressive in the quarter given that the weakness. I was just wondering if you could break out, I mean actually, I look back and they haven’t been this good since the second quarter of 2004. If you could sort of just breakout how much of this is cost cutting, how much of it is pricing and how much of it may be sort of a reemphasis your relationships with accounts and maybe product positioning. If you could just kind of bucket the magnitude between those three factors. I just really trying to understand if this is a sustainable level going forward.
Jerry Nix: John, this is Jerry. I’ll take that. The Automotive Group’s got started cutting their expenses earlier than the other businesses because their revenue was slowing prior to the slowdown in the industrial and the electrical side. So some of that is they had taken some severance and all that earlier than the others. Another part of that is we sold our rotating electrical business last year in the second half of the year and that was a lower margin business, benefits thus the reason for getting out of it and so it’s a combination of those factors, but we have always been in the automotive sector, been able to operate much more efficiently there and slowdown revenue and I think this is just a reflection of that.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch: When we think as the pricing adjustments that are being made in that segment, where is that? I remember in the last call, you were seeing some pricing pressure from competition in some larger items like rotors and stuff like that. Is that the still the case? The pricing adjustment that you've made, have you seen any type of competitive response there?
Tom Gallagher: I’ll try to answer that one John. Rotors was one example, ride control is another where we made some adjustments. Chassis products is another, some chemical product as well as some temperature control and what we've seen in terms of the results is that our unit sales on these product categories are now starting to really pickup and to get up to some pretty impressive levels. We implemented ride control at the end of April and our June unit sales were up in the mid teens. We did chassis at the end of May and we saw impressive results in our June unit sales for chassis and the same can be said for the other two, the temp control and the chemical. We've got a few more to do. We've got a couple of other actions that are slated for the third quarter. So, we always see competitive prices in the marketplace, but when we started to look at this, we found that we were a little too far out of line and we needed to do something about it and I think we're on the right track.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch: Just lastly, maybe just staying on pricing throughout all segments, what is the pricing environment that you're seeing going forward? Are you seeing in the other segments more pricing competition and what are you seeing from sort of the supply side of the equation? Are you seeing prices ease as the environment remains tough and you're able to sort of take advantage of that spread? What's really going on with sort of your pricing versus your retail pricing?
Tom Gallagher: Well, in the non-automotive businesses, I wouldn't suggest that the pricing pressures are any more intense than what they are in automotive. I think automotive is very, very intense, but I would also say that we see more pricing pressure in those businesses today than we might have seen at certain times in the past and I think that's reflective of declining marketplaces in those other businesses and everybody's trying to do what they can to capture some market share. As far as what we're seeing from our vendors, it varies by vendor. In some cases, we're able to work with vendors and find ways to lower the cost to handle the account and exchange that for some additional discounts. In other cases, we have to do it on our own until we can find a way to bring our purchase prices down, but it's pretty competitive in all four of the businesses.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch: This is actually the last question. When we look at the cost savings that you're putting in place right now, assuming that the environment improves going forward in 2010 and 2011. How much of these cost saves, do you think you'll be able to capture in the next year or two or will there be some rehiring going on as demand hopefully really across the board for all your products starts to pickup?
Tom Gallagher: There will have to be some additions back to the headcount as volumes pickup for sure, but we think that will be lag somewhat the revenue improvement and then other things that we've done on the cost side or things like facility rationalizations, and transportation optimization and some other things along those lines that will in fact stay with us over the long term. So, we're mighty proud of the job that our folks have done, quite honestly. They reacted to this thing quite well and I think they've done in automobile job on the cost side with a few more things to come yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marc Andre - Goldman Sachs. 
Marc Andre - Goldman Sachs: This is actually Marc Andre filling in for Matt. I just had a quick question. Is it possible for you to disaggregate the drivers of automotive, more specifically giving the detail behind the fleet pricing, Canada, Mexico, currency, selling versus sell-through in terms of contribution to the growth rate?
Jerry Nix: What are you looking for us? I didn't understand the question. Will you repeat that for us?
Marc Andre - Goldman Sachs: Yes, basically asking for the contribution to the automotive decline rate by segment, in terms of fleet, pricing, Canada…
Jerry Nix: We got it now.
Tom Gallagher: I got it now we apologize for not clearly grasping the question, but we mentioned earlier that currency accounted for 3% of the difference. The fleet side is between 2% and 3% impact on the revenue. Pricing is a point to a point and-a-half, so they would be the major contributors.
Marc Andre - Goldman Sachs: What the underlying international growth was, do you have an idea in terms of Canada, Mexico, ex currency?
Tom Gallagher: No, I don’t have that in front of me.
Jerry Nix: They’re doing a little bit better in Canada and about the same in Mexico in local currency, but we don’t have the opportunity to report that local currency.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets.
Ivan – RBC Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys. This is actually Ivan sitting in for Scott. I just kind of wanted to touch on NAPA first off, if you don’t mind. Could you tell us beyond the comments you’ve already made what change changes would we expect to see from the management changes you made there. Just we saw that you had, as you mentioned putted a new President. Are there any other details we should be aware of, just from that perspective on NAPA?
Tom Gallagher: Well, the impact of Paul Donohue’s naming to the President’s position, we think will be very positive. As I mentioned, Paul is a highly energetic, highly focused individual and he will bring those same qualities to the team on the NAPA side. You may know that in the interim, I have actually been working more closely with the NAPA side of the business and there are some other things that I’ve got responsibility for as well, so I’ve not been able to give 100% of my attention to the NAPA side. With Paul on the job now, he will be focused 100% and that we’ll see the benefit of that as the next two quarters unfold.
Ivan – RBC Capital Markets: Just a next question, if you don’t mind just a quick follow up. With regards to motion, have you seen any kind of stabilization in that particular business segment? Could you give a bit more color kind of on your outlook for the rest of the year?
Tom Gallagher: Sure, what we said in our comments is that after dropping on a monthly basis for four consecutive months, we saw the May and June results come in somewhat similar to the April results and that’s the first time we’ve seen that stability in quite some time.  Admittedly, these are at a very steep declines, we’ve seen low-20s for industrial and mid-30s for electrical, but our hope is that that’s indicative that we’re at or near the bottom and that we won’t drop significantly in the months ahead and we’ll look forward to hopefully having a chance as we get deeper into the year to maybe reduce the level of decrease. We don’t see any significant change in the end markets in either case. Demand seems to be a bit more stable, but we don’t see yet any pickup in demand in industrial or in the electrical side.
Ivan – RBC Capital Markets: Understood, stabilization just kind of in summary stabilization perhaps at lower levels and somewhat slower growth going forward.
Tom Gallagher: That’s our sense right now and we’ll just have to see how the third quarter plays out.
Jerry Nix: Keep in mind; they were down 16% in the first quarter and down 22% in the second and there’s still so much uncertainty out there right now, you have to do just as Tom said. We think maybe 22, hopefully is the bottom.
Operator: Your next question is from Keith Hughes - SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust : A question on the acquisitions you referred to earlier like about $100 million you spent on those, could you just give a little more detail on the revenue and what kind of businesses they were?
Jerry Nix: Keith, this is Jerry. Looking at the cash flow, where it shows $100 million, in that number, we have a company that we’ve owned for quite some time, above as repackage, and the other Napa member on the portion of that so we had minority interest. If you look, we had a much larger minority interest on your balance sheet in the past. We purchased their minority interest in June and that’s about $60 million of that number and the remainder would be for the acquisitions.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay. What kind of businesses were they?
Jerry Nix: We have one of them in the both automotive, are groups of stores and in the industrial side, in the industrial supply side of the business, so two industrial, two automotive.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay and the minority interest you purchased for $60 million, it's a repackage or is that what you said?
Jerry Nix: Yes, it's a company. We've owned that company and over the years all the other NAPA members owned it as well and we bought it from each one as we bought them, but they are still and NAPA member out there that we don’t know and they had a minority ownership and Balkamp. They decided, they wanted to sell it and we purchased it. That's an accretive deal for us.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Final question, automotive you’re talking about business perhaps turning backup in the second half of the year. Would margins, I assume raise from this level that we've seen in the last six months with a little bit of increased volume. Is there anything there that would detract from that?
Jerry Nix: I don't see it detracting. One of the things that, I should have mentioned when the question came up from John Murphy earlier about the improvement in the automotive margin. We had a pickup of about $9 million in the second quarter from this pension curtailment and we pushed that back to the individual operations and about half of that goes back to automotive. So, that's one reason for the significant improvement. Certainly as revenue comes back, they will be able to expand their margins, but as Tom mentioned earlier, as revenue comes back we may have to start back adding some headcount, with part timers and so forth to service the customers and so I can't tell you that it's going to jump up. It's certainly not going to jump up because that's not the nature of the company, but we should see some improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan.
Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan: This is Ryan Brinkman for Himanshu. Could you please talk a little bit about what your sense is with regard to automotive segment market share trending? This seems to be an area of strong management focus coming out of the last quarter.  Also with regard to the naming of the new automotive division leader, should we take this as a sign of intensifying focus on automotive market share and if so, are there any specific strategies that you're ready to share that are being pursued or any kind of directional guidance you can give us in terms of how the think about your competitive position in the automotive business going forward?
Tom Gallagher: If we look back over several quarters, we would acknowledge that we have probably lost a little bit of share over the last three or four quarters. Prior to that, we were performing as well as or maybe better than some of our peer group companies, but the last couple of quarters we would say that we did lose a little bit of share. I think that the second quarter results would indicate to us that we're moving in the right direction, but we still have a further way to go. We need to continue to push some of the initiatives that we put in place in the second quarter and to launch some of the ones that I referenced will come in the third quarter. As far as naming Paul Donohue to the President's position, yes it is recognition of the significance and importance of the automotive business to Genuine Parts Company, it's 53% of our total company revenue.  Paul as I said, he’s one of our very best executives and fortunately he's had a chance to work around the automotive business for the last two years and we've taken the best we have and put him in charge of the automotive parts group in expectation that we will continue to make the progress that we think we started to make in the second quarter. As far as specific strategies, I don't think we would want to get into the detail of those on this call.
Ryan Brinkman - JP Morgan: Just secondly, if you could talk just very briefly about the potential impact if any that you see of a government scrapping incentive program for new light vehicles on the automotive business going forward. Generally, we've tended to think that any impact would be seemingly negligible, given that the decrease in age of the vehicle parts would be potentially in [Inaudible] context of 250 million cars parked out there on the road. Are we directionally correct thinking about that? Is that how you guys are approaching this?
Tom Gallagher: Absolutely, any study that we've seen shows that it will be very, very small in terms of impact, because of the size of the fleet, as you referenced, 251 million vehicles. It's also interesting to see that while it has had some impact in the short term in Europe. It has not had the effect longer term that the European governments were hoping for. So, this will be very, very minor in terms of impact in our opinion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company : Can you give us a breakdown of what you experienced regionally in automotive, Northeast, Southeast, West, Southwest.
Tom Gallagher: Sure, the strongest areas for us would be the Northeast, the Midwest, the mountain states; the Northwest and the ones that continue to have the most difficult time would be the Southeastern area and out into California, Arizona, Nevada and those areas there. We see a little bit of slowdown in the Southwest, we think mostly driven by the decline in energy prices, but the biggest impact would be in the Southeast and California.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company : Are you seeing any pricing pressure from competitors there that would exacerbate any weakness?
Tom Gallagher: No, none beyond what we see in most places.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company : Okay. Moving along just what opportunity exists on picking up parts distribution to dealers either becoming used car dealers or service shops, basically stranded dealers from GM or Chrysler. Have you seen any stranded dealers looking to Napa to source parts?
Tom Gallagher: The opportunity we think is real and many of these dealers have decided that they’re going to stay in the used car business and that they’re going to run a full-fledged multi-brand service facility and yes, we have seen a number of these dealers have an interest in aligning themselves with Napa and we also see some of the existing vehicle dealers that have expressed an interest in owning some Napa stores, so we think this is a net positive for us.
Brian Sponheimer - Gabelli & Company : Okay and one last question, on the office and industrial side are you getting any sense that inventory adjustments are complete with your customers and like auto production, there maybe a sequential pickup, however small just simply on right-sizing inventory?
Tom Gallagher: We do think that the inventories are pretty lean as we go out the supply chain and we do think that with an increase in demand, there should be a very, very near term pickup in outbound sales for us.
Carol Yancey: This is all the time that we have questions for. We appreciate all of you joining us today. We will look forward to talking to you in the future and we appreciate your ongoing and continued support of Genuine Parts Company.
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey – Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary Thomas Gallagher – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  Jerry W. Nix – Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: John Murphy - Merrill Lynch Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Anthony Cristello - BB & T Capital Markets Ryan Brinkman - J.P. Morgan Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley [Brian Bonheimer] – Gabelli and Company 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is [Brittany] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance and Corporate Secretary. Ma’am, you may begin your conference. 
Carol Yancey:  Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts first quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for 2009.  Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure, and other financial items; statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management; statements of future economic performance and the assumptions underlying these statements regarding the company and its business. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom?
Thomas Gallagher:  Thank you Carol, and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call, and once we’ve concluded our remarks we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning we released our first quarter 2009 results and hopefully you’ve had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers yet a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2.444 billion which was down 11%. Net income was $89.2 million which was down 28% and earnings per share were $0.56 this year compared to $0.75 in the first quarter of 2008 and the EPS decrease was 25%. As we said in our conference call back in February, we felt that the first half of 2009 would be the most challenging for us and the first quarter results certainly lived up to the expectations. All four of our business segments had sales and profit decreases in the quarter, but the biggest variances from our plans came in the Industrial and Electrical segments, with Automotive and Office Products ending the quarter about where we had expected. In looking at the individual businesses, Automotive was down 7% of sales in the quarter. Currency exchange had a negative impact on our results in Canada and Mexico, and we had one less sales day in the quarter. If we take these two factors into consideration, Automotive was down 1% on a comparative basis. Now that’s not to suggest that we’re satisfied with our Automotive results because we clearly are not, and we don’t feel that we’re performing as well as we should be currently. We recognize that we have some work to be done yet to get our Automotive growth rates up to a more acceptable level.  However, as we look at some of the detail of the Automotive results we do see a few positives. In our company-owned store operations we were pleased to generate a low single digit increase in the cash or DIY side of the business. This is an important part of our business and we were pleased to see continued growth. But the commercial business was down mid single digits, and looking a bit deeper into the commercial side the results from our NAPA Auto Care customers were pretty stable with low single digit increases on a same store basis, and our major account business performed reasonably well also, led by solid results from the tire companies and the Triple A accounts. Our biggest commercial challenge in the quarter came in the fleet category. Customers in this group would range from smaller construction and landscaping companies to the large municipality and over the road type of accounts. This is an important segment for us, but one that seems to have been the most impacted by the economic slowdown and we were down low double digits in the quarter. We did make solid progress with our ongoing rollout of the parts for Asia and European vehicle initiative, and this will continue to be a growth opportunity for us over the remainder of the year.  But then we did not have a good quarter in the specialty markets of tools and equipment and paint. So we really had mixed results in the quarter. Some areas are performing reasonably well while some others are not, but we know where our focus and emphasis needs to be and we have initiatives under way to improve some of the weaker performing areas. And our expectation is to show gradually better results from our Automotive operations in the quarters ahead. Moving on to Industrial, it was a very difficult quarter for these operations. You may recall that our Industrial business was running along pretty well through the third quarter of 2008. They were up 7% through September, but then saw a significant slowdown during the final three months of the year, and they ended the fourth quarter even in sales. And the slowdown has continued into the first quarter as well. In fact, we’ve seen a continued drop off in demand as the quarter progressed. On a per day basis, our January sales were down 12. We were up 14% in February and down 20% in March, resulting in a 16% decrease for the quarter and the negative results are spread across most of the customer segments and product categories, reflective of the broad based decline in the economy. Over the years, sales demand for our Industrial operations has tracked the industrial production and capacity utilization indices, and these indices have been in a declining trend for a number of months now, indicative of the challenges currently being encountered by the manufacturing sector of the economy. This is our customer base, and while we do have specific near term revenue initiatives under way, it is going to take some improvement in the overall manufacturing segment of the economy in order for our Industrial operations to get back to positive results. And many of the same comments can be made about EIS, our Electrical Electronic Company. They, too, saw a significant and sudden slowdown in the fourth quarter of 2008. After generating a 10% increase through September, they were down 4% in the final quarter, and similar to our Industrial business the slowdown in demand accelerated in the first quarter of this year, and they ended the quarter down 25%. Our Electrical Electronic business closely follows the Institute for Supply Management Purchasing Managers Index, and similar to the Industrial production and capacity utilization figures, the Purchasing Manager Index has been declining for a number of months now, and we feel that sales demand for EIS is going to remain soft until we see the same improvement in the manufacturing segment that is also needed by our Industrial operations. And finally Office Products. These operations were down 7% in the quarter. On a per day basis, this is similar to where they were in the fourth quarter of last year. So no improvement in the trend, but no deterioration either. As has been the case for several quarters now, our performance by product category varies. Core office supplies and cleaning and break-room products are generating positive results for us through the first quarter, but these are being offset by year-to-date decreases in technology products and furniture, which we think follows the overall sales patterns in the Office Products industry.  One of the key demand drivers for office products consumption is the number of people employed in office or service sector type work around the country. After growing at 1.5 to 2 million jobs per year for several years, this number contracted 1.4 million jobs in 2008 with over 900 thousand of the job loss occurring in the fourth quarter, and the preliminary number for the first quarter 2009 shows a decline of just over 1 million. So the external environment remains challenging. However, our Office Products folks have several initiatives underway in areas like cleaning and break-room supplies, private label product expansion, and hand sales in marketing pieces that our customers can use to grow their business, and the continued development of alternate channel or emerging market opportunities, all intended to enable us to capture some additional business in the current economic climate and to position us and our customers to benefit as the economy does start to improve. So that’s a brief overview of the revenue results for the quarter, and Jerry will now take a few minutes to discuss the financial performance. Jerry?
Jerry W. Nix:   Thank you Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We’ll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. Tom will come back on for a brief recap, and then we’ll the call up to your questions. A review of the income statement shows the following. Total sales for the first quarter in 2009 were down approximately 11% to $2.4 billion, just slightly shy of our projected range for the quarter when we reported back in mid-February. This also includes the loss of one business day in ’09 compared to the first quarter ’08, which accounts for about 1% of the decrease. At this level of revenue you can see we continue to have our work cut out for us as we look to improve on these results over the balance of 2009. Gross profit in the quarter basically flat at 29.95% to sales compared to 29.91 in the first quarter last year. The benefits of inflation and our margin initiative are somewhat offset by the competitive pricing pressures associated with the lower demand and the difficult economic conditions which continue to impact the markets in the first quarter. For the year through March, our cumulative price which represents supplier increases to us were 1.0% in Automotive negative, plus 0.2% in Industrial, plus 2.2% in Office Products and we were flat in the Electrical. Now let’s look at SG&A. For the first quarter SG&A as a percent to sales increased just over 1% to 23.0% versus 22.92% in the first quarter of ’08. Primarily the increase is associated with a loss of expense leverage in the quarter due to the decrease in sales from last year. Outside of the sales impact, we knew getting into 2009 we had a great deal of work to do to improve the expense side of our business, and we’re pleased to have made some progress in this area. As we mentioned in our last call, we reduced our workforce by approximately 1,600 employees or 5% of our headcount in 2008. Through March of this year we reduced our headcount by another 1,200 employees for a total reduction of 2,800 or 9% of the total population. After considering the severance impact of our personnel reductions, we began to recognize the early benefits of a lower headcount and additional cost reduction efforts implemented in the first quarter such as salary pay freezes, deferral of additional stock option grants, travel limitations, and post retirement benefits among others. In addition, we had some savings from improved fleet management and a decrease in fuel and energy costs due to both lower consumption and lower costs. So despite the challenge of leveraging our expenses on the lower sales volume, we were able to show some progress in managing our expenses in the first quarter. And that said, we are far from satisfied and we can and will do a better job of further adjusting our expenses as we move forward. However, we will do so with a continued focus on providing and maintaining excellent customer service. We remain confident that we can achieve cost savings of $50 to $60 million in 2009. For the quarter, the tax rate was approximately 38.4% which is up from 35.6% in the first quarter last year. This increase is due mainly to the favorable tax impact of the sale of Johnson Industry during the first quarter last year and currently we expect our tax rate for the full year 2009 to be approximately 38.4%. Net income for the quarter was $89.2 million and was down 28% and EPS of $0.56 compared to $0.75 last year was down 25%. And as Tom mentioned, that’s not where we’d like to be. Now let’s discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter $1.219.1 billion and was down 7%. It had operating profit of $87.4 million, down 4%. So nice operating margin improvement there from 6.9% to 7.2%. Industrial group had revenue in the quarter of $736.5 million and was down 16%. It had operating profit of $34.2 million. That was down 50%. So obviously a disappointing margin degradation there due to the lack of leverage and decreasing sales to 4.6%. Office Products had revenue in the quarter, $412.7 million, and was down 7% and operating profit $38.7 million, down 12%. While their operating margin is down, it’s still very strong at 9.4% of sales. The Electrical Group had revenue in the quarter of $86.1 million. That was down 25%. Operating profit of $5.7 million, down 37%. While their margins are down for their model, they’re still very good at 6.6% to sales. So in summary, with total sales down 11% and operating profit down 22%, our consolidated operating margin fell approximately 100 basis points to 6.8% from 7.8% in the first quarter of last year. The steady and consistent gross margins and decrease in operating margin is a result of our cost structure relative to sales, which as discussed earlier we’re working hard to improve. Had net interest expense of $7.1 million for the quarter, basically flat with first quarter 2008. We currently expect our net interest to be in the range of $25 to $30 million for the full year. Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles, and minority interests was $14.2 million in the first quarter compared to $13.7 million last year. First quarter increase from 2008 mainly reflects a $3 million retirement plan valuation adjustment, offset by certain other cost reductions. And looking ahead, we continue to project the total other category for the year to be in the range of $50 to $60 million. Now let’s touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash, at March 31, $133 million was down $28 million from March 31 last year but up $65 million from December 31, ’08. We’re pleased with the strength of our cash position as over the course of 2008 we increased our use of cash for acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends. In addition, the first quarter of 2009 we made a $53 million cash contribution to the GPC pension plan. We’d add here that outside of this cash outlay and our dividend, we’ve been inclined to conserve and build cash thus far in 2009 in light of the current economic climate. So with continued strong cash flows, we’d expect our cash position to remain strong over the balance of the year. But also look for our cash balance to vary based upon the investment opportunities that may arise during the year such as acquisitions and share repurchases. Accounts receivable decreased 7% from last year on an 11% decrease in sales for the quarter. We continue to feel good about the level and quality of our receivables, but must remain diligent in monitoring the financial condition of our customers and their ability to pay. For 2009 our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a favorable rate to our change in revenue. Inventory 3/31/09 was $2.3 billion, down 3% or approximately $60 million from the first quarter last year and also down 3% from December 31, ’08. We’ve shown steady improvement in our inventory levels for several consecutive years now and we’ll continue to manage this key investment and show more improvement on this line as the year progresses. Accounts payable decreased by 4% from last year, which is in line with our decrease in purchases and inventory levels. Ongoing negotiations to improve our payment terms with certain suppliers and the expansion of our procurement card program should enable us to maintain our days in payables and reduce our purchases in 2009. Working capital was $2.6 billion at March 31, up approximately 4% from March 31 last year, and basically flat with December 31, ’08. The increase from the first quarter last year reflects accounting for $250 million in debt as current liabilities at March 31, ’08. As this debt agreement expired and was renewed at favorable rates last November, the $250 million was then reclassified to long term debt in the fourth quarter, so on a comparable basis working capital March 31, ’09 is down 5%. Pleased with the progress in managing working capital and it also emphasized that our balance sheet remains in excellent condition. We continue to generate strong solid cash flows and our strong cash position provides the company many opportunities. For 2009 we currently expect our cash from operations to reach approximately $500 million. After deducting capital expenditures and dividends, free cash flow should be in the $175 to $225 million range, which will be slightly improved from our 2008 cash flow. We’re pleased with the strength of our cash flows but we’ll strive to make further improvement. We’ll be prudent about how we use this cash during the year. For 2009 the priorities for cash remain first the dividend, which we said during our last call was increased 3% to an annual dividend of $1.60 per share for 2009. As you may know, we’ve paid a dividend every year since going public in 1948 and our 2009 dividend represents our 53rd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders. The continuous strength of our cash flows provides us confidence in our ability to sustain our dividend record. Other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchases, and where appropriate strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segments.  Capital expenditures were $14.1 million for the first quarter, down from $21.8 million in the first quarter last year. The related depreciation amortization was $22.5 million in the quarter compared to $22.7 million for first quarter last year. For full year ’09 we continue to expect our CapEx spending to be in the range of $65 to $75 million, and we expect that D&A to remain relatively steady with ’08 in the $85 to $95 million range. Another priority for us dating back to 1994 has been opportunistic share repurchases. Although we’ve not made any share repurchases thus far in 2009, we did purchase approximately 6.8 million shares of our company stock during 2008 and today we have approximately 18.5 million shares authorized for repurchase. We have no set plan for repurchases but we expect to remain active in the program as we continue to believe that investment in GPC stock, along with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders. As we also mentioned earlier, strategic acquisitions continue to be an important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. We’re fortunate to close 11 strategic acquisitions in 2008 and we had one small Automotive acquisition in the first quarter of ’09. Although these acquisitions provided an incremental revenue for us in the first quarter, we should point out that the negative impact of currency exchange in the quarter associated with our Canadian and Mexican Automotive operations completely offset these incremental revenues. We are pleased however with the acquisition opportunities that have presented themselves in recent periods, and will remain disciplined in our approach to this growth strategy. We look forward to more success in this area and plan to follow a similar plan with strategic acquisitions over the balance of 2009. We expect to have additional acquisitions to discuss with you in future calls. We feel good about our priorities for cash as we move ahead into 2009. We continue to believe that the use of cash in these areas serves to maximize total return to shareholders.  Our total debt remains unchanged at $500 million, although as mentioned earlier the $250 million in current debt in the first quarter of ’08 which expired in November last year was renewed on favorable terms another five years and reclassified to long term debt during the fourth quarter. Our $500 million in long term debt at March 31, 2009 includes $250 million which matures in 2011 and $250 million due in 2013. Total debt to total capitalization March 31, ’09, 17.6% and we’re comfortable with our capital structure at the current time. In addition, the company is stable and our balance sheet is strong which provides us with growth opportunities despite the current economic climate. Difficult economic conditions we saw in the fourth quarter of last year have continued into ’09 as expected. We’ve turned our attention to the balance of ’09 and beyond and remain focused on the proper execution of our short and long term growth plans so that we can most effectively perform through this cycle.  As we told you in our last call we remain confident in the positive fundamentals of our businesses. We believe we’ll be a stronger company when the economy begins to turn as long as we remain focused on those areas that we have control over. We were pleased to show early progress in aligning our cost structure at the current level of sales but recognize a need for even more improvement. Our management team considered our cost reduction efforts as ongoing, and as always we remain diligent on expense controls and asset management regardless of the state of the economy. We currently expect to show more progress in these areas over the next several quarters, and we continue to think positive about our businesses, our strategic plans and our prospects for long term growth. We’ll support our initiatives with a strong and healthy balance sheet and sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders. In closing, I’d say we’re very proud of the dedicated employees and their efforts to help the company show progress in sales and earnings. They truly are the best at what they do and we’re a better company because of their good work.  Tom, I’ll turn it back to you.
Thomas Gallagher:   Thank you Jerry. So that’s a recap of our first quarter results. On the revenue side, we came through the quarter about where we thought we would in Automotive and Office Products, not where we want to be in either case but about in line with our expectations. Industrial and Electrical had larger decreases than we had anticipated, however, and we ended the quarter just below the 6 to 10% revenue guidance that we had provided in our February call. On the earnings side at $0.56 per share we were pleased to fall well within the $0.45 to $0.60 range provided in the February call.  Now as far as the remainder of the year is concerned, we continue to remain on the cautious side. While our expectation is for Automotive to show gradual sequential revenue improvement over the remainder of the year, and for Office Products to remain about where they are for a few more quarters, there is still a fair degree of uncertainty about the levels of demand in the Electrical and Industrial segments in the quarters ahead. We just don’t know if we are at or near the bottom in each of these businesses at this time. With that in mind, we’re going to leave the guidance provided in our February call unchanged. At that time we said that we expected revenues to be down 5 to 8% for the full year and earnings per share to be in the $2.25 to $2.75 range. We continue to feel that these remain realistic expectations in the current environment. At this point we would like to open the call up to your questions and we’ll turn it back over to Brittany. Brittany?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Murphy - Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch:  On your cost cutting efforts your closing $50 to $60 million up for the full year. I’m just wondering as we look at the results in the first quarter how much of that was achieved in the first quarter? Did you get to sort of this 100% run rate in realization or is there more coming in the next few quarters?
Jerry W. Nix:   We did not achieve 25% of $15 million in the first quarter. We did achieve a little of it. We’re probably between $5 and $10 million cost reduction. It would have been more of that had we not had the offset with the severance pay and also we had the hit for the retirement plan charge of $3 million so it did reflect in the first quarter as much as it will going forward.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch:  And then when we look at the cash conservation in the first quarter on CapEx and very low level of share buybacks, I mean is that just you taking a conservative stance and should we expect that, you know, to continue going through the course of the year? Or, you know, will we see CapEx ramp up and really what would a maintenance CapEx level be as we look at the business going forward?
Jerry W. Nix: Our CapEx for the year we’re still thinking it’ll be in the $60 to $75 million range going forward. And so far that’s going to be in technology and has some improvement and some upgrade in utility equipment and so forth. In the current climate we’re not building new facilities and to answer your question yes we are conserving cash and that’s the reason for not buying the shares but we have some potential acquisitions that we’re looking at, and we wouldn’t be interested in going out and borrowing any money to make those acquisitions in this climate. So that’s the reason for the conservation of the cash.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch:  So it’s more to keep dry powder as opposed to a real concern that there’s a need to husband cash right now?
Jerry W. Nix: Absolutely.
John Murphy - Merrill Lynch:  In the fourth quarter there were certainly some conflicting data points in the, you know, decline in your Automotive revenue in the fourth quarter continued in the first quarter and there was some concern toward the end of last year that there might be some market share losses in the Automotive business, you know, given some of your competitors printed up positive comps in the fourth quarter. You know, the market indicators, we’d have to believe that, you know, that the after market was actually down in aggregate in the fourth quarter and certainly down in the first quarter. So your numbers seem to jive with what we’re seeing, but there is that conflicting data out there. I mean, can you see anything going on in your market share shifts? And I know you guys specifically mentioned some weakness in your fleet business. Is there anything going on in the market that you can tell or is it just general market weakness that you’re experiencing?
Thomas Gallagher:   John, I’ll answer that or try to anyway. You know, we see several things happening and having an influence on our performance over the last two quarters. One thing, keep in mind is that our same store sales performance was actually quite good compared to what we saw happening with others up through the third quarter of last year. We did in fact slip in the fourth quarter and our same store sales performance in the first quarter is not where we would like it to be nor where we think it will be going forward.  I would say that we probably did lose a little bit of share temporarily in Q4 and in the first quarter of this year. But we’ve taken a hard look at the business and we’ve learned some things along the way. Number one, we’ve confirmed in our minds that we’ve got an extraordinarily strong capable and dedicated group of people who want our Automotive operations to perform at the levels that they’re expected. And we’ve confirmed also that the underlying business is actually good. Fundamentally, this is a good business to be in. It’s in a slower period right now, but medium and long term we feel good about the prospects in Automotive. I think what we found as we looked at the business pretty carefully is that there were a couple of key product categories that we needed to do some pricing adjustment on in order to position us competitively in the marketplace. Things like rotors, calipers, rod control would be examples of product categories we felt that we might have gotten a little bit out of alignment on, and steps have been taken to correct all of that. And those programs are fresh out into the field now.  We have a couple of others that we probably need to do some adjusting on and they’re being worked on currently. We have felt over the past couple of weeks that we needed to clarify and sharpen the focus of our organization on a few key sales opportunities and accelerate the evolution of a couple of what we think are really good growth opportunities for us, specifically the import parts program and the heavy duty truck parts program, both of which continue to grow nicely. But we think we can accelerate the evolution there in the weeks and quarters ahead. One of the things that did influence our results, I referenced it in my remarks, is that we’re a bit more heavily skewed toward the fleet category of customer, and that’s a category that’s going through a down period currently and one that we need to continue to work closely with to help them through the more challenging times that they’re encountering. And also we think we may be able to earn a bigger share of their spend as we work more closely with them. And then we also need to try to offset some of the decline in the fleet segment by reinvigorating our focus on what we would call the regular installer business, programs like NAPA Auto Care and major accounts. I think we’ve found that there were a couple of key product areas where we did not do as well as we have done historically, tools and equipment would be an example, and we see an opportunity there to improve the performance in the quarters ahead. And we also found that maybe we needed to shorten some of the decision making cycle time which our folks have improved upon immensely over the last couple of weeks. So I guess I’d say that we haven’t found anything in our business that we consider to be structurally or fundamentally wrong within the business. I think what we have identified are some areas that we can take action on and things that we can fix for the most part in the near term and the team is focused on that right now. And as a result, our expectation is that we will show gradual but steady improvement in the Automotive performance as we work our way through the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  A couple of questions on the operating margin performance by business. It looks like in Automotive that the EBIT margin year-on-year was actually quite good considering the self performance that you showed. You could say the same in Office Supply and maybe the opposite to some degree in Industrial where granted it’s hard to gauge what’s appropriate with the kind of sales that you took. You fell a bit short of our number. So if you could contrast your success, I guess on costs in particular and any other dynamic by business that would have driven those operating margin results.
Thomas Gallagher:   Matt I’ll take a stab at that and then Jerry can jump in, but I think across all four of the businesses we’ve got very active cost containment initiatives going on, and all four have contributed in a meaningful way. Jerry mentioned earlier that one of the initiatives is to keep our headcount in line with the revenue production. And we did have a headcount reduction again in the first quarter, but the effect of that will not be felt really until the second quarter and beyond because of accrued benefit and severance payments to the folks. So we’ve got a little bit further to go before we see the benefit of that. Other things are happening across all of the businesses. Our facility rationalizations and consolidations, as a for instance in the Automotive we opened 65 new stores in the quarter but we actually consolidated or closed 94 of them. So we had a net reduction in store count of 29, most of those being company owned stores, 27 of those were company owned stores. And again there’s no benefit associated with that until we get into quarters two and beyond. We’ve done a lot of route optimization on our transportation routes out of each of the businesses. The main problem in Industrial and the Electrical businesses is the degree of reduction in the revenue side. We just could not de-leverage quickly enough to catch up with the 16% revenue decline and a 25% revenue decline in Electrical. And as I mentioned in my comments, as the quarter progressed the revenue declines actually accelerated in both of those businesses. So it was a challenging quarter, but we’ll catch up with it on the expense side in the not too distant future.
Jerry W. Nix:  I might mention we’re not used to dealing in negative numbers period, but much less numbers that are this negative in the Industrial and in the Electrical. And so we are kind of chasing the number. We’re not sure what an acceptable expense level is. We’re certainly not happy with a 4.6% operating margin in Industrial and that, you now, cost structure will be adjusted going forward. But the basic expenses that we’re looking to reduce are in all business units are pretty much the same. It’s in the line with freight and headcount, facility rationalization and all of those things that Tom mentioned.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Second question relates to the Automotive, I think essentially comp store sales at company owned stores. You said I guess it was only for the DIY or walk through business where you give a 1% number. [Inaudible] it was overall, you said Automotive was down 1% on a comparative basis. Where was that at comparative number in Q4 just so we can compare the trend from Q4 to Q1?
Thomas Gallagher:   It was about the same. We were just modestly better in the first quarter of this year, Matt. But it’d be easier just to say it was the same.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  So the common drags on both periods I guess were currency, it sounds like it was the biggest one. I know the calendar route was a modest drag here in the first quarter.
Thomas Gallagher:   That’s right. We had one less day and that’s about 1.6% by our calculation.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  And there’s a great deal more currency I guess in Automotive than anywhere else in your company?
Thomas Gallagher:   There is. And it cost us about 5% in the quarter.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  And then the last question I would ask relates to just April and you talked about the deceleration in Industrial linked businesses intensifying really into March. Any sense you can give us on April in any of the businesses would be very helpful.
Thomas Gallagher:   In the Industrial business we think that our expectation for the quarter, second quarter in Industrial, is about where we ended the first quarter. Maybe slightly weaker, but not dramatically so. In the Electrical business our expectation is to be down at least as much as we were in the first quarter and maybe a little bit more based upon what we see right now. Office Products should remain relatively stable and Automotive we would look for just a slight improvement in the second quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Anthony Cristello - BB & T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB & T Capital Markets:  I guess sort of on the line of questioning that Matt had, when you look at where you see perhaps trends on the Industrial and some of the other categories that are likely to at least remain weak here for the foreseeable future, do you anticipate the level of cost savings that you’ve identified to be able to offset what will be sort of a, more of a deterioration in the revenue? Or at some point does one, you know, take – do you actually get more de-leverage from the sale side? Or do you do enough on the cost side to come through to cover that?
Jerry W. Nix: It’s a balancing act. I mean, it’s a balancing act because we don’t want to go so far that we can’t service the business we have and lose it to competition or lose the revenue. We’re not sure at this point because we haven’t been in this territory before but I can tell you we do feel like we’ve got more costs we’re going to have to take out. Another part of this in Industrial and Electrical is because in those businesses you get volume incentives, and if we were reducing our inventories and reducing our purchasing because of the lack of sales, then that has an impact as well. So it really is difficult or impossible for us to answer where that new operating margin’s going to be for ’09. Certainly, you know, this is not going to last forever and it’ll cycle back out and we’ll get those margins back up to where they were, but it’s impossible for us to answer where they’re going to be here for the next couple of quarters.
Thomas Gallagher:   I might try to add something that perhaps will be helpful, and that is when we started to see the businesses slow in the early part of the fourth quarter last year, each of the businesses built cost reduction plans, very specific, very detailed. All of them implemented on those plans and did a good job with that. But as we saw the business was decelerating even more in Industrial and Electrical, they had built contingency plans to take more costs out, which they have been working on, and they continue to refine the contingency planning to try to catch up with the declining revenue. So as Jerry said, we’ve got a good bit more to go but our folks are pretty determined that they’re going to get to where they need to be.
Anthony Cristello - BB & T Capital Markets:  Has there been any change in how you compensate your employees? I mean, has there been more incentive given to profit dollars and hitting reduced budgets? Or are you just not – I mean, I’m just wondering from a compensation structure, short of saying hey here’s the new budget, we’ve got to save costs, but what’s the priority or the focus been across each division when it comes to that as well?
Thomas Gallagher:   Well, our plans are built specifically within each of the businesses and they’re put together with specific recognition of what responsibilities the individual may have. But if you look at any one of the businesses, the management teams at the senior levels are heavily compensated on an incentive plan and it’s heavily skewed toward the profitability and the return on investment in those businesses. So we have not changed the plans as much as you’re asking, I don’t think, because we’ve always been heavily dependent upon profitability performance which takes into consideration the revenue and the net profit for that business.
Anthony Cristello - BB & T Capital Markets:  One last question and maybe this is for Jerry. When you look at the revenue decline, how much positive impact did you have on revenue this year from an acquired business standpoint?
Jerry W. Nix: We probably would have had 1 to 2% on the acquisitions, but that was all traded off with the currency exchange for our Canadian and Mexican operations.
Anthony Cristello - BB & T Capital Markets:  Is currency – has that started to work a little bit back into your favor as this quarter progresses?
Thomas Gallagher:   Modestly in March, but not where we would like to see it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Himanshu Patel - J.P. Morgan.
Ryan Brinkman - J.P. Morgan:  Hi. This is Ryan Brinkman for Himanshu Patel. I know you discussed margins a bit already, but I was wondering if you could make some specific comments related to the rather benign [decrimentals] at the Automotive segment this quarter. Specifically, you know, how should we think about the sustainability of the more non-variable portion of the costs that were taken out this quarter? And might decrimentals be as benign moving forward as they were in the quarter for this segment?
Jerry W. Nix: Well, one of the things that happened is our margins in the Automotive in the first quarter last year were not as good as we like for them to be, and we had a couple of unusual things in there. We had the sale of Johnson Industries was in there. We also had the closure of one of our rebuilding plants was in there. So that’s helped some, but the Automotive folks, their revenue was impacted earlier than any of the other business segments and they started taking the costs out earlier. And they didn’t have for the headcount reduction they didn’t have the impact for the severance that the other business units had. I think, you know, we hope to see continued improvement in the margins and I don’t know if we’ll see 0.04% of an increase in the Automotive margin each quarter, but we think we can continue to take costs out there and see some improvement. The key to that is going to be to get the revenue growth back.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thank you. Earlier you talked about pricing in Automotive being negative 1%. Is that the impact of your pricing actions on the items you mentioned earlier or is that just a generic decline across the board?
Jerry W. Nix: It is a cumulative pricing that we received from our manufacturers from January 1 through the first quarter. So it’s not a full impact on our revenue growth, but that is a factor because we pass on pricing increases or decreases.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay.
Thomas Gallagher:   Keith, that’s manufacturer related and it has nothing to do with any specific actions that we may have taken in the marketplace.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  Now the specific actions you took, how much of the product portfolio are we talking about here? Small number? Big number?
Thomas Gallagher:   It depends upon the definition of small or big. I mean, we’re talking tens of millions of dollars, but we’re not talking $50 or $100 million.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  And within the Industrial business, the cost cuts there, is that something we’ll start to see in the second quarter the benefit or is that more of a second half of the year?
Thomas Gallagher:   I think we’ll start to see some of it feed through in the second quarter, and then it’ll continue on through the remainder of the year because they’re into their contingency planning in terms of getting costs out as well.
Keith Hughes - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey:  And final question. You talked about your fleet sales being hurt within the Automotive segment. Was that due to loss of customers or just customers business being down year-over-year?
Thomas Gallagher:   No, customers business being down. Contraction in that category.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation:  Jerry, you mentioned I think that you had a pension contribution of $53 million? Is that correct?
Jerry W. Nix: That’s correct. Yes.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation:  Was that a required contribution or was it voluntary?
Jerry W. Nix:   No, it was required. We, you know, we have a policy internally that we’re going to have our pension plan fully funded. And with the retirees and all the pension plan has generated in 2008 that got down. And then we had an actuarial calculation done that said we needed to make a $53 million contribution to get it back to an acceptable funded status. And that’s what that was for.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation:  And where did that show up on your cash flow statement? Was that just in the operating cash flow number there?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes it was.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation:  And your assumptions for the year – your free cash flow assumptions include that contribution?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes they do.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  A couple of questions. One, I wanted to follow up on the auto pricing a bit. The number you gave, if you were to split that into commodity products versus more hard parts is there a discernible difference just given how much oil has fallen?
Thomas Gallagher:   It might be more heavily skewed toward some of the petrol chemical type products. We’ve seen some deceleration in pricing there over the quarter.
Jerry W. Nix: I might point out that that’s across all product categories within the Automotive. And it may be that we had some price increases for certain product categories and decreases for others. That’s a net number across all product categories within the Automotive.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  But if you took out sort of the commodity chemicals, it still would have been down. Is that fair?
Jerry W. Nix: We don’t know that granular information on it, but unless you do, Tom. I’m not sure that I can answer that.
Thomas Gallagher:   I’d say it probably was down just a bit.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  And then getting a little deeper into the Office Products side, could you give us a bit more color from the top line perspective as to how the national accounts are doing versus some of the independents?
Thomas Gallagher:   Well, we can tell you what our business is with them. The independent business was down 5% in the quarter, and our major account business was down high teens in the quarter.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  And just a reminder, that’s similar to the trend in the fourth quarter?
Thomas Gallagher:   No, the fourth quarter we actually were modestly up with the independents and the majors it’s a little bit softer. But the big difference was with the independents. Our independent business last year, Greg, was up 1% if I remember correctly and our major account business was down mid double digits last year.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  So sequentially the bigger swing you saw was with independents.
Thomas Gallagher:   Yes. In the quarter.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley:  And then finally, with the actions you’re taking particularly in Auto, how should we think about that in terms of impact in gross margin versus SG&A going forward? I mean, you take a lot of action. It sounds like a lot of that is still coming through on SG&A but if you’re taking pricing actions should we expect gross margin to be harder to grow going forward?
Thomas Gallagher:   I would say that our gross may lag the revenue just slightly, but not materially, because we’ve got initiatives to protect the gross profit in other ways as well.
Operator:  Your last question comes from [Brian Bonheimer] – Gabelli and Company.
Brian Bonheimer – Gabelli and Company:  Are you guys seeing across the board any deterioration or distress in the independent distributors, whether its in the Office Products division or with MRO products in the Industrial side?
Thomas Gallagher:   When you say distress –
Brian Bonheimer – Gabelli and Company: Opportunities for you to potentially gain share, not through consolidation but rather just less competition being around to compete with.
Thomas Gallagher: I think there may be some of that yes and I think that may surface in all four of the industries quite honestly, but especially in the industries that are more highly fragmented. We see some evidence of that starting to surface currently. 
Brian Bonheimer – Gabelli and Company:  Any particular line that and just how impactful this could be from a revenue perspective for you going forward?
Thomas Gallagher:   No, I don’t think we could quantify that honestly. I think it’d be difficult, because we don’t know specifically the size of some of these companies nor do we know which ones in particular may be under more stress. But we see some evidence in the marketplace that some of this may be going on.
Brian Bonheimer – Gabelli and Company: Okay. Thank you again. All of my questions have been answered.
Thomas Gallagher: All right. Thank you.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you Brian. Brittany, thank you. We appreciate everybody joining us on the call today and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to talking with you in the future.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey - Senior Vice President, Finance Thomas C. Gallagher - President and Chief Executive Officer Jerry W. Nix - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Murphy - BAS-ML Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Analyst for Anthony Cristello- BB&T Capital Markets Analyst for Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley [Brian Sundheimer – Govilia Company] Alan Zeigler - First Manhattan Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company 2008 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance.
Carol Yancey: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts Company fourth quarter and year end conference call to discuss our earnings results and our outlook for 2009.  Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company and its management, statements of future economic performance, and the assumptions underlying these statements regarding the company and its business. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I will split the duties on this call and once we have concluded our remarks we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Now earlier this morning we released our fourth quarter and year end 2008 results and hopefully you have all had an opportunity to review them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, as quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2.52 billion, which was down 4%. Net income was $87.8 million, which was down 30%, and earnings per share were $0.55 this year compared to $0.75 in the fourth quarter of 2008, an EPS decrease of 27%. For the full year sales were $11.015 billion, which was up 2%. Net income was $475.4 million, which was down 6% and earnings per share per share were $2.92 compared to $2.98 last year and that’s down 2%. While pleased that our earnings per share exceeded the range of $2.85 to $2.90 that we can in our January 23rd release, we would also say that we are disappointed with the way that the year turned out. Through September our sales were running up 3%, our net income was up 2%, and EPS was up 6% and our results have been fairly consistent and steady over the first nine months of the year. But then starting in the second half of October we saw a sudden and significant drop off in demand across all four business segments, and as mentioned a moment ago, fourth quarter revenues were down 4%. Currency exchange negatively impacted our fourth quarter results by $63.0 million and the sale of Johnson Industries earlier in the year had an impact of $22.0 million. These two factors accounted for 3% of our decrease but we were still down 1% on a comparative basis. Looking at the individual business segments, Motion Industries, our industrial operation, was running 6.5% ahead through September but then the combination of the overall decline in industrial production in the final quarter, plus the impact of extended holiday shut downs among many of our customers, combined with a deferral of normal holiday maintenance by a number of others, contributed to a flat fourth quarter and we ended the year at plus 5%. Despite the slower growth in the fourth quarter we were pleased with the overall progress made in several key industry groups. Pulp and paper, food products, chemical and petro chemical and iron and steel all grew nicely for the year but these were offset by declines in automotive, lumber and wood products, and other housing-related industries. The 5% increase for the year is a solid performance from our industrial operations, in our opinion, and this follows four consecutive years of nice growth for this team. But with the current slowdown in the manufacturing sector, the next several quarters will prove challenging, however, we feel that the elements of their growth strategy, including product line expansions, increased penetration in targeted industries, and strategic bolt-on acquisitions will position them to emerge from the downturn with an increased share of market. Staying within the Industrial segment, after running 10% ahead through September, EIS, our electrical electronic company, was down 4% in the quarter and they ended the year with a 7% increase. Still a very respectable increase but they encountered similar types of market dynamics in the fourth quarter as our industrial operations. They saw an industry-wide drop off in demand starting in October that deepened as the quarter progressed and they also saw extended plant shut downs during the holiday season. But despite the fourth quarter drop off, we were pleased to see the good progress that EIS made during the year in developing key account business across their customer base as well as establishing a solid presence in an exciting new segment, the solar energy business, which we feel should present some nice opportunities for EIS in the quarters ahead. Moving on to Office Products, S.P. Richards, our office products company, is a business that has encountered sales difficulties pretty much all year long, reflective of an overall industry slowdown that actually began in 2007. We felt that we were starting to see modest signs of the business conditions firming up just a bit in the second and third quarters but then the high level of white collar job reductions in the final months of the year caused Office Products demand to drop off, resulting in a 5% sales decrease in the fourth quarter and we ended the year down 2%. On the positive side, we were pleased to see growth in the independently-owned Office Products reseller customer category. This group was up 2% in the final quarter and they ended the year up 1%. This was offset, however, by a double-digit decrease in the national account customer segment. On the product side our strongest increase came from cleaning and break room category, followed by a modest increase in core office supplies, but then technology products and furniture each had single digit decreases. So overall it was a challenging year in the Office Products industry and with the economy shedding jobs at the rate that it has over the past four months, we expect 2009 to be equally as challenging. But we do feel that the S.P. Richards’ strategy of product line expansions in key categories, private brand initiatives, and enhanced marketing and e-commerce programs will position them and their customers for solid growth once again as their markets start to stabilize. And finally Automotive. Sales for this group were down 6% for the quarter and they were even for the year. Now, our Automotive results were affected by the sale of Johnson Industries in the first quarter of the year. This amounted to a difference of $22.0 million in the fourth quarter and currency exchange also had an impact of $49.0 million. Without the impact of these two factors, our underlying automotive business was down 1% for the quarter and up 2% for the year.  We continue to see geographic differences in performance within our automotive operations. The Midwest, Southwest, Mountain, and Northeast portions of the country all performed well in 2008 while the Southeast and certain Western states like California, Arizona, and Nevada had the most challenges. Our commercial business held up better than our cash business for the year, led by positive results in our two primary commercial programs, NAPA auto care and major accounts. For the year our total commercial business was up low single digits while our cash business was down just slightly, pretty much in line with industry trends, we think. In the near term we feel that automotive demand will continue to be dampened by the overall economic conditions. However, the underlying fundamentals for the industry remain longer term positive and as the economy starts to rebound we feel that an upturn in automotive demand will follow. In the meantime, we continue to work on programs like NAPA auto care and major accounts and strategic initiatives like our import parts and heavy-duty truck parts programs, all of which we feel will position our Automotive operations for long-term success. So this is a quick overview of the fourth quarter and full year results and we will have more to say about them in our closing comments and in the Q&A portion of the call. But first, we’ll ask Jerry to take a few minutes to cover the financial results.
Jerry W. Nix: We are first going to review the income statement and segment information and then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. We will be brief and then open the call up to your questions. A view of the income statement shows the following. Total sales for the fourth quarter are down 4% to $2.5 billion, reflecting the rapid decline in demand in all of our businesses late in the year. For the year we finished up 2% at $11.0 billion and this increase represents another record level of sales for GPC. Our consistent and steady record of sales growth is something we strive for but we clearly have our work cut out for us as we move into 2009. Gross profit in the quarter increased 21 basis points to 29.83% to sales compared to 29.62% in the fourth quarter last year. We are pleased to show progress for the quarter in our gross margin, and for the year gross margin held relatively steady with the prior two years at 29.72% to sales. To show progress on this line we continue to focus on several factors, including the impact of product and customer mix as well as our global sourcing initiatives. In addition, we had the benefit of inflationary pricing in 2008, which exceeded any increases we have had as far back as the early 80s. Offsetting the benefits of inflation in our margin initiatives are the competitive pricing pressures associated with lower demand and the difficult economic conditions impacting our markets. For the year, our cumulative pricing which represents the prior increases to us plus 6.0% in Automotive, 7.9% in Industrial, 4.2% in Office Products, and 8.3% in Electrical. Now let’s look at SG&A. For the fourth quarter SG&A as a percent to sales was 23.8% versus 21.88% in the fourth quarter of 2007 and for the full 12 months in 2008 was 22.73%, up 59 basis points from 2007. We can attribute much of the fourth quarter increase to the significant and rapid loss of sales volume and its impact on our ability to leverage expenses. We had felt this to a lesser degree throughout the first nine months of the year. Additionally, in the fourth quarter we had certain expense adjustments that impacted this line. These include items such as the retirement plan evaluation adjustment referenced in our January 23rd release, as well as insurance reserve adjustments, and an increase to our reserve for bad debts. We also earned less interest income in 2008 which impacted this line in the quarter and throughout the year. After we adjust for these items and our loss of expense leverage, SG&A as a percent to sales in the fourth quarter is up approximately 20 basis points from the fourth quarter in 2007, which is in line with where we were through the first nine months of 2008. Given the uncertainty of our sales levels in 2009, we have a great deal of work to do to improve the expense side of our businesses. In 2008 we reduced our workforce by approximately 1,600 employees, or 5% of our headcount. For 2009 we currently have initiatives to further reduce our expenses, including additional reductions associated with personnel costs such as headcount reductions effective in the current quarter of 2009, salaried pay freezes, the deferral of additional stock option grants, travel limitations, and [indistinguishable] time of benefits among others. We also have planned savings in areas such as fleet management and fuel and energy consumption, as well as facility rationalization. Our management teams are very focused on the ongoing assessment of the appropriate cost structure in our businesses and the need for future cost reductions while maintaining our high standards for excellent customer service. Every expense category that we have is under review, no matter how small. For the quarter, the tax rate was approximately 41.6%, which compares to 38.0% of the fourth quarter of 2007. Primarily the fourth quarter rate increase was due to non-deductible expense associated with the retirement plan evaluation adjustment. For the year our tax rate was approximately 38.1% which is up slightly from 38.0% for the full year of 2007. Currently we are expecting the tax rate for 2009 to increase about to 38.5%. This increase is due to higher foreign taxes and the positive tax impact last year from the sale of Johnson Industries. Net income for the quarter, $87.8 million, down 30%. Earnings per share of $0.55 compared to $0.75 last year, down 27%. For the year, net income of $475.0 million is down 6%. EPS of $2.92 compared to $2.98 in 2007, down 2%. As Tom mentioned, we’re disappointed with our performance for the year, and especially our fourth quarter. Now let’s discuss the results by segment. For the fourth quarter Automotive had revenues of $1.194 billion and was down 6%. Operating profit of $67.5 million down 23%, the operating margins were down to 5.7%. Industrial group for the quarter had revenue of $828.4 million and revenue flat for the quarter with operating profit of $71.9 million, down 7% and operating margin still strong but down to 8.7% from 9.3% the prior year. Office Products had $400.3 million in revenue, down 5%, operating profit of $29.4 million, down 22%, our operating margin dropped to 7.3% for the quarter. Electrical had revenue in the quarter of $102.2 million. That was down 4%. Operating profit of $7.5 million was up 5% so nice margin expansions at the close the quarter was 7.4% operating margin there. Now looking at the full year for the segments. Automotive had revenue of $5.3215 billion, up 0.2% representing 48% of the total company revenue with operating profit of $385.4 million, down 7% so their operating margin declined from 7.8% in 2007 to 7.2%. The Industrial group, revenues of $3.5147 billion, up 5% representing 32% of the total. Operating profit of $294.7 million was also up 5% so their margin stayed strong and finished the year at 8.4% of sales. The Office Products group for the full year had revenue of $1.7325 billion, down 2% representing 16% of the total company revenue with operating profits of $144.1 million, down 8%, with their operating margin slipping from 8.9% to 8.3%. The Electrical group had revenue for the full year of $465.9 million, up 7% and representing 4% of the total. Operating profit $36.7 million and was up 21% and their margins expanded nicely from 7.0% to 7.9%. So in summary, operating profit for the fourth quarter fell 16% on a 4% sales decrease, resulting in operating margin of 7.0% for the total company, which is down from 8.0% in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the year our operating profit margin was 7.8%, down slightly from 8.1% in 2007. With steady and consistent gross margins, our decrease in operating margins directly correlates to the increase in our operating costs, which includes the expense adjustments mentioned earlier for the quarter and the year. We are working hard to improve this situation as we go into 2009. We had net interest expense of $8.0 million for the fourth quarter and for the full year our net interest expense was $29.8 million compared to $21.1 million in 2007. This is up from the prior year due to our $10.0 million decrease in interest income in 2008 which resulted from lower rates and less invested cash related to our increase in expenditures for dividends, acquisitions, and share repurchases. We expect our net interest to improve to approximately $26.0 million to $28.0 million in 2009 due to favorable interest terms on a portion of our long-term debt. Other categories, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority interest were $18.1 million in the fourth quarter, $62.5 million for the year. This fourth quarter increase from 2007 was mainly due to an $11.0 million retirement plan valuation adjustment. In addition, our amortization of intangibles was slightly higher throughout 2008 due to the acquisitions. Looking ahead, we currently project the total other category to be in the $50.0 million to $60.0 million for 2009. Now let’s touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at December 31, 2008, was $68.0 million, down $164.0 million from December 31, 2007. Our lower cash balance relative to 2007 was mainly due to the increased expenditures in 2008 for acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividends, as mentioned earlier, as well as our decrease in net income. We expect our cash position to remain sound in the year ahead but also look for our cash balances to vary, based on investment opportunities that may arise in the year, such as acquisitions and share repurchases. Accounts receivable increased 1% from last year, including acquisitions on a 2% increase in revenue for the year. We continue to feel good about the quality of our receivables but in this environment know that we must be especially diligent in monitoring the financial condition of our customers and their ability to pay. For 2009 our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than sales growth. Inventory at December 31, 2008, was $2.3 billion, down 1% from last year, which includes acquisitions. We have shown steady improvement on our inventory levels for several consecutive years now and will continue to manage this key investment and show more progress in the year ahead. Accounts payable also showed improvement again in 2008, increasing 2% from last year to $1.0 billion. Improved payment terms with certain suppliers and the expansion of our procurement card program have driven the increase on this line. We should see additional progress here in 2009 as well. Working capital was $2.6 billion at December 31, 2008, up approximately 3% from December 31, 2007. We added this account for the reclassification of $250.0 million in debt from current liabilities in 2007 to long-term debt in 2008. For the year we maintain our working capital as a percentage of sales, a working capital efficiency at $0.23 on the sales dollar, which was even with last year and has improved from $0.25 in 2006. We are pleased with our progress in managing working capital and would also emphasize that our balance sheet remains in excellent financial condition. Now before moving away from the balance sheet we thought it would be helpful to discuss the accounting for our pension plan in 2008, which has affected several of our balance sheet categories at December 31, 2008, and will have further implication in future years. In accordance with FAS 158, which requires a recognition of the over- or under-funded status of pension and other retirement benefit plans on the balance sheet, we increased our pension liability of December 31, 2008, which had the effect of increasing our deferred tax asset and decreasing other assets and shareholder’s equity. As you may know, we implemented a soft freeze to the pension plan effective January 1, 2009, and we feel this action should serve to minimize the volatility in our accounting for the funding requirements and costs associated with this plan going forward. We would say here that the future state of the markets and pension assumptions, such as the discount rate, will likely dictate the timing of any savings from this soft freeze of the plan. Continued to generate solid cash flows and in 2008 cash from operations was approximately $530.0 million for the year and after deducting capital expenditures and dividends, free cash flow was $173.0 million for 2008. We are pleased with the strength of our cash flows in 2008 and also feel good about how we used our cash during the year. As we transition to 2009 our priority for cash remains. First and foremost the dividend, which we have paid every year since going public in 1948, and as you may know from our January 23rd announcement, the Board approved a 3% increase in the annual dividend for 2009 to $1.60 a share. 2009 dividend represents 55% of our 2008 earnings and marks the 53rd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to shareholders. The current yield on our dividend is approximately 5%. Other priorities for cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchase, and where appropriate, strategic tasks of acquisitions in each of our business segments. Opportunistic share repurchases remain a high priority for us and as part of our repurchase program we have purchased approximately 6.8 million shares of our company stock during 2008. On November 17, 2008, the Board authorized a repurchase of an additional 15.0 million shares and combined with the 3.5 million shares remaining under the 2006 authorization, we currently have approximately 18.5 million shares authorized for repurchase. We have no set pattern for these repurchases but we will remain active in the program as we continue to believe an investment in GPC stock, along with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders.  As we mentioned, strategic acquisitions continue to be an important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. In 2008 we closed on a total of 11 acquisitions and these include at least one in each of our business segments. We are pleased with the acquisition opportunities that have presented themselves this year and we remain disciplined in our approach to this growth strategy. We believe we have added quality companies to our operations, which we expect to be accretive to our returns. For the fourth quarter and the year acquisitions contributed approximate 2.5% and 1.5% to total sales respectively, although these revenues were partially offset by the sale of Johnson Industries. These new businesses are important to us, we look forward to more success with this element of our growth strategy. We plan to follow a similar pattern of strategic acquisitions in our various segments. Capital expenditures were $45.0 million for the fourth quarter, up from $31.9 million in the fourth quarter last year. For the full year capex of $105.0 million was down from $115.6 million in 2007.  Looking to 2009 we should see our capex spending at approximately $75.0 million as we are moving slowly to start any new projects in the near term but we will continue to make the necessary reinvestment in our businesses. Capex investments will primarily be made in productivity enhancement projects. Depreciation and amortization was $22.2 million in the quarter, $88.7 million for the year, up slightly from 2007. We expect D&A to be in the range of $85.0 million to $95.0 million in 2009, relatively steady with 2008. We feel positive about our priorities for cash as we move into 2009. We continue to believe that the use of cash in these areas serves to maximize the total return to shareholders.  Total debt remained unchanged at $500.0 million, although the $250.0 million in current debt in 2007, which expired November 2008, was renewed on favorable terms another five years and reclassified to long-term debt during the fourth quarter. Our $500.0 million in long-term at December 31, 2008, now includes $250.0 million which matures in November 2011 and $250.0 million due in 2013. Total debt to total capitalization December 31, 2008, was 17.7% and we are comfortable with that capital structure at this time. We would point out that although the debt remains the same our debt ratio was up from last year and this relates to our year-end pension accounting which reduced equity, as mentioned earlier. The company is stable, our balance sheet is strong and we believe this will allow us to weather the current economic climate in fine fashion. We closed the year in 2008 facing extremely difficult economic conditions and it would appear that these conditions will continue for some time. And when we turn our attention to 2009 we will remain focused on the proper execution of our short- and long-term growth plans and believe this approach will help us perform through this cycle. We are confident in the positive fundamentals of our businesses and we believe we will be a stronger company when the economy begins to turn as long as we remain focused on those areas that we have control over. We are making appropriate adjustments to our cost structure and we stay diligent on expense controls as well as asset management, regardless of what happens with the economy. We expect to show progress in these areas but as you know, the degree of improvement is more difficult to forecast in a volatile economic climate such as today. We will continue to support our initiatives with a strong and healthy balance sheet and sound cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders. We continue to think positive about our businesses, their strategic plans, and their prospects for long-term growth.  We are proud of our dedicated employees and their efforts and this is especially true in these uncertain times. We are very appreciative of their efforts in making Genuine Parts Company the great company that we believe it to be and we know we have the right people in place to make it an even better company in the years ahead. Tom, I will turn it back to you.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, that recaps our fourth quarter and full year results and 2008 certainly proved to be an interesting and challenging year for us. We felt that we were holding up reasonably well through the first nine months but then the pace and the depth of the economic decline in the fourth quarter impacted all four of our businesses, and this has continued in the early days of 2009 as well. As you might expect, our Industrial and Electrical businesses are having the most difficult time right now, running double-digit decreases for the first six weeks of the year. Office Products is about where they were in the fourth quarter and Automotive is showing just slight improvement. So overall, we continue to feel the effects of the economic slowdown and providing guidance for 2009 is extraordinarily difficult right now. So much depends on what happens in the economy and how this will affect our revenues for the year. Our feeling right now is that 2009 will be another challenging year, with the first two quarters being the most difficult. Looking at the first quarter, we have already given you a sense of our sales results through the first six weeks. Additionally, we have one less sales day in the quarter this year compared to last and we also continue to face an unfavorable exchange rate adjustment. The net result is that we think that revenues for the quarter will be down 6% to 10% and with revenue at this level our expectation if for earnings per share to be in the $0.45 to $0.60 range compared to $0.75 last year. For the full year, at this point in time, we would say a revenue expectation of down 5% to down 8% and an EPS expectation of $2.25 to $2.75 would be appropriate. Now, we recognize that the EPS range of $2.25 to $2.75 is quite broad but until we get a sense for how the economy is going to react in the months ahead, it’s hard for us to be any more precise but we would hope to be able to narrow the guidance some as we get a little further into the year. In the meantime, while we can’t control the economic conditions impacting our company, nor predict the length of the current cycle, we can control how we run the business. And in the near term the focus of the entire GPC management team is on maximizing our revenue opportunities while at the same time driving our cost reduction and asset management initiatives throughout each of our business segments. At this point we would like to address any question you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Murphy – BAS-ML.
John Murphy – BAS-ML: [break in audio] . . . we’re looking at as a big guidance range for the revenue decline, which makes a lot of sense and you have given us a pretty big, wide range on the earnings per share expectations that you have for 2009. If you could just highlight the major levers that you may be able to pull, in addition to what you’re doing already, if sales really are coming in at the lower end of the range.
Thomas C. Gallagher: We may have missed the first part of your question, but when you refer to the levers, are you talking about expense levers or revenue levers?
John Murphy – BAS-ML: I apologize. I said in light of the big range on revenue, which I understand, I mean, it makes sense right now, and the big range that we see on EPS, if we were down 8% on revenue, what would be the incremental levers that you would be pulling to cut costs, above and beyond what you’re doing right now? Or is it just intensifying the efforts?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, the major things that we are looking at right now obviously would be the headcount. Jerry mentioned we were down 5% in headcount for 2008. We were down an additional 2% in January and will continue to monitor that as we work our way through the quarter. We are also looking at, and have embarked upon, some facility rationalizations and consolidations and those steps are underway.  We have looked at things like outbound transportation, route optimization, which we feel has some potential for us as we dig deeper into this. And we have got a number of initiatives that are either underway or are about to be underway to help bring the cost structure down.
John Murphy – BAS-ML: If we just think about, there in the decline we say towards the end, or in the second half of the quarter, which was pretty severe across the board, was there anything that you could tell whether you were gaining or losing market share in your segments?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I wouldn’t say that. I think at this point our sense is that we performed at the market perhaps in Automotive and in Office Products. We may have gained just a little bit of share in Industrial and Electrical. But I think the market just really started to drop pretty dramatically as the quarter progressed.
John Murphy – BAS-ML: On acquisitions as we go through 2009, is there the chance that you might be able to conquest business from some of these weaker players, or these players that you might have acquired in the past and back fill your distribution centers, or would there be the need to make these smaller bolt-on acquisitions as we go through 2009, to gain some share maybe?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we think both of the scenarios that you described are possible and maybe probable, as we work our way into the year. we do think that we will be able to take advantage of some underlying weakness in perhaps some of the competition in the months ahead and one of the strategies we have is to build our cash position and if it means that we can do it through acquisition we will be in a cash position to do that. If not, we are in a position to continue to invest in some of the sales and marketing initiatives that we’ve got underway.
Jerry W. Nix: I might point out, we remain a very disciplined buyer, particularly in this market and as you can imagine, we have seen evaluations of some of the targeted companies come down and we may see further decline in some of those valuations. But that’s what we’re looking at.
John Murphy – BAS-ML: Just one point of clarification. You were saying that you saw a slight improvement in Auto through the beginning of this year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: The operative word is slight. We did see it improve a bit through the first six weeks. Not enough to say that with confidence that we may have hit the bottom. But just a bit of improvement, and hopefully that is where we will stabilize and start to come back from.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: First of all, you said that Automotive, ex currency and Johnson Industries, I think you said was down 1% this quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: 1% for the quarter, up 2% for the year.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: So third quarter was also up, too, roughly?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I believe that’s right.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: And kind of related to that, what are you seeing in terms of store count, company-owned and also network-wide, and what is the financial status, so far as you could tell, of the jobbers in the network?
Thomas C. Gallagher: As far as the store count in total, we basically had a flat year. We were up 9 on a net new-store basis. We opened a number of stores but we also closed or consolidated a number. I would say that as far as the financial health of our customers, as a general rule, these are pretty well capitalized businesses, and you know, we do have arrangements with our lenders for programs to keep them financial healthy. We are working very closely with them to keep them in that shape. But as far as expectations for this year, I would say that our store count will perhaps increase modestly but now as much as we would have hoped in more normal times.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: My second question relates to currency, broadly speaking. You quantified it at roughly $63.0 million for the quarter. I might have missed what the impact was for the year, and as you discuss that can you just talk about the country mix so that we can forecast that appropriately?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Sure. The impact for the year was fairly modest. It was very slightly negative but the dollar strengthened, you know, as the year progressed so we wound up getting more of an impact over the latter part of the year. The way our business breaks down is that we’re roughly 90% U.S., 9% Canadian, 1% Mexico.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: So it’s primarily Canada. And is that Canadian exposure essentially even through your businesses or is it disproportionately allocated to one or two divisions?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It’s Automotive primarily, although we do have some in Industrial as well.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: So is Automotive a double-digit Canadian percentage?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. It would be, let’s see, I’m working it in my mind, but no, it would be about 12%. I think you’re about right.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: The receivables number did move a little opposite the direction of sales and Jerry, you made some allusion to this earlier on and you also spoke briefly about the allowance for doubtful accounts. Can you talk about the aging? Can you talk about where the receivables are, where they reside? And I guess more importantly than the dollars, what is the source of the slower payment from your customers? Does it differ by division or by customer type?
Jerry W. Nix: Our bad debt expense was up $10.0 million in the year. And our aging has not really changed much. We saw a slight change in January of about 1%. But obviously the piece of the business that we’re the most concerned about would be in our Industrial and Electrical businesses because the manufacturing sector is the most hard-hit and that’s where you more than likely are going to see bankruptcies. We are in pretty good shape as far the receivables within the Automotive side and the Office Product side. Of course, you know our exposure there to the independent network is about 75% or so and we have to stay close to that as well as the mega channels that represent that other 23%, 24%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Analyst for Anthony Cristello- BB&T Capital Markets.
Analyst for Anthony Cristello- BB&T Capital Markets: Looking at the Automotive segment, the 1% decline in the fourth quarter seems to be a fairly significant departure from what you saw in the third quarter on a continuing ops basis. From a macro perspective it would seem that the environment didn’t really materially deteriorate and gas prices certainly were at much lower levels. Could you provide a little more color on what you see as the underlying drivers behind the softness in Q4 Automotive sales?
Thomas C. Gallagher: First of all, in terms of the gasoline pricing, through November gasoline pricing was still a little bit higher than it had been same month prior year. We did see moderation from the peaks earlier in the year but it was still month-over-month higher. If you look at things like retail sales, consumer spending, you will see that they seem to decline at a faster rate as the quarter progresses than they had earlier in the year. That has an effect on our business as well. I think retail sales were actually down 7% in December and were down modestly for the whole year, but the biggest decrease came in the fourth quarter. Then the overall decline in GDP had an effect on our business as well. But the biggest part is consumer spending and the concern the consumer has on how they’re going to meet their budgets.
Jerry W. Nix: I might also point out the decline in gasoline prices did not correlate to an increase in miles driven. Miles driven continued to go down. The money that they would have been putting into the pump has gone to paying off credit card debt or whatever. Miles driven continued to be down and actually the decrease in miles driven accelerated some. So the fact that gasoline price was down didn’t correlate.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think Jerry makes a great point. If we look at what happened with miles driven, by our calculations they were down 1.8% in the first quarter, were down 2.6% in the second quarter, 3.4% in the third quarter, and they are going to be down over 4% in the fourth quarter.
Analyst for Anthony Cristello- BB&T Capital Markets: Do you happen to have the commercial versus the retail or cash sales number for the fourth quarter specifically, and then the slight improvement seen in Automotive sales to date in 2009, have you seen any material shift or change, either comparing the commercial segment to retail, or even just on a regional basis?
Thomas C. Gallagher: What we said was that for year our commercial business was up low single digit and our cash business was down just a bit. Those same patterns extended through the fourth quarter, with commercial being up just slightly and cash being down a bit more than the full year. And we don’t see any significant change in the patterns for the first six weeks of the year.
Analyst for Anthony Cristello- BB&T Capital Markets: In terms of guidance for 2009, is the assumption that economic and market conditions remain relatively consistent with current levels? And also, what are your expectations for full year 2009 revenues on a segment basis?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We don’t have the numbers for you today on a segment basis but as far as the economy, it’s our expectation it may get a little bit more difficult before it gets better but we are counting on conditions being about the same through year end.
Operator: Your next question comes from Analyst for Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley.
Analyst for Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: On future pricing, as we look in prices into you from your vendors have sort of been at record levels, especially through Q4. Are you seeing any moderation with respect to prices in, at least, as we head into Q1 and do you have any different outlook there, for the near term at least?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Right now we do see evidence that pricing will not be nearly as significant in 2009 as it was in 2008. Our expectation, and we don’t have firm guidance from our vendors at this point, but our expectation is that pricing will moderate, probably be positive for the year, but nowhere near what we saw in 2008.
Analyst for Anthony Cristello- BB&T Capital Markets: As a follow-up to the independent jobber points that have been raised before, is there anything there that you can mention with respect to inventory levels at the jobbers? Do you feel that they are at capital-constrained, or have they really, as you mentioned, been able to access capital freely through third-party vendors and so forth so that’s not really an issue with inventories.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I don’t think that’s an issue for the NAPA jobbers. As I mentioned, we have lending and credit arrangements through our banking relationships and they have money to lend and they are lending money. So that’s a strength for us right now perhaps, but the jobbers that are in an expansive mood are able to access capital and go ahead and do what they need to do.
Jerry W. Nix: It also serves no purpose for us to load these independent NAPA jobbers up with inventory. We need them to get a good return on their investment and we need them to be successful, therefore we will be. So we’re not looking to load them up with inventory. We think they have adequate inventories.
Analyst for Anthony Cristello- BB&T Capital Markets: And with respect to some of the work you have been doing on cost management, it’s traditionally been a very strong area for you, as we look ahead here, I have this year’s SG&A dollar growth up above 4% and that might be a little bit over if we were to deduct some of the one-time things, but as we look ahead for next year, after some of these moves you’ve made, is there any way to think about that in terms of either SG&A dollar growth rate or in terms of let’s say, 1% of sales is equal to 25 basis points or 30 basis points of EBIT margin impact, almost equal?
Thomas C. Gallagher: The initiatives that we have identified on the call this morning, we would say have an annual estimate of savings of $50.0 million to $60.0 million. We have got other things we’re looking at and will continue to enact what need by done on the cost side. I would say that the $50.0 million to $60.0 million will feed into the income statement on a sequential basis as we continue to work our way through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Brian Sundheimer – Govilia Company].
[Brian Sundheimer – Govilia Company]: I was curious if you could speak to on the Automotive side, any decline over the course of the quarter in a move towards lower priced parts from the independent repair shops?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That’s a trend that we’ve seen really all year long. If we look at the outbound sales pattern of our product categories, we have two levels of product and the lower-priced SKU movement is stronger than the higher-priced SKU movement. So that’s not anything that has changed materially from quarter to quarter; it’s been fairly consistent all year long.
[Brian Sundheimer – Govilia Company]: On the Office side, I was curious if you were seeing something along the same lines as there are fewer while collar jobs and companies are naturally ordering less product. Are they moving down in product mix as well? Moving toward obviously lesser priced and for you, lower margin product?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Lower margin in terms of dollars, not necessarily in terms of percentage. But yes, that pattern is similar in the Office Products industry.
[Brian Sundheimer – Govilia Company]: Any increase in cadence in that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, again, fairly consistent throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alan Zeigler - First Manhattan.
Alan Zeigler - First Manhattan: If we went to the Office Product area, and you mentioned earlier that 75% of your sales are to independents to balance to the big-box guys, just strategically, if we take the 10,000-mile look, is there any reason why that mix shouldn’t change over the next couple of years. I mean, just in terms of how the world is evolving, and do you have any strategies in place to make that mix change, given where we’re at?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think as we look at the mix we’re comfortable with it and I would say that somewhere between 75% and 80% of the business with the independent reseller and 20% to 25% with the big-box is probably where it will shake out over time.
Alan Zeigler - First Manhattan: And why wouldn’t you do more to the big-box given that it would seem that the independent guys would be shrinking. I’m assuming; maybe it’s not a correct statement but it would seem like they would be shrinking and the bigger guys, at least Staples for example, might be growing.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think the fact of the matter is the independents are not contracting currently. I think that they are holding up reasonably well in the current environment. I mentioned that our business with them was actually up 2% in the quarter and 1% for the year. And for the last couple of years our growth on the independent side has been a little stronger than our growth on the mega side. We don’t have any strategy that says there’s a limitation to how much business we want to do with the larger companies and we continue to work with them. We currently do business with all of them and will continue to look for ways to grow that business with them But their primary focus is really on their own internal distribution and the wholesaler is a fill in supplier to them on their needs, on a more urgent basis.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: On the Office Products business, you talked about the local guys actually still being flat to up 3 this quarter. Understanding that their businesses are somewhat different than the megas, they still are dealing with the same economy and the office products business, broadly speaking, has typically moved with GDP. So how much longer do you that this customer group can defy the bigger-picture macro trends, and might there be something different about the way they’re using you, perhaps taking in more inventory from you rather than buying direct or maybe just buying in more as opposed to sell through? Because there’s something about that disconnect that doesn’t quite compute.
Thomas C. Gallagher: The independent for the most part is not inventory intensive. Most of the independents will buy a small portion of their overall needs on a direct basis and mostly the highly priced sensitive items and the remainder they will rely on a wholesaler. Some of our fastest growing independent customers are actually stockless. They don’t have inventory. They rely on their expertise, which is sales and marketing, and rely on us to do the fulfillment for them.  So I think that they, too, are affected by the slowdown in the economy, there’s no question about that. They’re not as impacted as the negatives in certain customer categories because they’re not the ones that deal with the large firms that have had the most massive contraction in office workers. They’re not immune to it by any stretch but they’re not as exposed to it either. So I would say that our expectation for our independent business going forward is that we will get modest growth in 2009 but growth all the same, because of some of the initiatives they’ve got underway.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Is it possible that their customers think smaller and less sophisticated or less disciplined about their purchases and I’m wondering if in prior periods they slowed later, perhaps later than the megas, or did you not see that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think we might have seen the reverse. And I’m not speaking with a great sense of recollection, honestly, but I think that in some prior cycles we actually saw the independents contract more than we saw the megas. And I think this one is just a little bit different.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Jerry, can you just once again state what the pricing number was for the Automotive business?
Jerry W. Nix: For Automotive, 6.0%.
Operator: Your final question comes from Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: In the NAPA sales trends for the fourth quarter, if we adjust for Johnsons and the FX rate, you’re down about 1% on an ongoing basis. And I have that you had incrementally a slightly higher level of acquisitions in the quarter than the past. And it looks like things were still, albeit lower levels of inflation, still helpful maybe in nominal terms. So it kind of looks like it’s about a 300 basis point down tick in the sales of that business. And I know we haven’t heard from others in the industry yet, but we’re slated to this week. But the commentary out of others seemed a little more favorable in terms of their trends, at least in the last public discussion out of them, which was October and maybe even a little bit into November. So I was wondering if you could speak to that? Are you seeing anything competitively with your stores or are we just simply going to be surprised and when these others report in the next couple of days, I guess you would expect them to see the same type of sales trend deceleration.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I can’t tell you what to expect when others report. You mentioned you think we were off 300 basis points in the quarter. I’m not sure how you got there.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: Last quarter your ongoing Automotive operations sales, you reported up 3%.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Are you talking sequential?
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: Yes.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Okay, I misunderstood what you were saying. We saw a slowdown in the quarter. And we have acknowledged that. And we saw it across all of the businesses, not just Automotive, and we think that the fourth quarter was a very, very challenging quarter for most businesses.  I think what we are seeing from others that are reporting currently is that the weakest quarter of the year for them was also the fourth quarter because of the overall slowdown.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: I understand that and I guess it’s tough because we haven’t seen some of your direct competitors in that business, but it seems like the commentary out of them was, or has been, a little more favorable than the slowdown you’ve seen.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Maybe what we ought to do is wait until we get the reported numbers and then we can have another conversation about it. It’s hard to speculate on what others might or might now be doing. I don’t know.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: Do I have the acquisition number right here? What is the sales volume that you acquisition within Automotive during the quarter. I have it as roughly $16.0 million.
Jerry W. Nix: We don’t give that information out. We don’t give it out by business segment.
Thomas C. Gallagher: What we can tell you is that we gave up $22.0 million on the Johnson sale.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: When you say that Industrial or motions is currently in the first six weeks running, I think you said double-digit down, is that on a reported basis? Because I know you have some acquisitions within that segment. Is that reported or is that organic?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That’s reported.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: And when you say double digits, I think about that as being down 10%.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I would say you should be looking more in the mid teens to high teen range.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: And that’s reported so organically if we try and strip out our estimates for acquisitions, it will be a little more than that?
Thomas C. Gallagher: It would be. That’s right.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: Jerry, you mentioned some of the line items within your net corporate account, in the P&L. You reported $18.0 million in that line item today. The $0.07 per share post-retirement charge, I’m assuming that’s all in net other.
Jerry W. Nix: That’s correct.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: Now I have that pre-tax that would be roughly $18.0 million then and so if I . . .
Jerry W. Nix: That’s not just pre-tax. It’s after tax, that’s not tax deductible.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: So it’s $11.0 million then?
Jerry W. Nix: [inaudible] 
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: So if I exclude that then the corporate other account still looks a little lower. If it’s $18.0 million less $11.0 million, you’re looking at something like about $7.0 million . . .
Jerry W. Nix: We had an additional $4.0 million in bad debt expense, we have insurance reserves, and we also had less interest income of about $3.0 million, as we mentioned.
Stephen Chick- Friedman Billings Ramsey: In your cash flow statement, there’s two things, I wondered if you knew off the top of your head. One is in your financing activity, you have a $52.0 million benefit to your cash flows, looks like for the year, and I’m assuming that’s all in the fourth quarter.
Jerry W. Nix: I don’t know what that is, but you’re right, that is correct. Sid will have to get that for you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Jerry W. Nix: We do appreciate all of you on the call continuing to show interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future with better results and under more pleasant circumstances.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey - Senior Vice President - Finance, Corporate Secretary Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President - Finance
Analysts: Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Saul Rubin - Silverstone Capital Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley
Operator: My name is Sylvia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President - Finance and Corporate Secretary.
Carol Yancey: Thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts third quarter conference call to discuss our earnings results and the 2008 outlook.  Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management, statements of future economic performance, and assumptions underlying the statements regarding the company and its business. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, and I will split the duties on this call, and once we have concluded our remarks we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning we released our third quarter results and hopefully you’ve had an opportunity to see them, but for those who may not have yet seen the numbers a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2,882,000 which was up 3%, net income was $131 million which was up 2%, and earnings per share were $0.81 this year compared to $0.76 in the third quarter of 2007 and the EPS increase was 7%. The 3% sales increase follows a 4% increase in the second quarter and a 3% increase in the first quarter, so revenue growth has been steady and consistent over the first nine months of the year. Although the net increase in net income at +2% was not up as the revenue increase, our operating profit was up 3% in line with the sales increase with the difference between operating profit and net income being primarily attributable to the lower interest income in the quarter. Additionally we did expense $2.3 million in the quarter in costs associated with the continued restructuring of our remanufacturing operations. Without these costs operating profit was up 4% in the quarter and net income was up 3%, indicating a reasonably good operating job on the 3% sales increase. Looking at the results by segment, our strongest revenue increases continue to be generated by the industrial and electrical operations. Industrial sales were up 7% for the quarter which follows a 7% increase in the second quarter and a 6% improvement in the first quarter. A nice steady picture all year long for our industrial operations and we feel good about the progress being made in this segment. Our strongest areas geographically remain the Western, Southwest and Canadian operations but we are pleased to see positive growth in all parts of the country. Looking at it by customer category, our best increases continue to come from customers in the iron and steel, pulp and paper, and food products industries and these increases are helping to offset softer results in automotive, lumber and wood products, and other housing related segments. So a solid performance overall at +7% for the quarter and we feel that our long-standing strategy of diversifying our business across a broad base of manufacturing segments and product categories continues to serve us well, especially in times like these. We were pleased to complete the acquisition of Drago Supply as of September 1. This is a $75 million business operating in Texas and Louisiana, and it’s a fine company that will be a nice addition to our industrial group. Ongoing acquisitions will be an important part of our overall growth strategy. Wrapping up on this segment, we feel that our industrial operations have performed well through the first three quarters and we anticipate similar results from them over the remainder of the year. The electrical operations had another terrific quarter. They were up 13% in revenue following their 11% increase in the second quarter and 7% increase in the first quarter, so they have seen a strengthening in their results as the year has progressed and they’re now up 10% year-to-date. Importantly, there increase is broad-based across both customer and product categories so they are showing a nice balance and diversification in their growth. Our electrical management team has really done a nice job of positioning their company for a solid revenue performance and we feel optimistic about their near-term prospects. They should end the year in good shape. Moving on to office products, this team continues to encounter a challenging environment but we were pleased to see them end the quarter even with the prior year. You may recall that the office products group was down 2% in the first quarter and then followed that with a flat second quarter and now even again in the third quarter. Not where we want to be but from our perspective we feel that we’re holding steady in a very sluggish market place. Looking at our results in a bit more detail, we were pleased to see modest growth with our independently-owned office product resellers in the quarter. This group was up 2% which follows a 1% increase in the second quarter and a 1% decrease in Q1, and we’re a bit encouraged by the gradually improving trend with this segment of our business. Our sales to the mega-channel continue to be challenging however. We were down 10% with this customer group in the third quarter and we are now running 7% behind year-to-date. Looking at the results from a product standpoint we continue to be pleased with our growth in the cleaning and break room category as well as the positive results being generated in the core office supplies category. These are being offset by mid-single-digit decreases in the tech products and furniture categories however.  We did complete one acquisition in the quarter. PPI, a $20 million Los Angeles based regional wholesaler became part of the S.P. Richards family on September 1. Additionally we acquired a Michigan based regional wholesaler earlier this month with annual revenues of $50 million. Both of these companies will be nice additions to our office products group and they will help our results in the quarters ahead. As we look forward we anticipate continued soft demand in the office products industry for several more quarters. Our expectations however are that S.P. Richards is still in a position to end the year about even with last year. Finally, automotive. Sales for this group were up 1% in the quarter. Our results in automotive continue to be affected by the sale of the last of the Johnson Industries locations in the first quarter of this year. Our ongoing automotive operations were actually up 3% in the third quarter and they’re up 4% year-to-date, so a fairly consistent picture. Looking at our automotive results in a bit more detail, NAPA Auto Care our largest commercial segment was up 3% in the quarter and after being down 2% in each of the first two quarters we were pleased to see this nice improvement this past quarter from this key customer group. Our major account business, another important part of our commercial efforts, was also up 3% in the quarter and we feel that in both of these segments, NAPA Auto Care and major accounts, our business is growing at a faster rate than the overall after market commercial business. And as a result we feel that we’re making decent progress in the commercial side of our business. In the area of new distribution, our efforts stalled over the past three months. While we opened 57 new stores in the quarter we also closed or consolidated 64 for a net reduction of seven. We now have a net increase of 41 net new stores year-to-date and we’ll get back on track in the fourth quarter by adding an additional 10 to 15 net new stores by year end. As most of you know, the automotive after market is encountering some significant headwinds right now and we continue to see a decline in miles driven as well as a deferral of both vehicle maintenance and discretionary spending across the aftermarket, all of which is creating a drag on revenue growth within the industry. While our 3% increase in the quarter form our ongoing automotive operations is not up to our historical expectations, we do feel that our initiatives are yielding positive results and that we’re holding up reasonably well considering the current environment. We look for a similar performance from automotive in the fourth quarter. That’s a quick recap of our sales results for the quarter and year-to-date, and I’ll now turn it over to Jerry to cover the financials.
Jerry W. Nix: We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We’ll first review the income statement and segment information related to our third quarter and year-to-date results and then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. In light of the concerns in the economy and credit markets right now, we want to be especially clear today in communicating the strength of our balance sheet, continued strong cash flows and dividend record which serve to support our ongoing growth initiatives and goals for maximizing shareholder value. We believe more than ever that the excellent financial condition of our company continues to distinguish Genuine Parts Company as a quality investment. After this review, we’ll open the call up to your questions. A review of the income statement shows the following: Total sales for the third quarter were up 3% at $2.9 billion and our year-to-date sales $8.5 billion also up 3% from last year. Third quarter revenue was in line with the first half of 2008 and represents another record level of sales for our company. Gross profit remains consistent with last year at 29.64% to sales for the quarter and 29.67% for the nine months. We look to show progress on this line going forward and will continue to focus on the best product and customer mix as well as expanding global sourcing opportunities to drive this progress. For the year through September, accumulative pricing which represents the prior increases to us is up and I will tell you these are the largest increases we’ve seen in quite some time: 4.7% in automotive, 6.7% in industrial, 2.7% in office products and 7.2% in electrical. Now let’s look at SG&A. For the third quarter SG&A as a percent to sales is 22.14% up less than 10 basis points from last year. For the nine months in 2008 SG&A stands at 22.39% of sales up 17 basis points. We recognize the need for improvement in this area but find it challenging to improve our expense leverage at our current level of revenue. We’re close but another percent or so of top line growth would make a meaningful difference for us. In the meantime we’re working hard on cost control measures that can also make a difference, and our goal remains to achieve a fifth consecutive year of improved SG&A costs as a percent to sales. For the quarter our tax rate was approximately 37.9% which compares to 38.0% for the third quarter in ’07. Our year-to-date tax rate was 37.3% compared to 38.0% last year with the decrease coming from the lower first quarter rate which was associated with the payable impact of the sale of Johnson Industries. We expect that tax rate for the full year to be between 37.5% and 38.0% which is comparable to 2007. Net income for the quarter was $131.0 million up 2% and earnings per share of $0.81 compared to $0.76 last year, up 7%. For the year net income was $387.6 million up 2% and EPS $2.36 compared to $2.23 in ’07 up 6%. As you can see our third quarter results were consistent with our performance in the first half of the year. Now let’s discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue of $1,393.1 million representing 48% of our total and that was up 1%. They had an operating profit of $111.7 million down 3% so we had margin degradation there from 8.3% to 8.0%. The industrial group had revenue of $907.0 million, 32% of the total, up 7%. They had an operating profit of $77.2 million and that’s up 11% so a nice margin expansion there going from 8.2% to 8.5%. Office products’ revenue was $459.0 million representing 16% of the total. They were flat in revenue with operating profit of $33.4 million, up 1%. Some margin expansion going from 7.2% to 7.3%. The electrical group had revenue of $126.8 million. That’s 4% of our total and as Tom said earlier a terrific quarter, up 13% in revenue. They had an operating profit of $10.3 million, up 34%. An excellent margin expansion going from 6.9% to 8.1% of revenue. We’re not going to go through the review of the nine-month segment information. They’re included in the press release and we can address any questions or take any concerns you have during the Q&A. In summary, our 3% sales increase in operating profit grew at the same rate as sales resulting in an operating margin of 8.1% for the total company, which is consistent with the third quarter of 2007. Through September our 8.1% operating margin is down 10 basis points from last year and this reflects continued progress in industrial and electrical, which is offset by the combination of one-time costs in automotive which represented a 10 basis point impact to margin and the deleveraging of expenses in automotive and office products due to their sales volume. We continue to aim for more improvement in our margin in the fourth quarter, and as you can see our greatest opportunities are in automotive and office products. Net interest expense of $7.4 million for the quarter and for the nine months net interest is $21.9 million. Although net interest is up this year, we should point out that our interest expense is consistent with the prior year. Interest income however is down due to lower rates and less invested cash because of our acquisitions and share repurchase activity. We currently expect net interest to be approximately $30 million for the full year. The other category which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority interest was $14.4 million in the third quarter and is $44.5 million through nine months. These costs are slightly higher than in their respective periods in ’07 due mainly to the amortization of intangibles associated with the acquisitions. With one quarter to go in ’08 we believe this line will be in the $55 million to $60 million range for the full year. Now let’s touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at September 30 was $124 million down from $333 million at September 30 last year. Through nine months in 2008 we spent nearly $230 million for share repurchases compared to $152 million in ’07. We spent approximately $111 million for acquisitions. These investments account for the decrease in cash from last year. However our cash position remains strong due to increased income and improvements in working capital. In fact we’d add here that our cash position remains more than sufficient for funding our operating requirements as well as our growth initiatives. And maybe most important right now, we’re not dependent upon any short-term borrowing arrangements that are not already available to us. Accounts receivable increased 1% from last year on a 3% sales increase for the quarter. Before the impact of acquisitions, accounts receivable was down slightly. We remain very pleased with our level of receivables and feel good about the quality of our receivables, something we are closely monitoring at the current time. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than sales growth which we’ve been able to do for at least seven consecutive quarters. Inventory was up approximately 4% from September last year but down approximately 1% from December 31 of ’07. Excluding the acquisitions, inventory was up approximately 2% from September last year which is in line with our goal of growing inventory at a lower rate than sales growth. We’re pleased with our progress in managing this asset and will continue to focus on our inventory management initiatives to show ongoing improvement on this line in the periods ahead. Accounts payable decreased 2% from last year but we believe that our ongoing negotiations for extended terms as well as other payables initiatives established with our vendors will help us turn this around and show further progress in payables in the fourth quarter. Working capital. $2.4 billion at September is down approximately 12% from September 30 last year and we’re pleased with our continued progress in managing working capital. Most of the 12% decrease reflects the reclassification of $250 million in debt to current liabilities in December of ’07, although excluding the reclass working capital is still down over 2% from 9/30/07. We’ve improved our working capital as a percentage of sales of at least 1% in each of the last four years and expect to continue this positive trend again this year. As we mentioned earlier, this improvement has had a positive impact on the strength of our balance sheet. We also commented earlier on our consistent and strong cash flows, and we’re pleased that our strong cash position provides the company many opportunities. This could not be emphasized enough in today’s environment. For 2008 we expect to generate cash flows in line or a slight improvement to 2007 which was already an especially strong year for us. We currently project cash from operations to be approximately $700 million and after deducting capital expenditures and dividends, free cash flow should improve to approximately $300 million. Looking ahead our priorities for cash remain consistent with our previous comments. First, the dividend which we’ve increased for 52 consecutive years. We are proud of this record of consistent growth and dependability in above-average dividend yield which is currently at greater than 4%. We understand that increasing the dividend is important to our shareholders and at our February Board meeting we intend to recommend another increase for 2009. Other priorities include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchases and where appropriate strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segments. Opportunistic share repurchases have also been a priority for us for a long time. As part of our repurchase program, we purchased approximately 5.6 million shares of our company’s stock through nine months ending in September and we have purchased another 1.1 million shares in October for a total of 6.7 million shares thus far in 2008. Today we have an additional 3.7 million shares authorized for repurchase and when needed we would expect our Board to approve another additional shares for repurchase as they’ve done in the past. We have no set pattern for these repurchases but remain active in the program as we continue to believe that an investment in GPC stock along with the dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. As we mentioned, strategic acquisitions continue to be an important use of our cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. After closing two acquisitions in the first quarter and another three in the second quarter, we closed four additional acquisitions this quarter with two of those being effective in the fourth quarter. We’re pleased with the acquisition opportunities that have presented themselves this year although we remain disciplined in our approach to acquisitions. We believe we’ve added quality companies to our operations which we expect to be accretive to our returns. Through the nine months in ’08 acquisitions have accounted for approximately 1% of total sales growth so you can see that these businesses are important to us and we look forward to more success with this element of our growth strategy. Looking forward we continue to plan for a similar pattern for strategic acquisitions in our various segments. Capital expenditures were $15.8 million in the third quarter compared to $31.0 million in the third quarter last year. Through September cap ex was $60.1 million compared to $83.8 million in ’07. For the full year our cap ex investment will be in the range of $100 million to $110 million. We’re pleased with the level of reinvestment in our businesses. Depreciation and amortization was $21.8 million in the quarter and $66.5 million for the nine months. This is slightly higher than our expense on this line last year and we would expect to continue this trend with depreciation and amortization in the range of $90 million to $95 million for the full year. We feel good about our priorities for cash as we move forward. We continue to believe the use of cash in these areas serves to maximize the total return to shareholders. Finally our total debt remains unchanged at $500 million with the first $250 million credit facility maturing in November this year. We have in place a new signed agreement that will extend this debt another five years at a 4.67% interest rate. The second $250 million is due in November of 2011 and any prepayment of this debt is cost prohibitive due to the make whole provisions included in the debt agreements. Total debt to total capitalization at September 30, 2008 was 15.8% and we remain comfortable with that capital structure at this time. Despite the distraction of elevated economic concerns over the past few weeks, the third quarter for us felt much like the first half of the year and we expect the fourth quarter to continue that trend. We’re fortunate to be in four industries where we sell expendable replacement type items and not items that require our customers to seek financing. Our proven plan of action is the continued focus on the proper execution of our short- and long-term growth plans, and that’s how our management teams are spending their time and energy. In our over 80 years of operating we’ve experienced the up and down cycles of the economy more than once. We are confident that the fundamentals of our businesses will prevail again and provide for continued growth as long as we remain focused on those areas that we can control. As always, we want to thank and express our appreciation to the entire GPC team for their efforts under difficult circumstances. Looking to the final quarter of 2008, our challenge remains to show continued improvement on growing sales, controlling costs and improving our operating margins. As we’ve said, we certainly expect to show progress in each of these areas but as you know the degree of improvement is more difficult to forecast in these times of uncertain economic conditions. Still, we know that underneath the existing turmoil are the same growth opportunities we’ve been working towards for quite some time, and our strategies to achieve these goals have not changed. We don’t believe this is the time for quick changes in direction nor do we feel t hat they’re needed. We will support our growth efforts with a strong and healthy balance sheet and continued strong cash flows further maximizing our return to shareholders. We absolutely remain positive about our businesses, their strategic plans and their prospects for long-term growth. Tom, I’ll turn it back to you.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think that your closing comments summed it up quite well. These are uncertain times and the current economic issues make it difficult to have a clear view of the quarters ahead. However, one thing that we do have a level of confidence in is that each of our businesses has sound strategies and that the proper execution of these strategies should enable them to not just grow in line with the respective market place growth over the next several quarters, but perhaps to gain a little bit of market share as well. At the same time we maintain a level of confidence in our ability to keep our balance sheet and cash flows strong. Now we don’t underestimate the challenges that we will encounter in the quarter ahead by any means. GPC like all companies will be affected by these external factors but we do feel positive about our relative positioning and about our long-term prospects in each of our four business segments. As far as 2008 is concerned, on the revenue side our prior guidance assumed full-year increases of 2% to 5% in automotive and on a year-to-date basis we’re up 2%. For industrial we said 5% to 8% and year-to-date we’re up 6.5%. In electrical we also said 5% to 8% and we’re up 10% to date. For office products we said 1% to 4% and we’re down a bit at roughly 1%. So we’re in line in the automotive and industrial, above in electrical and off just a bit in office products, but in total about where we said we would be. We anticipate that the revenue for the final quarter will be in line with our year-to-date performance and that would put us up around 3% for the year. On the earnings side our expectations remain about the same as we expressed in our last call and we see no reason to change our prior EPS guidance of $3.12 to $3.18 for the year at this time, but with all the current uncertainty in the market place our bias would be toward the lower end of the range. So that’s how we see it currently, and now we’d like to open up the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: You talked a little bit about price and the price increases you’ve seen year-to-date. If I look back at the second quarter, I think you talked about automotive pricing up 17% and I think you noted industrial up 34%, and now we get to the third quarter and you talked about auto up 47% year-to-date and industrial up 67%. Does that imply that you’ve seen sort of a 9% price increase during the quarter that gave you that bump of three points over the last three quarters?
Jerry W. Nix: No, I don’t view it that way. These are cumulative price increases to us from the beginning of the year. What we actually saw in the third quarter, for instance in automotive, we saw 3%.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: If I then look at the 3% in auto, can I assume then that the industrial also was up about 3%?
Jerry W. Nix: That’d be correct.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: How confident are you that you’re going to continue to be able to see price increases go into effect with what has happened on the commodity side of late?
Jerry W. Nix: We don’t control price increases. Again, keep in mind these are price increases coming to us from our suppliers and who knows what the impact of China and other raw material costs, oil and petroleum based products, is going to do. Our challenge is to pass these price increases through which in automotive situation I think that’s a lot easier than industrial. In industrial we have some national contracts where we’re not able to pass them all through, certainly not at the time that we receive them. Our suppliers sometimes are willing to work with us and hold those but we don’t have any control over those price increases and when they’re going to come.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: So there will be some fluctuation here in the fourth quarter and probably certainly into the first half of next year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Based upon what we’ve seen, what’s been announced for the first of the year, we see a little bit more in the pipeline currently but beyond that we really don’t have any visibility.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Moving to automotive a little bit Tom, you discussed the success you’re seeing in the NAPA Auto Care side and with some major account segments. Could you provide a little bit more detail on why you think that is outperforming some of your core commercial? And then also maybe I missed it. Did you give the breakout between cash and commercial growth in the quarter as well?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Taking the last part of your question first, no but on a year-to-date basis our commercial business is up about 6% and our cash business is flat. As far as the reason for relatively good quarters with Auto Care and major accounts, these are just key initiatives and critical components of our overall growth strategy and I think our teams have done a good job in just executing on these strategies.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Johnson had some impact this quarter. When is the last quarter we should see that sort of disconnect between what the total NAPA revenue will look like in automotive versus what the impact of Johnson? Is this the last quarter coming up or will we still have some of that feed into 2009?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We have a little bit that goes into the first quarter of 2009 but the significant impact will really moderate after the fourth quarter.
Anthony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Tom, you’ve been with the company for a long time and sort of the macro has certainly created some significant headwinds for all businesses, not just Genuine Parts. The diversification of your business does provide some offset. I was just wondering, if you look back at the last couple of recessionary environments that we’ve had, how would you say your business is different today and what have you done to prepare in case of a further economic slowdown that maybe you feel more confident in what your ability was in the last couple recessions?
Thomas C. Gallagher: First I’d say that if you look back over an extended period, Genuine Parts Company has performed comparatively well through all of the economic cycles. One of the things that positions us perhaps a little bit better as we’re going into the cycle we’re in right now are some of the decisions that have been made over the past several years that I think strengthen our platform. Number one, you may remember that we had a very cyclical component within EIS and that affected our EIS results in the ’01 to ’03 timeframe. But that component of EIS is no longer with us. Our management team did a good job of selling that piece and they’re less dependent upon that than what they were. We just talked about Johnson Industries. Johnson Industries is no longer a part of GPC and I think that positions us a little bit better. Within our industrial group we’ve got a broader footprint on the product side which gives us an opportunity to sell more products to existing customers than what we might have been able to do in the past, and that business is a bit more diversified than what it was in the last cycle.  Somewhat the same can be said for our automotive business. With the recent inclusion of Altrom, our import parts company, and our heavy duty initiative I think we’re positioned across a broader product platform than what we have been in prior times. So I think our company, while not immune to this cycle, we’re in a better position to weather the cycle than we might have been at times in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: Jerry, I missed the maturity date you extended the $250 million out to.
Jerry W. Nix: We have a shelf offering there and the date of that is December 1 of this year.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: And you said you have a new agreement that extends till what year?
Jerry W. Nix: Another four or five years.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: How much spending for acquisitions was included in the third quarter?
Jerry W. Nix: About $98 million.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: Of revenue, but in the third quarter alone, how much cash did you put out for acquisitions?
Jerry W. Nix: I think it was right at $25 million to $30 million.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it’s $111 million for the year. And then we did have the S.P. Richards acquisition as well.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: You talked about operating cash in 2009 at $700 million. What are the primary drivers of that? It seems like it’s very strong.
Jerry W. Nix: It really is coming from the working capital improvements. Our receivables are growing less than our revenues. We’ve got several of the business units doing a good job in our inventory and taking excess inventory out. Also the payables extended turns that we put in place last year, we need to push those out a little further this year as well. Again, coming from just the general operating results. And Mike if you’ll notice, our cap ex numbers are also down. Some of the business units have held that spending down. We were at $60 million versus $83 million at this point last year.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: So as you go into ’09 some of those things will continue so we could actually see from a working capital standpoint that could be a positive contribution?
Jerry W. Nix: We would hope so.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: On the stores, do you have the separation of the store count between company-owned and independent?
Thomas C. Gallagher: In terms of the 41 year-to-date?
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: Yes.
Thomas C. Gallagher: It’s about 50/50. About half company-owned and half independent.
Michael Ward - Soleil-Ward Transportation: The third quarter reduction, was that largely independent?
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, it was a combination. There were a lot of consolidations that were done to strengthen existing operations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Given where consumer credit is, it looks like the average age of cars on the road is about to go up maybe dramatically over the next couple years. That’s historically been a positive for your business. How long does that take to come into the revenues in the automotive segment?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We should see some impact from that in 2009. You’re right about the aging of the vehicles, and they’re going to continue to age next year. You probably know that the average age of a vehicle on the road today is 9.8 years and I wouldn’t be surprised to see it get to 10 or thereabouts in the not-too-distant future. That is a positive for us as we look ahead with the age of the vehicles.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: You had broken out your commercial and your cash business in that segment in terms of the growth. What’s the rough mix right now in the segment?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Across the NAPA system it’s about 75% commercial and 25% cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saul Rubin - Silverstone Capital.
Saul Rubin - Silverstone Capital: You’ve continued quite consistently to buy back shares and obviously you’ve indicated you’re going to continue that, but I just wonder what consideration you’ve given to potentially strengthening the balance sheet even further and possibly using the coming year or two to remain very opportunistic? If you strengthen the balance sheet further, you could make potentially quite a very material acquisition. So I just wondered how you think about that as a possibility?
Jerry W. Nix: We just view that as a balancing act. If you just look at the numbers, our dividend yield today is 4.5% and when we buy these shares and we’re discontinuing that dividend into perpetuity. We’re earning today pre-tax about 2% on our cash so the numbers just make sense right now to do it. But I will tell you that if we saw an acquisition that made sense, we wouldn’t back away from it. I don’t know that we’re going to make a material acquisition. Of course the economy’s going to change; it has changed; just look at what’s happened in the last couple of months; and we just try to stay flexible as we move forward. If we saw something like that, we’d pull back on the share repurchase. But right now we think that’s the best acquisition we can make is Genuine Parts Company.
Saul Rubin - Silverstone Capital: You’re adding net stores this year. Do you expect to continue to add stores on a net basis next year?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes we would Saul. About in line with what we’ll do this year; 50 to 60.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann McCormick - Friedman Billings Ramsey.
Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey: It’s actually Stephen Chick. Just to clarify Jerry, the cap ex guidance for the year I think is $100 million to $110 million I believe if I caught that right. Given your year-to-date spend I think it reflects something in the area of $40 million for the fourth quarter. Did I take that down correctly?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, that’s correct. We may be closer to $100 million than $110 million. Some of that is because we have some IT projects that are in process right now that those will get set up in the cap ex numbers in the fourth quarter as they get rolled out and we start to utilize them.
Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey: As we kind of look into ’09, and I don’t recall if you actually addressed this, but is that a normalized level of spend that we should expect?
Jerry W. Nix: Yes. You can expect us to be at normal maintenance cap ex particularly in the IT productivity enhancement projects and our delivery equipment; you can expect us to be $100 million to $120 million each year.
Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey: You gave us the company store group; auto, retail, commercial sales and the cash; what the percentages were year-to-date. Do you have those percentages for the quarter?
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don’t have them with me for the quarter. We can get that and get back to you.
Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey: That would be great.
Thomas C. Gallagher: What I would say though is our results have been pretty consistent all year long and my guess is that they’re going to be about in line with the year-to-date performance.
Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey: So the 3% ongoing automotive sales that you reported for Q3, it sounds like that’s the type of number we should think about for the fourth quarter as well?
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes, that’s right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: I apologize; I jumped on a little late, so if you mentioned this, please just cut me off. I’d love some color on how the quarter progressed because clearly September was a different kind of month from July and August? Do you have any color you can provide there?
Thomas C. Gallagher: We do. September was the weakest month of the quarter and we saw a similar pattern in the second quarter with June being the weakest month of the quarter. Things came back in July and August, and then we had a weaker month in September. I would say through the most recent report for October we’re seeing the development of a similar pattern with October looking like it’s going to be a little bit better than what September was.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: What do you think accounts for that? Was it people staring at their TV screens the last weeks of September?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That may be part of it, and you know we’ve all been bombarded with how bad things are and I think after a while people acquiesce and say they must be pretty bad. But we don’t have a factual reason for it other than the trends that we see right now.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: But the fact that you think the fourth quarter could look more like the whole third quarter, and you just confirmed basically that October was looking a little better?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That’s right.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: If you were to look at September, was it the hurricane and weather impacted areas where it was weak or was it more general?
Thomas C. Gallagher: That had an impact on all of our businesses for sure, and they’re still not back at full tilt in certain parts of the affected areas. That probably explains a little bit of the September weakness and some of the bounce-back in October.
Gregory Melich - Morgan Stanley: You would say September had something in addition to just weather? I know weather’s always a funny thing to talk about.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don’t know again that I can give you a factual reason why September softened. We’re just pleased that we see October starting to revert back to more normal levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey.
Stephen Chick - Friedman Billings Ramsey: Within automotive obviously you have a large competitor that’s going through a relatively large acquisition. I’m just wondering two things: If you’re changing anything to compete with that and secondly, if you happen to be seeing any change in trend in the markets where you compete against that company?
Thomas C. Gallagher: What we are doing is just reminding all of the store operators what it takes to be successful in a very competitive market place, and that’s an ongoing initiative that we have. As far as seeing any trend changes, we don’t detect any at this point.
Jerry W. Nix: I would also say there’s always somebody making an acquisition in some of our businesses and we just have to continue to execute the plans that we have.
Operator: I’m showing no further questions at this time. You may proceed with any closing remarks.
Thomas C. Gallagher: We want to express our appreciation to you again for joining us on the call today and remind you of what we said earlier. We’re still great believers in the four businesses we have at Genuine Parts Company. We have confidence in them. We’re in the right industries and we’ve got the right marketing initiatives in place to continue to show progress. It may not be as good as it would have been if the economy was better than it is, but nevertheless we believe Genuine Parts Company’s going to be fine. We appreciate your continued interest in and support of GPC. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Genuine Parts Company third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Matt and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts company conference call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce, Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President, Finance, Corporation Secretary. Thank you. Ms Yancey you may begin your conference.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts second quarter Earnings Call to discuss our results and the 2008 outlook. Before we begin this morning, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management, statements on future economic performance, and assumptions underlying the statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you Carol. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate your taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call. And once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our second quarter results, and hopefully you have had an opportunity to see them, but for those who may not have as yet seen the numbers, a quick recap shows that sales for the quarter were $2 billion 873 million, which was up 4%. Net income was $133.1 million, which was up 2% and earnings per share were $0.81 this year compared to $0.76 in the second quarter of 2007, and the EPS increase was 7%. 4% sales increase was a slight improvement from the 3% increase in the first quarter of this year, which we're pleased to see. And while the increase in net income at plus 2% was not as much as a revenue increase, it also is an improvement over the first quarter results. Operating profit was up 4%, which is in line with the sales increase with the difference in operating profit and net income being attributable to lower interest income and a slightly higher tax rate in the quarter, and Jerry will comment on these in a moment. And then, on earnings per share, we were pleased to show a 7% increase for the quarter. Looking at the results by segment, our strongest revenue increases continue to be generated by the industrial and electrical operations. Industrial sales were up 7% for the quarter, which follows a 6% increase in the first quarter, so we saw some improvement in the industrial growth rates in the quarter, and we continue to feel good about the progress being made in this segment. Our strongest areas geographically remained the Western, Southwest and Canadian operations, but we are pleased to see positive growth in all parts of the country. In looking at it by customer segment, our best increases continues to come from customers in the iron and steel, pulp and paper and food industries and these helped to offset softer results in automotive lumber and wood products and other housing related segments. When we put it all together, we are pleased with the industrial group's performance for the quarter and year-to-date. And based upon the continued strength in the most recent industrial production and capacity utilization figures as well as their internal growth initiatives, we feel that the industrial operations are well positioned to continue to generate solid results over the remainder of the year. The electrical operations had a terrific quarter. They were up 11% in revenue following a 7% increase in the first quarter, so as with industrial we saw some strengthening in the results over the past three months. And with the ISM Purchasing Managers index moving back above 50 in June, we're optimistic that the good results from the electrical segment will continue on through the second half for the year. Moving on to office products, this team continues to encounter a challenging environment, but we were pleased to see them in the quarter even with the prior year. You'll recall that the office products revenues were down 2% in the first quarter, so the second quarter results do show some sequential improvement and they are in line with our expectations for the quarter. Sales to the independently owned office products resellers were up 1% for the quarter and they are now even year-to-date, while sales for the mega channel were down 4% for the quarter, a slight improvement from the 6% decreased that we experienced in the first quarter, not where we wanted to be in either case, but an improving trend which is encouraging. On the product side, we did have increases in the quarter and the categories of general office supplies and cleaning and breakroom supplies, but these are offset by load of mid single-digit increase or decreases in technology products and furniture. Now despite the challenging conditions in the industry, we do look for modest improvements in our office products results in the second half. Several internal growth initiatives are beginning to generate positive results and during the second quarter we completed the acquisition and integration of the $20 million regional distributor that we mentioned in our last call, which will certainly add to our results in the second half. Additionally, later today we will be finalizing another small acquisition that will add approximately $20 million in annual revenue and this one should close by the end of the third quarter. So these two acquisitions will give us some additional sales volume in the second half and they will have a nice impact in 2009 as well. Moving on to automotive, sales for this group were up 2% for the quarter, and this is down from the 4% increase in the first quarter due to the sale of the remaining Johnson Industries locations in the first quarter. On going automotive operations were up 3.4% for the quarter and they were up 3.6% year-to-date, so a fairly consistent picture in our continuing operations. As far as additional insight into our NAPA results, we opened 11 net new stores in the quarter giving us a total of 48 net new stores year-to-date. Commercial sales in our company store group were up 3% in the quarter, which is similar to our first quarter results and our cash or DIY business was up 1% in the quarter showing some improvement over the 2% decrease in cash sales in the first quarter. Major account sales were up 6% in the quarter, and we continue to feel good about our progress as well as our opportunities in the major account segment. Our NAPA Auto Care business is not yet quite performing as well. We were even in the quarter, and although this is an improvement from the 2% decrease in the first quarter, we are still down 1% year-to-date, which we feel is largely caused by the deferral of maintenance that we see in the after market right now. This is our largest wholesale program however, and our folks recognize the importance of showing positive growth in Auto Care over the second half of the year. So that’s a quick overview of the sales results for the quarter and year-to-date and at this point Jerry will take a few minutes to discuss the financial. Jerry?
Jerry Nix: Thank you Tom. Good morning we appreciate you joining us on the call today. We will first review the income statement and segment information and we will touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. We will be brief and then we will open the call up to your questions. Review of the income statement shows the following --total sales for the second quarter were up 4% to $2.9 billion and our year-to-date sales of $5.6 billion, also were up 4% from last year. Second quarter revenue trend was slightly favorable to our growth rate over the last few quarters, and we are encouraged about the opportunities for more growth over the last half of 2008. Gross profit in the quarter, 29.66% to sales compared to 29.77% in the second quarter last year, a decrease of 11 basis points. For the year, gross profit is consistent with last year 29.78%, and we look to show more progress on this line going forward. We will continue to focus on the best product and customer mix as well as expanding global sourcing opportunities to drive this progress. For the year through June, cumulative pricing which represents supplier increases to us is up 1.7% in automotive, plus 3.4% in industrial, plus 1.4% in office products, and plus 4.6% in electrical. Now let's take a look at SG&A. For the second quarter, SG&A as a percent to sale at 22.15% was slightly favorable to the second quarter of '07. For the six months in 2008 SG&A stands at 22.52% of sales, up approximately 21 basis points from '07. As you may recall, the increase is probably the results of certain non-recurring cost recorded in the first quarter for the sale of Johnson Industries and the consolidation efforts in our remanufacturing operations. In addition, we find it challenging to improve our operating leverage at our current level of sales growth. Regardless, we plan to see some improvement on this line in the second quarter, and we look for the same in quarters ahead, as we make progress toward the fifth consecutive year of improved SG&A cost as a percent to sales. For the quarter, tax rate was approximately 38.3%, which compares to 35.6% last year and 38.0 for the second quarter in '07. First quarter rate was down due to the favorable impact of the sale of Johnson Industries during the quarter, and our tax rate through June is 37.0 compared to 38.0 last year. We should have a full-year tax rate of 38.0, the same as in 2007. Net Income for the quarter at $133.1 million, was up 2% and earnings per share of $0.81 compared to $0.76 last year, up 7%. For the year, net income $256.6 million, up 2%, earnings per share of $1.56 compared to $1.47 in '07 up 6%. Now let's discuss the results by segment. The Automotive sector had revenue for the quarter of $1 billion 428.5 million, 50% of the total that was up 2%. They had operating profit of $115.5 million of 1%, so slight margin down from 8.2 to 8.1%. The Industrial Group had revenue in the quarter of $898.1 million, 31% of the total, that’s up 7%, operating profit of $76.6 million that's up 9%; so margin enhancement and expansion at 8.3% to 8.5%. Office Products for the quarter, $430.8 million, 15% of the total. Their revenues were flat in the quarter. Operating profit of $37.4 million, down 1%, but due to the rounding their operating profit margins stayed the same at 8.7%. The Electrical Group, $122.6 million, 4% of the total, just had an outstanding quarter up 11% in revenue, operating profit of $9.9 million, up 19%. The operating margin expanded from a 7.5% to an outstanding 8.1% of sales. We are now going to review the six months segment information for you. It’s in the press release and will be happy to address any questions that you have during Q&A. So in summary, operating profit for the second quarter grew 4% and a 4% sales increase resulting in operating margin of 8.3% for the total company, which is consistent with the second quarter of 2007. Through June, our 8.1% operating margin is down 10 basis points from last year and this reflects continued progress in industrial and electrical offset by the onetime cost in automotive in the first quarter discussed earlier and the de-leveraging of expenses in automotive and office products due to their sales volumes. We're pleased with overall progress in margins for the quarter and have plan to show more improvement over the balance of the year, as you can see, our greatest opportunities in automotive and office products. The net interest expense of $7.3 million for the quarter and for the six months net interest is $14.5 million. Our interest is up this year due to decreased interest income thus far in '08 and we currently expect our net interest to be $28 million to $30 million in 2008. Other category, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority interest were $16.3 million in the second quarter and is $30.0 million through June. Now these costs are slightly higher than in our respective periods in 2007, due mainly to the amortization of intangible associated with acquisitions. We currently expect this line to be approximately $50 million for the full year, which would be up slightly from expense in this category in 2007. Now let’s touch based on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at June 30th are $136 million is down to $139 million from June 30 last year. From the six months through June, we spend a $151 million for share repurchases compared to $52 million in the same period of 2007, and we’ll spend another $67 million for acquisitions. These investments account for the decreasing cash from last year, but our cash position remains strong due to increased income and improvements in working capital. Accounts receivable increased approximately 1% from last year and a 4% sales increase for the quarter, so we remain very pleased with our level of receivables and feel good about the quality of our receivables. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at rates less than sales growth, which we've unable to do for several consecutive quarters now. Inventory was up approximately 4% from June last year, but is down 1% from December 31, ‘07. A component of the increase from last year related to acquisitions and expansion initiatives, but as in the cash receivable, our goal is to grow inventory to lower rate than sales growth and although we've made some progress relative to the first quarter, we still have work to do in this area. We will continue to focus on our inventory management initiatives and show more improvement on this line as the year progresses. Accounts payable, also increased 4% from last year reflecting increased purchases related to sales growth as well as extended terms and other payable as initiatives established with our vendors. We are pleased with our on going improvement on this line and will continue to work for more progress in the periods ahead. Working capital of $2.5 billion at June 30, down 10% from June 30 last year. Most of this decrease account for the reclassification of $250 million in debt to current liabilities in December of 2007. Although excluding reclass, working capital is still down 1% from ‘07. So we are pleased with our continued progress in managing and working capital. We’ve improved our working capital as a percentage of sales by at least $0.01 in each of the last four years, and expect to continue this positive trend again this year. We also emphasize here that our balance sheet remains in excellent conditions. We continue to generate consistent and strong cash flows. Our strong cash position provides the company many opportunities. For 2008, we would expect to generate cash flow in line with ‘07 which was an especially strong year. We continue to project cash from operations in excess of $600 million and free cash flow, which deducts capital expenditures and dividend, should be greater than $250 million. Looking ahead, our priorities for the cash remain close to dividend, which we’ve increased for 52 consecutive years. We are proud of this record of consistent growth and its dependability to up and above average dividend yield, which is currently at approximately 4%. Other priorities include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchases and with appropriate strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segments. Capital expenditures $22.6 million in the second quarter compared to $29.1 million in the second quarter last year and through June CapEx of $44.3 million compared to $52.8 million in ‘07. We do expect our CapEx investments to pick up slighter from the first half of the year and remain comfortable with a balance of a $110 million, $120 million in CapEx spending for the full-year We feel good about our level of reinvestment in our businesses. Depreciation and amortization, $22.0 million in the quarter, $44.7 million for the six months. So this is slightly higher than our expense on this line last year and we would expect to continue this trend with depreciation and amortization in the range of $90 million to $100 million for the full-year. Another priority for us has been opportunistic share repurchases and as part of our repurchase program we purchased approximately 4.2 million shares of our company stock thus far in 2008. This follows purchase of 5.0 million share for all of 2007. Today, we have an additional 6.1 million share authorized for repurchase. We have not set pattern for these repurchase order. We remain active in the program as we continue to believe that investment GPC stock along with dividend provides the best return to our shareholders. As we have mentioned, strategic acquisitions continue to be an important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. After closing two acquisitions in the first quarter, we close another three this quarter and now have completed at least one acquisition in each of our businesses thus far in 2008. We covered these in our last call, except for one, which was a small company acquired by a heavy duty parts group in May. Most important, we remained discipline in our approached acquisitions, and believe we have added quality companies to our operations, which we expect to be accretive to our returns. Through six months in 2008, acquisitions have accounted for approximately 1% of total sales growth, so you can see these businesses are important to us and we look forward to more success with this element of our growth strategy. Currently, we are planning for similar pattern with strategic acquisitions in our various business segments over the balance of the year. We continue to believe, these are the proper priorities for cash as we move forward. We believe that the use of cash in these areas serves to maximize total return to shareholders. Finally, we added our total debt remains unchanged at $500 million. The first $250 million credit facility matures in November of this year. We have a new signed agreement extending this debt for another five years. The second 250 million is due in 2011, and any prepayment of this debt is cost prohibitive due to make whole provisions included in the debt agreements. Total debt to total capitalization at June 30, '08 was 15.6%, consistent with June 30 last year, and we're comfortable with our capital structure at this time. We consider the second quarter to be improved from the first quarter of the year and although we have more room for improvement, our management teams overcame a challenging macro-economic environment through hard work and proper execution of their well-laid growth plans. We certainly want to thank and express our appreciation to the entire GPC team for their efforts on the difficult circumstances. At the midpoint of the year, our challenge has remained to show continued improvement in growing sales, controlling cost and improving our operating margins despite uncertain economic conditions. As always, we will support these efforts with a strong and healthy balance sheet, continued strong cash flows, further maximizing our return to shareholders. We fell very positive about our businesses, there strategic plans, performance, and prospects for long-term growth. Tom, I'll turn it back to you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. So that recaps our second quarter and first-half results, and despite the challenging external environment, we do feel that we came through the first six months in reasonably good shape and that we're in a position to report another good year for Genuine Parts Company. Back in February, we said that we expected full-year revenue increases of 2-5% for Automotive, and being up 3% year-to-date they are in the range. For industrial, we said 5% to 8%, they are currently running up 6%, so here again, within range. On the electrical side, we said 5% to 8% and a plus 9% year-to-date, they are slightly above. And for office products, we said 1% to 4% and being down 1% year-to-date we're just below. So, putting them all together we continue to feel that a full year overall GPC revenue expectation of 3% to 5% is reasonable at this time. On the earnings side, our prior guidance was 3.12 to 3.22, but anticipating the current external conditions to continue to last at least through the end of '08, we think that a more appropriate range will be 3.12 to 3.18, which will be up 5% to 7% for the year. So, that will conclude our remarks at time and we'd like to address any questions if you may have. Then we'll turn the call back over to Matt. Matt?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Michael Ward with Soleil
Michael Ward: Good morning, everyone.
Jerry Nix: Good morning, Mike
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Mike
Michael Ward: Jerry do you have, how much you spend or approximately what kind of impact there is from the fuel cost, whether it is from driving the trucks or distribution, whatever it is?
Jerry Nix: No, Mike, we do not. We know it is a significant expense for us. We’ve inbound freight and we share with some of our suppliers and we’ve the outbound freight each night going to the NAPA stores, as well as the office products dealers within the S.P. Richards Group. We’ve a local delivery expense out of the company owned stores, so that is in a lot of different categories, but it is a major expense for us and we’ve got a new initiative in place to minimize the cost of that in each of the cases, but no, we do not have the number in total, what it is at this point.
Michael Ward: How you have been able to offset it? Because if it had an impact on your cost, and it does not seem like it had a significant impact on margins, it seems that you have done a pretty good job of offsetting it?
Tom Gallagher: Mike I will try to address that the, we are seeing increases obviously like everyone is, but among the things we’ve done is that we reconfigured the fleet to try to use more energy efficient vehicles. We are using some fairly sophisticated delivery management software to try to reduce the miles that we are driving. We’ve got other programs where we reduce idle time, and we are just trying to pull all the levers that we know to try to keep the cost --.
Michael Ward: Okay. On the automotive side, your sales are still holding up despite the fall off in vehicle miles driven?
Tom Gallagher: They are, we were up on an ongoing business was up 3.4, as I mentioned and we are up 3.6 year-to-date.
Michael Ward: Great, it sounds like, I mean, this second quarter looks like vehicle miles driven are going to end up being down somewhere around 3% or 4%, which is a huge drop, but that is been reflected yet in weakening in demand or you are just picking up share?
Tom Gallagher: Well, we see evidence of reduced miles driven and things like the deferral of maintenance, which is partly attributable to reduce miles and also the cost of fuel. We see people looking to migrate toward the lower price product in order to try to control the cost. However, I think our folks have done a pretty good job in some key areas. I mentioned, our major account business was up 6% in the quarter and was up 6% year-to-date. I think, there we would be perhaps outperforming the overall market growth. Our AutoCare business, even in the quarter we were pleased with that frankly. Puts us down 1% for the year, but we are looking for that to turn positive for us as we work away through the course of the year. So, I think our folks are just trying to execute as best as they can in a challenging environment.
Michael Ward: Thank you very much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you Mike
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and Good morning. Couple of questions, first of all, it was a nice surprise to see the office products business stabilize given that the total business there seems to have deteriorated properly speaking. Can you give us some insight as to why you think your business recovered in the second quarter?
Tom Gallagher: Matt I think a couple of things. One, we did not have the best of years last years. So the comps are not as challenging as they are in some of the other businesses, but with that said I think our folks are here again are doing a mighty good job of executing on their internal initiatives, and we were pleased to see the growth and the independent reseller business that are referenced earlier. The size of the decrease that we’ve with the mega’s was less in the quarter than what it was in the second quarter. So, I just think again, maybe it is some internal initiatives and some good execution from our folks.
Matthew Fassler: My second question relates to pricing in automotive. It looks like you are up 1.7% in the first half. Jerry, I believe that is the number you gave. That exceeds where you up last year, equalled were you up all of '04, that way you were up all of ‘06. I realized that there is a little more inflation evident in a number of your businesses, but here it seems to be meaningful relative to the growth rate. Can you talk about where that comes from and what the success has been passing through raw materials increases?
Tom Gallagher: Matt I will try to answer that. It is across broad product categories, anything that is steel based. Obviously we are seeing, significant price increases. Things like brake-rotters would be an example there, bearings would be another example. Then anything, that is petroleum based, we are also seeing a sizeable increase. Anything that is been sourced out of Asia, we’ve seen significant increases there for specific reasons having to do with China sourcing. As far as our ability to pass them along, I think we’ve said in the past and it continues to be true today and that is that, we do not take a price increase in our automotive business, unless we can pass it along, and remain competitive in the marketplace. So when, a vendor needs a price increase, we will work with them because we know they need it as well. We will review the competitive landscape, and then hopefully we are in agreement that we can take the price increase, and pass it along at the appropriate time.
Matthew Fassler: Understood. My last question relates to margins in the automotive business. There is been some distortion over the past. Numbers of quarters depending on both the performance of Johnson Industries and then dispositions and charges related to that. Can you talk to us about what kind of impact, if any Johnson Industries or any other strenuous factors had on the margins in Q2 of this year, and just remind us with the comparable figures were for 2Q of last year?
Tom Gallagher: We did not really have any significant impact from Johnson or from the restructuring in our remanufacturing business in the second quarter. So, I think the comparisons are pretty clean. We are at 8.1, as Jerry said down 10 basis points, and part of that is that we just could not get enough leverage on the sales increase and also some of the product mix that we saw in the quarter, but we think that we will show margin improvement as we work our way through the course of the year.
Matthew Fassler: Truly the last question. You talked in the first quarter about some of the volatility in the automotive business through that quarter. Was the trend steady one through the second quarter?
Tom Gallagher: Well, no not really. What we saw, which we thought was interesting, is we saw the April and May results on a per day basis were pretty consistent and pretty encouraging, and then we saw moderation in June. Now, we’ve seen through mid-month in July that the average daily sales have gone back to the levels of April and May, but we did see some moderation in the final month of the quarter.
Matthew Fassler: Got you. That is very helpful. Thanks so much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with Suntrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes: You had talked in prepared comments on the acquisition and some other initiatives in office products for the second half of the year helping revenues. Would those help margins as well, or do you expect to see margin pressure for the rest of the year?
Tom Gallagher: Specifically, we think these will be accretive, not dilutive, but as far as pressures in the channel, we do not expect them to abate any, and I would to say that that is true for all of the businesses. We just have to find ways to offset those pressures.
Keith Hughes: Specifically in the offices, the pressure just primarily discounting, or a desire for discounting of customers, or is it mixed or both?
Tom Gallagher: It is a combination.
Keith Hughes: All right, thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you Keith.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pector with Cacti.
Josh Pector: Hi. Just two quick thoughts. The first is, maybe you can update us a little on how the Mexican market looks? No one ever seems to talk about it. Second conceptually and it might be my inexperience with the industry, but I am always confused that in distribution related business in a highly inflationary environment, I always believe that that should produce outside the operating margins and as long as you are raising your prices more that your cost, this would be the moment in which we would see Genuine Parts come up with a 12%, maybe 13% operating margin. I wondered, why not now, and if not now when could an environment produce that kind of results from your businesses?
Tom Gallagher: Josh, I will try to answer them in the order you posed them. As far as the Mexican operations, we are pleased with the progress we make. There were, we’ve presence there in our automotive, our industrial and our electrical businesses, small components of the total in each case, but in all cases making nice progress. So we continue to feel good about our presence there. As far as the inflationary impact, I think what you are seeing in the case of industrial and electrical, you are seeing some of what you have described in your question. We are showing nice margin improvement in both of those businesses, and we are getting the benefit of the larger price increases in each of those businesses. We are not quite there yet in automotive or in office products, but I think in general we would agree with your statement that as inflation becomes more of a factor, it should in fact have a beneficial impact on our operating margins.
Jerry Nix: Josh, well I would agree with what Tom just told you. Your last comment there about getting margin back up to 12% or so in automotive, I do not want anybody to think that is going to happen.
Josh Pector: Now you, come on Jerry
Jerry Nix: It is certainly not going to, but we can see some improvement.
Josh Pector: Well we do not write, so we will not put anything in print, but looking at your businesses and running some of the numbers over the decades that we have data, why we could not see 200 or 300 basis points overtime, especially given how ramping the place is, as long as you are pushing prices up, faster than cost or fuel service charges, we should see good operating margin, right. If it is not now, Jerry, when would it come? This is it right?
Jerry Nix: Keep in mind that there our inflation number 1.7 is still not even up to the cost of living index numbers. So, we have not passed that point yet and your theoretical situation there if we would have price increases 6% to 7%, the other cost go up 3 then. The answer to your question will be yes, but I am not sure that those days are coming back. However, anyway Josh, we appreciate the comment, and we understand what you are saying, but that is just not realistic to think we are going back to anything double-digit margin. We think 9 to 9.5 over the next three or four years would be realistic in the automotive.
Josh Pector: Carry on Jerry. Thanks so much.
Jerry Nix: All right, thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from line of Walter Schenker with Titan Capital Walter Schenker - Titan Capital Thank you. Hello Tom, hi Jerry.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning Walter. Walter Schenker - Titan Capital Two questions, one I know you have looked to do some direct sourcing in the automotive business in China for some items. With the change in the dollar and the inflationary pressures there, has that become somewhat less attractive to you?
Tom Gallagher: Not less attractive, but we are finding that some products that right have been a candidate to be sourced in a country like China, now we look at other countries and see equally attractive opportunities up to and including some of this product now coming back to Mexico and [inaudible] and sourcing some of the product there. Walter Schenker - Titan Capital Okay. Second question, you indicated that there is some, it appears to be some deferral in the automotive side. I know, going way back when there were fuel issues, there was fairly decent variance among product lines which would help further identify that that was going on among auto parts which are deferrable versus none. Are you seeing material differences across product lines more than you would normally see?
Tom Gallagher: We are, what we see is anything that affects drivability. Our results are really pretty good, and examples would be categories like batteries, brakes, and chassis. If we look at other things that maybe more discretionary, things like tools and equipment for instance, sales there are not as strong as they are in the other product categories that I mentioned. So, what we are seeing is more, anything that is discretionary, we are finding that demand is not as strong as it is for those critical items. Walter Schenker - Titan Capital There are something which is a big ticket item, which might be discretionary would also, I am thinking of air conditioned compressors or something like that, that would probably be little weaker?
Tom Gallagher: Well air-conditioning Walter Schenker - Titan Capital I know, hotting where you are, I guess--
Tom Gallagher: Yes, air conditioning compressors in the South right now would not be considered discretionary, I do not think, people are replacing those. However, if one has a choice, and if they do not have to make the repair than we are seeing, people question whether not they will make the repair. Just further, another thing we are seeing is that folks are asking whether or not there is a lower price to alternative and we do sell, two different levels of product, one more higher priced and one a little lower priced, and we are seeing unit sales of the lower priced products exceed, the unit sales of the higher priced products. Walter Schenker - Titan Capital Your gross margin across the multiple lines, tend to be the same. I realize there is different gross balance, but the margins are pretty much the same?
Tom Gallagher: No, not across the product category. We’ve got quite a variance among the different product categories. Walter Schenker - Titan Capital I am sorry. I meant, among the same products, different lines?
Tom Gallagher: Same product, different lines, yes. Walter Schenker - Titan Capital Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Jerry Nix: Thank you Walter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets.
Tony Cristello: Thanks, good morning. Gentleman.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Tony.
Jerry Nix: Good morning, Tony.
Tony Cristello: A couple of questions. One, for the auto segment, I am just wondering, when you look at your company owned businesses versus some of the independence that you are providing parts for? Is there a difference, on how the stores are performing?
Tom Gallagher: Well, across a store base of 5900, almost 6000 stores, yes certainly there is difference. Across our company store base, we see a difference within the 1000 or so company owned stores that we have. I would say if we are trying to group them and say what is the performance of the independent, as it compares to the company store group, they are about comparable right now.
Tony Cristello: Okay. So not to material, do you have any thought on the sequential improvement you have seen in the DIY business? It was pretty weak in the first quarter and then you saw a nice pickup in the second and obviously price is some of that. However, it has got to be a more conscious effort on the consumers. Is that related to perhaps new car sales being down so much, or is there something else you are seeing either in traffic or spending that might be a reason for that?
Tom Gallagher: We do not have anything that we can point to specifically. It may be what you just said, and that is that with people keeping their cars longer, they may be willing to put a little money into them. However, we do not have anything that we would say is absolutely categorical.
Tony Cristello: Was your business impacted with weather? I know, there was a lot of flooding in the Midwest and certain regions there, and can you speak on any geographic strength or weaknesses that might not have been consistent with what we’ve seen in the past?
Tom Gallagher: Geographically, it is pretty much the same. We were impacted as everybody was with the Midwest weather situation, but our business overall in the Midwest, the Southwest, the Mountain States, up East, our business remains pretty good. Our toughest areas continue to be in the Southeast and then out West in the States of California and Arizona primarily. That is where we find the biggest challenges and that is consistent across all four of our businesses.
Tony Cristello: Okay. I mean, maybe this is a big picture question here for you Tom, but there is obviously emphasis on smaller cars and fuel economy and those types of things. How do you look at, or how do you view your operations in the industry, what might change in over the next two or three or four years with that emphasis and that focus and thinking about trucks becoming less of a option, or diminished in terms of how the consumer is viewing those on a purchase basis?
Tom Gallagher: Well, a couple of things. One, any change that happens, whether it be in size of vehicle or the power plant in a vehicle, it is going to be a gradual change, because as you know, there are 249 million vehicles on the road today, and every year we sell, we use to sell 16 million to 17 million. We are going to adjust that to 14 million to 16 million based upon current times. However, any change is going to happen over a multiple year period. As far as the implications of smaller vehicles or alternate power plants, certainly they will have an impact. There are some positive, and some potentially negative, but we view most of them in a positive sense. One thing that will happen is there will be more parts proliferation, because of the introduction of these vehicles, and we think that plays to one of our core capabilities. We think that we do have fairly sophisticated inventory management forecasting models and inventory management systems. We’ve got the balance sheet and the distribution network to support that. So we think that that might play an advantage for us. Second thing, we think that vehicles regardless of size are going to become even more complex, which probably says that the DIY business or the DIFM business, the professionally installed business is going to continue to grow in terms of the overall, which we think again plays to an area of relative strength for us. So, we do think that we are going to go through a period of change. It will be gradual. I think, we are reasonably well positioned to handle that and hopefully with our strategies we will be in a position to be beneficiaries of the changes.
Tony Cristello: Okay, that is great. One last question on just the acquisitions. Do you feel like this environment, you are getting better pricing on what you are having to pay for things and are they more available out there given what the current status of the macro is?
Tom Gallagher: Well, the answer to that is yes and no. We are seeing a number of opportunities. We are seeing a number of opportunities at reasonable pricing. Pricing that we think makes sense and occasionally we see some that appear to be reasonably good opportunities, but the pricing has not yet come down into a range that we would think make sense for Genuine Parts Company and our shareholders. However, on balance, we think the answer would be more yes than no.
Tony Cristello: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ashton Partners leadership.
Jerry Nix: Matthew, I will take the call. We want to thank those of you for joining us today. We appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you on future calls.
Operator: This concludes today's Ashton Partners conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Carol Yancey- Vice President and Corporate Secretary Thomas Gallagher-Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jerry Nix-Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Alan - BB&T Capital Markets  [Chip Ruey - Clymer] Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs  [Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley Keith Hughes-Suntrust Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets 
Operator:   At this time I want to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions
Carol Yancey:  Good morning and welcome to the Genuine Parts Company First Quarter Conference Call. We appreciate you joining us today, where we will discuss our earnings results and the 2008 outlook. Before we begin, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company or its management, statements of future economic performance and assumptions underlying the statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company’s actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company’s latest SCC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President and CEO. Tom.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call and once we’ve concluded our remarks we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Now earlier this morning we released our first quarter results and hopefully you’ve had an opportunity to see them, but for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $2 billion, $739 million which was up 3%. Net income was 123.5 million which was up 2% and earnings per share were $0.75 this year, compared to $0.71 in the first quarter of 2007 and the EPS increase was 6%. The 3% sales increase is similar to our fourth quarter 2007 increase and in line with our overall expectation for the quarter. The net income of +2% shows that we were not able to get as much leverage as we would like on the 3% sales increase; however we did have over $5 million worth of charges in the quarter related to the sale of the final three Johnson Industry operations as well as to the costs associated with the consolidation of one of our remanufacturing plants. With out these charges, our net income would have been up 4.5% and while the charges had a negative impact on the quarter, both of these decisions are positive steps for the future and Jerry will cover this in a bit more detail in a few moments. On the earnings per share side, we were pleased to show the 6% increase for the quarter.  Looking at the results by segment, our strongest revenue increases continue to be generated by the industrial and electrical operations. Industrial sales were up 6% for the quarter, which we feel is a solid start to the year. Our biggest increases geographically for the quarter came from the Western, Southwest and Canadian operations, but we were pleased to see positive growth in all parts of the country. Looking at it by customer segment, our largest increases came from customers in the iron and steel, pulp and paper, and food products industries and these helped to off set softer results in automotive, lumber and wood products and other housing related segments. When we put it all together, we’re pleased with the industrial groups first quarter performance and based upon the continued strength in the industrial production and capacity utilization figures through March, as well as due to their internal growth initiatives, we feel that the industrial operations will turn in another solid performance in 2008. The electrical segment results are pretty similar to industrials. They were up 7% in the quarter and that’s on top of a 12% increase in the first quarter of 2007, so it wasn’t an easy comparison and the electrical operations continued to do a fine job for us. Now we have seen a slight moderation in the Institute for Supply Management Purchasing Managers Index over the first quarter, but at 48.6 in March, this is in line with December 2007 and it still remains at a healthy level and we feel that this is a positive indicator for our business in the months ahead. Additionally, EIS will be closing on an acquisition on May 1 with annual revenues of approximately $15 million, which will be a nice compliment to their existing electrical business and it will help to sustain EISs growth rates over the remainder of the year.  Moving on to office products, this team continues to encounter a challenging environment and they ended the quarter down 21% and while the sales sluggishness is more pronounced in the Southeast and Western part of the country, primarily California and Arizona, the results in the remaining operations, while better, were not enough to get us on the plus side for the quarter. Sales to independent office products resellers were flat for the quarter, while sales to the mega channel customers were down 6%. So it was a difficult quarter for our office products group and not up to expectations, but we do feel that they will show improvement over the remainder of the year. They have several sales initiatives that will kick in during the second quarter, as well as some new business that comes on stream in May. Additionally, they completed the acquisition of the small regional office products wholesaler as of April 1 and this should add about $2 million per month of incremental revenue. So despite the continued industry wide sluggishness, we do feel that office products will perform a bit better in the quarters ahead.  Finally, automotive; sales for this group was up 4% for the quarter, which is an improvement over the 2% increase in the fourth quarter of last year as well as for the full year 2007. Now as far as some additional insight into our Napa results, we opened 37 net new stores in the quarter. This off sets the -12 that we had in 2007 and it’s the best quarter that we’ve had for new distribution in some time and it will drive additional sales over the remainder of the year. Commercial sales in our company store group were up 3% in the quarter, but our cash of DIY business was down 2% which we think is reflective of current consumer sentiment and a slowing retail sales environment. Our major account sales were up a healthy 7% in the quarter. This follows a 5% increase in major account business over the second half of 2007, so positive trends in this segment of our automotive business, which we think bodes well for the quarters ahead. Our auto care business was not quite as good and in fact was down 2% in the quarter; this is our largest wholesale program, so we think we have some work to do here to get this on the plus side as quickly as possible.  Putting it all together, we think that the 4% automotive increase is a decent performance in the current environment. In fact this is our best increase since the second quarter of 2006, which is encouraging and we feel that our automotive operations are beginning to benefit from some of the steps taken over the past 12 to 18 months, and they have started off 2008 in a positive way. So that’s a quick over view of the first quarter results. Jerry will now take a few moments to discuss the financials in more detail. Jerry?
Jerry Nix:   Thank you, Tom. Good morning, we appreciate you joining us today. We will first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. We will be brief and then we’ll open the call up to your questions.  The review of the income statement shows the following: total sales for the first quarter were up 3% to $2.7 billion; this is pretty consistent with our growth rate over the last several quarters, but still not at the level we’d like to see over the long term. We will remain optimistic about the opportunities for solid growth over the balance of 2008. Gross profit in the quarter was 29.91% to sales compared to 29.82 in the first quarter last year, so we show some improvement on this line to start 2008. We look to show additional progress in this area going forward and we’ll continue to focus on the best product and customer mix as well as expanded global sourcing opportunities to drive this progress.  For the year, through March, came to a price in which represents supply increases to us is up 8/10% in automotive, 2.1% in industrial, 1.8% in office products and 2.0 in electrical.  Now let’s look at the SG&A. For the first quarter SG&A was 22.92 % of sales, up approximately 50 basis points from the first quarter in 2007. Although nearly half of this increase, approximately 22 basis points relates to the cost associated with the sale of Johnson Industries and the consolidation efforts in our remanufacturing operations. We lost some additional ground on this line due to lack of leverage on 3% sales growth. So we have much work to do here and we’ll absolutely take the necessary steps to achieve a fifth consecutive year of improved SG&A costs as a percent to sales. These steps have already begun. Furthermore, the sale of Johnson and the consolidation of our remanufacturing operation should improve the profitability of our automotive segment and the total company going forward.  For the quarter our tax rate was approximately 35.6% which is down from 38.0 for the first quarter in 2007. This is due mainly to the favorable impact of the sale of Johnson Industries during the quarter and we expect that tax rate for the full year to be around 38.0, which was what our full rate was in 2007. Net income of 123.5 million is up 2%, earning per share of 75 compared to 71 last year is up 6%.  Now let’s discuss the results by segment. Automotive had revenue in the quarter of $1 billion, 305.9 million represents 48% of the total, and they were up 3.5%. Operating profit of 98.6 million down 5% so it adds some margin degradation there from a 7.6 to 6.9%. The industrial group had revenue of $881.2 million representing 32% of the total, up 6%, operating profit of 69.0 million, up 7%, operating margin stayed strong at 7.8%. Office products : revenue in the quarter of 442.4 million represents 16% of the total, that was down 2%, operating profit of 43.9 million was down 9% while the operating margins are very strong at 9.9%, the trend is down from 10.75 in the first quarter of ’07. Electrical group: had revenue in the quarter of $114.3 million representing 4% of the total, up 7%. Operating profit of 9.0 million up 25%, so this management team continued to do an outstanding job in converting their sales to profit and margins up, moving from 6.8% in ’07 to 7.9% in 2008. In summary, with total sales up 3%, operating profit down 1.5, our consolidated operating margin slipped approximately 30 basis points to 7.8%. Continued progress in industrial and electrical was off set by the circumstances we faced in automotive and office products. The 70 basis point decrease in automotive is explained by the sale of Johnson Industries and the remanufacturing consolidation. These are both 1x calls which account for 40 basis points of the decline and the remainder relates to lack of expense leverage on low single-digit sales growth. We attribute the margin contracts in the office products to the slight decrease in revenue. So despite providing the highest margin among our businesses, we need to show progress with our office products margins and we’re optimistic that our sales plans for the balance of 2008 can help accomplish this. We had net interest expense of $7.2 million for the quarter, up $400,00, up 7% from last year due to decreased interest income. We currently expect that net interest to be approximately 27 or 28 million in 2008. Other categories, which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority interest, was 13.7 million in the first quarter compared to 13.1 million in the first quarter last year. The majority of the increase is due to the increase in amortization of intangibles, but corporate expense was also up slightly due to the modest increase in personnel and related benefit costs. For the year we continue to expect this category to approximate our expense in 2007, somewhere in the range of 40 to $50 million. Now let’s touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at March 31 was 162 million, down 89 million from March 31 last year. Despite the decrease, our cash position continues to grow stronger from increased income and improvements in working capital. In the first quarter this year we spent $95 million for share repurchases compared to 20 million in the first quarter of ’07 and we spend another 50 million for acquisitions. These investment opportunities explain the decrease in cash of last year, but our cash position remains strong.  Accounts receivable increased les than 1% from last year, or a 3% sales increase for the quarter, so we’re very pleased with our level of receivables and feel good about the cost of our receivables. Our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than sales growth. Inventory was up approximately 5% from the first quarter last year, but down 21 million or nearly 1% from year-end. As any accounts receivable, our goals is to grow inventory to a lower rate than sales growth so we didn’t do as well here as we’d like to see. That said, at least part of our increase related to acquisitions and expansion initiatives, such as imports and heavy-duty parts. We’ll continue to focus on our inventory management initiatives and show more improvement on this line as the year progresses.  Accounts payable increased 3% from last year, reflecting increased purchases relate to sales growth as well as extended terms and other payable initiative established with our vendors. We’re pleased with our improvement here this quarter, but believe we have room for more progress in the remainder of 2008. Working capital was $2.5 billion at March 31, down approximately 8% from March 31 last year. We would remind you that this accounts for the reclassification of 250 million in debt due November of ’08 to current liabilities. Before the re-class working capital is up just 1% from 2007, so we’re pleased with our progress in managing working capital and have improved our working capital as a percentage of sales by at least one penny in each of the last four years. We expect to continue this positive trend in 2008. We also emphasize here that our balance sheet remains in excellent financial condition. We continue to generate consistent and strong cash flows and our strong cash position provides the company many opportunities. For 2008 we currently expect to generate cash flows in line with ’07, which was an especially strong year. Cash from operations is likely to exceed $600 million in free cash flow, of which deducts CapEx and dividends should be greater than 250 million. Our priorities for the cash remaining, first to dividend, which was as announced our last call, we increased this year by another 7% to $1.56 per share, representing our 52nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to shareholders. Other priorities for the cash include the on going reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchases and where appropriate, strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segments.  Capital expenditure: 21.8 million for the quarter, down slightly from 23.7 million in the first quarter last year. Related depreciation, amortization was 22.7 million in the quarter, compared to 20.7 million last year. We continue to expect our CapEx spending to be in the 110, $120 million range for ’08 and we would expect our D&A to be approximately 90 to 100 million. We feel good about our level of reinvestment in our businesses. Another priority for us has been opportunistic share repurchases and as part of our repurchase program we purchased over 2.4 million of shares of our company’s stock thus far in 2008. This compares to just over 400,000 shares purchased through this time last year and follows the purchase of approximately 5 million shares for all of 2007. Today we have an additional 7.9 million shares authorized for repurchase. We also have no set pattern for repurchase, but remain active in the program as we continue to believe that investment in GPC stock, along with the dividend, provides the best return to our shareholders.  Regarding acquisitions: we were pleased to increase our investment in Awesome America and Awesome Canada to 100% effective January 1, 2008. Our relationship with Awesome dates back to 2005 when we made our initial minority investment in the company. As you may know, this group represents our OEM parts initiative and is significant to our automotive sales strategy. In addition our industrial group acquired male supply and power transmission at Barings Company effective March 1 of 2008. Earlier Tom mentioned our acquisitions for the second quarter in the office products group and the electrical group, so as you can sees strategic acquisitions continue to be an important use of cash and are integral to our growth plans for the company. We feel good about our priorities for the cash as we move forward and continue to believe that the use of cash in there area’s serves to maximize the total return to shareholders. Finally, we’d add our total debt remains unchanged at 500 million, although beginning December 31, 2007, a $250 million credit for sales maturing in November of 2008 was reclassified from long-term debt to current liabilities. The second 250 million is due in November 2011 and any prepayment of this debt is cost prohibitive due to make whole provisions included in the debt agreements.  Total debt to total capitalization of March 31, ’08 was 15.8% compared to 16.1% last year. We’re comfortable with our capital structure at this level. We consider the first quarter a very challenging one for Genuine Parts Company. We clearly have room for improvement in our businesses, but especially in automotive and office products. The challenge seems to be in overcoming our uncertain macro economic and industry conditions. We know we can overcome this due to superior execution of effective growth strategies.  For 2008 our goals remain to show continued improvement in growing sales, controlling costs and improving our operating margins. We’ll support these initiatives with a strong and healthy balance sheet and continued strong cash flows further maximizing our return to shareholders. We feel good about our businesses, their strategic plans, and their prospects for long-term growth. Tom, I’ll turn it back to you.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well that recaps our first quarter results. On the revenue side, back in February we said that we expected full year increases of 2 to 5% in our automotive operations and we came in at 4% for the quarter. Industrial we said 5 to 8%, we came in at 6%. Electrical we said 5 to 8% and they came in at 7% and office products we said 1 to 4% and they ended the quarter down 2%. So all but office products ended the quarter well within the ranges given and we expect improved performance from office products over the remainder of the year. In February we said that we expected total GPC revenue to be up 3% to 6% for the full year, with the second half being a bit stronger and at this point our guidance remains the same. On the earnings side, we previously gave an earnings per share range of 312 to 322 per share, which will be up 5 to 8% and we continue to be comfortable with these numbers.  So that is a recap of the first quarter and our view on the outlook for the remainder of the year and through out the company our management teams are focused on five key areas: hitting the revenue growth targets, generating earnings growth in excess of revenue growth, showing improved operating margin expansion and continuing to show improvement in our asset management and working capital efficiency initiatives; all of which will enable us to report a solid year for Genuine Parts Company. At this point, we’d like to address your questions and we’ll turn the call back over to Sim.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from the line of John Murphy with Merrill Lynch
John Murphy-Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys. Just first if you could talk a little bit on pricing and expand on your earlier comments. Could you just talk a little bit about what you’re seeing from your suppliers on the parts item, what you’re able to pass through your distribution in and even at the retail level.
Thomas Gallagher: Well John we said that through the first quarter, price increases were 8/10 of 1% in the automotive parts group. As far as what we’re seeing prospectively, we do think that the pricing increases will be a bit more as we work our way through the course of the year and as far as what we’re able to pass on in the automotive side of the business, we don’t take a price increase unless we can pass a price increase through; so we would expect that to just float through as the increases come.
Jerry Nix : John, I would point out, last year in the automotive for the full year we had 1.6% pricing and we would expect it probably again to be in that 1 to 2% range in ’08.
John Murphy-Merrill Lynch:  Do these price increases have any impact on your inventory, I would imagine that they are driving your inventory up higher. So I mean that might be part of the reason that there is a little bit of inventory creep in that quarter, is that correct? 
Jerry Nix :  Well, we’re on lipo [ph] so that would be offset with that.
Thomas Gallagher:  Inventory increase John is largely attributable to some of the new businesses, the build up in businesses for our import parts company, where we acquired 100%. We also saw an increased inventory in the heavy duty parts group as they continue to build their business and then we completed the acquisition as Jerry mentioned, the mill supply was a $34 million a year company, we completed that in March, so their inventory shows up in the quarter end as well. 
John Murphy-Merrill Lynch:  Okay and what do you think about miles driven and there is starting to be some decline in miles driven for the first time in awhile. I was just wondering if you can comment on how that’s potentially impacting the auto business going forward and if you guys can continue giving your experience here. 
Jerry Nix :  Well as you know, historically miles driven has increased 1 to 2% a year, in 2006 they were up 9/10 of 1%, but then in ’07 we saw that they dropped 4/10 of a percent and the last figure that I’ve seen is through January and it was down 1.7% in the month of January, so there is no doubt that the higher gasoline prices are reflected in the reduction in miles driven and we think that’s part of the pressure that’s on the overall revenue growth within the industry in total right now. This thing will revert back at one point. We do think that later in the year we might see some moderation in some of the gasoline pricing and we’re hoping that we’ll see some increase in miles driven at that point as well. 
John Murphy-Merrill Lynch:  Then just lastly on the acquisition process, I was just wondering if you could talk about when you do these smaller bolt on acquisitions, really the integration process, if it’s fairly easy without a lot of hiccups, which it has been in the past and if what you see the pipeline on these acquisitions being going forward.
Thomas Gallagher:  Well as far as the integration process, we would expect that the ones that we’ve outlined today will be integrated in a similar fashion to the ones that we’ve done over the last couple years; these are not large acquisitions, they are more easily integrated and they do, in fact, compliment the existing businesses that we’re in. As far as acquisitions going forward, we continue to look for acquisitions in each of the businesses. We think the environment that we’re in right now might present some additional opportunities for us and we’re on the look out for anything that we think makes good sense and actually is accretive for the shareholders at Genuine Parts Company. So we’ve got an ongoing and acquisition process in all of the businesses that we’re in.
John Murphy-Merrill Lynch:  Just lastly on the debt that’s coming due this year, the 250 million, have you looked at refinancing that and sort of looked to make sure he’s given that, you know, the tough credit markets right now?
Jerry Nix :   Yes, John we have and I believe we’ve locked in a rate at this point that we’re not able to discuss at the current time, but I think you can expect to see us extend that debt for another five years. 
John Murphy-Merrill Lynch:  Great, thank you very much.
Jerry Nix : Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  Thanks a lot and good morning to you. 
Thomas Gallagher:  Morning, Matt.  
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :   I wanted to focus first on automotive. Did you have any charges related to Johnson Industries a year ago?
Thomas Gallagher:  No, not in the quarter we didn’t, we did for the year, but not in the first quarter. 
Jerry Nix :  Matt, I want to tell you they lost money but there weren’t any charges associated with it. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  Okay that’s fair. You talked about some off sets to the Johnson Industries right off, I guess, on the tax line. So if you were to look at the net income impact or EPS impact of those divestitures to the piano [ph] what would that look like? 
Jerry Nix:  I can tell you we picked up $0.03 a share due to the tax benefit from it and the 3.5 million or so hit that we took was pre-tax, so I don’t know exactly what the net impact of that would be, but it did hurt us in the SG&A side, but we were able to gain some benefit from it in the tax side.  
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  So $0.03 is the loss and then the $0.03 pick up on taxes is essentially the, is that just essentially tax effective, that loss or is there additional tax benefits? 
Jerry Nix :  No, the loss is for the loss on the sale of the stock of Johnson energies and that was accumulated over a period of time. The charges in the pre-tax number are just for the current quarter.  
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  Okay, so if that’s, call it 3.5 million, 2.5 million after taxes, it sounds like it was actually for the quarter and the aggregate, the tax more than offset the operating income impact. 
Jerry Nix :  That’s correct.  
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  Okay, also in automotive, any comment on the trajectory through the quarter?
Thomas Gallagher:  I will answer that, Matt. We wound up getting the year off on a per day basis, we had a pretty good January, it moderated a bit in February and then March came back a bit, not to the January level, but it did come back a bit and thus far in April, we’re encouraged by what we see.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  That would essentially be, you talked to my last question, on automotive, which is sort of a same store sales kind of number. You talked about having a few more company owned stores opened, that they probably didn’t move that much, but it sound like the same store sales number or the equivalent thereof probably accelerated from the fourth quarter of ’07 into the first quarter of ’08, if I heard you right?
Thomas Gallagher:  I think that’s right.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs : Okay great. My other questions relate to office products. You know looking at your comments from the fourth quarter, it looks like the mega’s actually were down here in Q1, down six versus down nine, where as the independents lost a little bit of ground flat versus up four. I’m interested, I guess, in both. What do you make of the moderated decline for the mega's, is that, so far as you can tell a reflection of channel sell through of less de-stocking, what would you attribute that too? Then the independents, I would think that would relate to the broader environment, but any color you have there is great. 
Thomas Gallagher:  Well I would say that I think the moderation in decline with the mega’s is more a matter of mix than it is of anything specific with the group. I had been to a meeting earlier this week, an office products industry meeting and basically what I heard there is that the industry overall, the results are pretty reflective of what we just gave you for our office products company. But here again, I would say that we see a slight improvement in April and we hope that it will sustain itself through the month and on through the quarter. We’re some what optimistic that we can improve these results as the year progresses and that, as I said earlier, we’re still saying that office products will be up for the year and that 1 to 4% range. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  Then finally, just one question on the relationships between office products and industrials; as we look at the macro factors that you attribute performance to, they’re some what similar in those two sectors. Are you surprised at the divergence of performance between the two as industrials have been quite consistent for you and office products less so and that’s been true of the industry as well?
Thomas Gallagher:  Well, we can see clearly why industrial is performing as well as it is and electrical also for that matter, because the demographics continue to look very favorably. Industrial production, capacity utilization figures continue to look good there. What we see different in office products is that for the first time in quite some time, we’re seeing a decrease in the number of white collar jobs across the country today, which has a direct impact on the demand for office supplies. So we are a bit pleasantly surprised with how well industrial and electrical are holding up and we’re a bit disappointed in how difficult we find the office products business to be currently and again, that ‘s reflective of what’s happening in the industry.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  Great and then finally, Jerry on the tax rate; you talked about a tax rate in the 38s, you started off in the 35s for Q1, so should we expect a tax rate that exceeds 38% for the rest of the year to get you to that annual average?
Jerry Nix: Yes, I think 38 2, 38 3 and to get it back to the 38 for the full year is probably reasonable. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs :  Thank you so much, guys.  
Thomas Gallagher:  Thank you, Matt.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jonathon Stimets with Morgan Stanley
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:  Great, thanks. Good morning everyone, can you hear me?
Thomas Gallagher:  We can hear you find Jonathon. Good morning.
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:  Okay great. Just a few questions; first starting on the auto side, I missed a little bit. Did you break out what the revamp, I think you mentioned something on the revamp side, what that cost you in the quarter?
Jerry Nix :  No, we didn’t Jonathon it was about $2 million. 
Thomas Gallagher:  $2.1 million. The total of the two is right at $5 million. 
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:  Okay and how long does this revamp, it seems like it’s been a slow drip for a long time. How long does that continue to persist do you think? 
Thomas Gallagher:  Well we’ve consolidated two plants over the last 14 months or so, that’s the end of the consolidation. This gets us to where we want to be and we think we’re positioned now to benefit from the positive results of that consolidation. 
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:  So the business itself has low margin, but we shouldn’t have the sort loss making charges relate to that? 
Jerry Nix:  No that makes the remaining plants more profitable as the capacity utilization moves up in them. That was the reason for the consolidation of the two. 
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:  Okay and do you do anything differently, when you think out over the next two or three years on the auto side? I’m thinking John Murphy had a question related to miles driven going down. It doesn’t seem like when we lag that over the next two or three years that the auto side may be as robust. Does it make you think differently about how you want to run the business from either a head count perspective or a number of warehouse perspective or anything when you look at the auto margin that makes you want to make some more significant changes? 
Thomas Gallagher:  Well the key word that you just used was significant. I think what we see is that on the revenue side some of the initiatives that we embarked upon in the last 18 months or so will help us we think, perform at a reasonable level. The import parts initiative, we continue to expand that and we continue to be encouraged by what we see with that. The heavy duty truck parts initiative will play a bigger role for us as we go forward, so those two will be key for us in the next 12-24 months. As far as the cost structure of the business, we always look at cost structure on an ongoing basis, but yes, we’re saying that we’re going to have to continue to find ways to streamline operations, to be more productive in existing operations and to take our SG&A down as a percent to sales in the automotive operations and we’ve got initiatives underway in all of those areas to help us get there. 
Jerry Nix:  Since you mentioned the miles driven and macro issue, there is also a positive macro issue and that’s that aging fleet in that 6 to 12-year-old age group, and the mix of that would be more in light trucks and SUVs. It’s yet to be seen what impact that would have, but there may be enough positive impact there to off set the slowing in the miles driven. 
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:  Okay and I guess my last question then relates to fuel costs. Do you have a number at all or an estimate as to what that might have hurt you buy, and I guess you try to recoup some of it with surcharges and that sort of thing. But do you know, company wide, what that’s hurting you by and I imagine that that would go up as we move into summer here? 
Thomas Gallagher:  Well we can’t answer that specifically. We can tell you that it has had a double digit increase. Our fuel costs have gone up double digit across all of the businesses thus far this year. How we recover those varies by different business units, but we are seeing a net increase in fuel costs for sure. 
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:
 : You say double-digit, but how should we think about what percentage of your cost of goods sold relates to fuel?
Thomas Gallagher: We’ll have to get back to you on that Jonathon, I don’t have that…
Jerry Nix:   I can tell you that we don’t include freight in the cost of goods sold, that’s in SG&A.
[Jonathon Stimets] -Morgan Stanley:  SG&A, okay, thank you.
Thomas Gallagher:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with Suntrust
Keith Hughes-Suntrust:  Thank you. Within the electrical segment, given some of the raw material of inflation that has and probably will occur, have you seen any kind of pre-buying ahead of price increases from customers? 
Thomas Gallagher:  No we haven’t really at this point. Some of the products that you may be referring to, there is actually some shortage on some of that product, so the industry, overall, is not in a position to do too much pre-buying.
Keith Hughes-Suntrust:  What kind of products are you seeing shortages on? 
Thomas Gallagher:  Well some of the fabrication material that we use in our Fabrico business at EIS for instance, we’re on allocation and have been. There is just an inordinate worldwide demand right now, so the manufacturers are really working hard to keep up with demand. But, we’re not in a position to build product demand in those product categories.
Keith Hughes-Suntrust:  All right, thank you. 
Thomas Gallagher:  Thanks.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Richard Weinhart with BMO Capital Markets
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning, gentlemen. 
Thomas Gallagher:  Good morning, Rick.
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets:  A couple questions on the auto parts business; the auto care center you said was down a couple of percents which I think is kind of unusual for that business. Is there anything unusual going on there or can you just give us a little color on what happened? 
Thomas Gallagher:  I don’t think there’s anything unusual going on, I think the auto care group in total is experiencing much the same as all repair operations are experiencing. We did say they were down 2% for the quarter. We also said that our major account business was up 7% for the quarter, but in that case we’ve taken perhaps more share with the major account segment. Some of the surveying we do on outbound sales would indicate that the repair business in total is flat to up modestly right now and I think that’s more what’s happening with the auto care business than anything else.  
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets:  Okay and that was my second question on the major accounts up 7%, strong number there. Is any of that stuff that occurred in this quarter or would you attribute that more to wins in the past that maybe you’re gaining some traction on? 
Thomas Gallagher:   I think it’s more a result of some things that happened in 2007. I mentioned earlier that we were up 5% in the last six months of ’07 and we’re up 7% through the first quarter and I think that ‘s just a result of some of the good work that was done last year.  
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets:  Okay and then just back to the auto care. My question was really based on, when I think of that business, I tend to think of that as more in your commercial bucket, which was up about 3% and then the auto care being down too. So maybe is there something in the mix there that caused that to be a little bit weaker than the rest of the commercial or maybe I’m not thinking about the mix right.  
Thomas Gallagher:  Well embedded in what we would call the whole sale business would be things like the major account business and there’s 7% increase that would off set some of that 2% decrease with the auto care customers. 
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, moving onto the fuel surcharges. I understand that your gross margin doesn’t have the cost embedded in there for distribution, but I’m wondering about parts delivery from the store out to your customers. Have you been able to, or are you trying to pass on fuel surcharges there? 
Thomas Gallagher:  That’s not something that we see evidence of in the industry. What we are trying to do there is we’re trying to be more sophisticated in our delivery management systems. We’re trying to get more revenue per delivery run, we’re just trying to manage it from a different perspective.
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets:   Okay and then my last question, if you have any comments on the O’Reilly, CSK merger there. I imagine that that doesn’t impact you or anything directly, but over the long term, how are you viewing that in general? 
Thomas Gallagher:  Well we see it’s a natural consolidation and it makes a lot of sense we think for O’Reilly’s and they’ll do a good job with it, once they get through the integration. They are a well run company and we have a lot of regard for that organization. What it does do, is it takes one player out of the industry. Had O’Reilly not done this, they would have eventually opened on the west coast and we would have had just one additional entrant there, so we have one less competitor than what we would have had. In the near term there may be some integration challenges or whatever that may open some opportunity, but it does, in some ways it clears the landscape for the future and we look forward to competing with O’Reilly’s on the west coast.
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets: Okay and just to follow up on that point, there does seem to be a bit more consolidation here now as we’re getting into ’08 starting off with that piece of business. Are you finding, I mean it would seem anyways, by what you’ve done so far this year, are you finding a greater number of opportunities are arising?
Thomas Gallagher:  Well I would say that difficult times present additional opportunities and I think that’s evident in the automotive side of the business, so we’re out there working as diligently as we can to try to find things that make sense for Genuine Parts Company.
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Jerry Nix :  Too, you know on the automotive side, we run into obstacles; every one of these businesses has been so, we’ve looked at them. Our challenge is we already have operations and if we made it to acquisition we’d either have to close existing stores or close what we bought. So that’s the reason the acquisitions of larger ones don’t make sense for us in the automotive side. 
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets: Right, but some of the smaller tuck in, bolt on acquisitions, those are still available right now right, opened the door for you? 
Thomas Gallagher: There is some of that out there and if we can find ones that make sense, we hope to participate in them.
Richard Weinhart-BMO Capital Markets: Right. Okay thanks very much. 
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets 
Alan-BB&T Capital Markets:  Good morning, this is actually Alan for Tony. How are you?
Jerry Nix: Good morning, we’re doing fine. Thank you. 
Alan-BB&T Capital Markets: First question, with respect to the automotive segment, did you witness any difference in sales trends on a regional basis, and did any flooding in the Midwest have any impact on business?
Thomas Gallagher: Well the answer to both questions is yes. We did see some of the continuation of regional trends that we’ve seen in the past. The more challenging areas for us would be in the southeast and primarily in Florida and then we see challenges in California and in Arizona and this is consistent with what we’ve seen for a little bit of time now and consistent with what we see in some of our other businesses as well. And then the flooding certainly had a moderating affect on the business during the time that those areas were impacted, without question.
Alan-BB&T Capital Markets:   Okay, a bit of a follow up question. Would you be able to quantify the impact that raising your stake in Altrom from a minority interest to 10% ownership had on automotive sales during the quarter?
Thomas Gallagher: They actually had slightly reduced sales in Automotive. If we balanced the Altrom, the increased revenue with the heavy duty business against the loss of revenue for the sale of Johnson Industry’s, we would have been down just a little bit in the aggregate there.
Alan-BB&T Capital Markets: Is that on a year-over-year basis; am I understanding correctly?
Thomas Gallagher: That was year-to-year, quarter-over-quarter, comparing this year’s first quarter with the first quarter of last year.
Alan-BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, excellent. Thank you very much.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Chip Ruey - Clymer]
[Chip Ruey - Clymer]:  Hey guys, I’m just following up again. Did you say your auto sales would have been down or the impact would have been down?
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you for clarifying that, Chip, no. There was a slight negative to our automotive growth when we look at…
[Chip Ruey - Clymer]:  [indiscernible] Okay. 
Thomas Gallagher: And can you quantify I think you said about 40 basis points was from Johnson, was that really the SG&A issue too in auto, like what was the dollar number there?
Jerry Nix: That was, it was like 3.5, 3.4 I guess it was in the Johnson case and 2.1 for the remanufacturing.
[Chip Ruey - Clymer]:  Okay so the Johnson won’t repeat and the remanufacturing, just should dribble down over the next few quarters?
Jerry Nix: No those are one time costs in both cases. There as severance and all associated with the remanufacturing, and the Johnson thing is over.
[Chip Ruey - Clymer]:  Okay. The repurchase, did you have a dollar figure attached to that, accorded 2.4 million shares?
Jerry Nix: Yes, Ill get that for you. It was $94 million.
Chip Ruey [ph] with Clymer:  And can you talk about, I mean you’ve got 7.4 million left, you said you’d be aggressive. Can you put some color on that, are you aggressive here, how aggressive would you be on that on that 7-4 and if you can’t answer too much about that, can you talk about how you purchase shares though out the first quarter, like more skewed to where the stock is now?
Jerry Nix:   Yes, but keep in mind we did 5 million shares last year and we’ve already done almost 50% of that in the first quarter this year. So I think we are more aggressive and we do try to buy on weakness and as you know our stock along with all the others have had weakness; so we’ll continue to be active in that. We don’t have a set target that we’re going to do 2.5 million shares a quarter or anything like that. We’re more active on certain days. We have not been in there because of a black out period for the last week and if the stock shows weakness, we go in on a daily basis and be more aggressive.
Chip Ruey [ph] with Clymer:  Okay and last, you said you’d probably roll the debt that comes due this year. Do you have any idea on kind of what the spread could be or what rate you could roll now, have you kind of checked with banks? I’m just trying to figure out what sort of interest…
Jerry Nix:  Well the rate is going to be a good bit lower than where we have. I just can’t give the details on it because of still we have some documents yet to complete, but the rate will be lower than it is at the current time, so..
Chip Ruey [ph] with Clymer: All right, guys, solid quarter, thanks a lot. 
Jerry Nix: Thanks very much.
Operator:  At this time there are no further questions. 
Thomas Gallagher: Sam, thank you. We appreciate those of you joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to talking with you on the next conference call.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Carol Yancey - SVP of Finance Tom Gallagher - Chairman, President and CEO Jerry Nix - Vice Chairman and CFO
Analysts: Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley Keith Hughes - SunTrust Michael Ward - Soleil
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carrie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Genuine Parts Company quarterly earnings call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Yancey, Senior Vice President of Finance. Ms. Yancey, you may begin your conference.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the Genuine Parts fourth quarter and year-end conference call to discuss our earnings results and the outlook for 2008. Before we begin today, please be advised that this call may involve forward-looking statements, such as projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure, and other financial items, statements on the plans and objectives of the company and its management, statements of future economic performance, and assumptions underlying the statements regarding the company and its businesses. The company's actual results could differ materially from any forward-looking statements due to several important factors described in the company's latest SEC filings. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will begin this morning with remarks from Tom Gallagher, our Chairman, President, and CEO. Tom?
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Carol. And I would like to add my welcome to each of you on the call today and to say that we appreciate you taking the time to be with us this morning. As we customarily do, Jerry Nix, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and I will split the duties on this call. And once we have concluded our remarks, we will look forward to answering any questions that you may have. Earlier this morning, we released our fourth quarter and year-end 2007 results and hopefully you had an opportunity to see them. But for those who may not have seen the numbers as yet, a quick recap shows sales for the quarter were $2.627 billion which was up 3%. Net income was $126.1 million, which was up 6% and earnings per share were $0.75 this year compared to $0.70 in the final quarter of 2006 and EPS increase was 7%. So, while we did see a slight softening on the revenue side from the first three quarters, we were pleased to still be able to get some operating leverage with net income up 6% on the 3% sales increase. For the year, our sales were $10.843 billion, up 4%. Net income was $560.3 million, which was up 7%, and we earned $2.98 per share this year compared to $2.76 in 2006 and the increase in EPS was 8%. So it turned out to be another record year in sales, net income and EPS for our company and we are proud of the job that was done by the GPC team. Looking at the results by segment, the Industrial and Electrical operations continue to produce the strongest results. Industrial sales were up 7% in the quarter and they were up 8% for the year. You may recall that this follows three consecutive years of 11% growth from our Industrial group. So, the Industrial business has been strong for sometime now and we are pleased with the ongoing strength in their performance. Geographically, we had some differences in growth rates with the West, Southwest and Canada turning in the biggest increases, but all parts of our country experienced positive results. And the same can be said by major product category. Some growing at a faster rate than others, but progress was made across each of the product groups. And as far as customer segments are concerned, we saw a solid growth in areas like equipment, machinery, food products, food processing, chemicals, energy which offset softer results and segments like automotive, pulp and paper and housing-related segments. When we put it all together, we are pleased with the Industrial group's performance and we feel that they are positioned to turn in another solid year in 2008. The Electrical segment's results closely track Industrial. They were up 6% in revenue in the fourth quarter and they ended the year up 7%. As with Industrial, this was the fourth consecutive year of good results from the Electrical operations and they experienced consistent growth geographically as well as across their key customer base. And we are optimistic about their prospects for 2008. External industry factors remain favorable for our Electrical group and their internal growth initiatives were generating positive results. So, we are looking for another solid year from this team in the year ahead. Moving onto Office Products, 2007 was a challenging year for these operations. After starting the year with a 3% decrease in the first quarter, they were able to finish just slightly on the plus side in the second and third quarters, but then experienced a 1% decrease in the final quarter and they ended the year down 1%. Following three solid years from the Office Products' teams in 2004, '05 and '06, the 2007 results were not up to expectation, but they are reflective of the overall slowdown experienced throughout the office products industry. And looking across their customer base, we were pleased to see a 4% increase from their independent office products resellers, which is encouraging. But this was offset by a 9% decrease with the mega channel customers. On the product side, core office supplies and cleaning and brake room supplies had positive results for the year, while tech products and office furniture experienced low-single-digit decreases. So, 2007 turned out to be a challenging year for our Office Products' team, but they have solid plans and initiatives in place for 2008 and despite the ongoing softness in the industry, we are anticipating somewhat improved results as 2008 progresses. And finally a few comments about our largest segment, Automotive. Sales for this group were up 2% for the fourth quarter and Automotive was up 2% for the year. Core NAPA operations were up 3% for the quarter, as well as being up 3% for the year, with the difference being due to the continued downsizing of Johnson Industries. And this might be an appropriate time to give you an update on the status of Johnson. As of February 1st, we completed the transaction to sell two of the three remaining JI locations, which we are pleased to get done. This leaves us with one remaining operation and it is our expectation that we will sell this last one during the second quarter. It is the long process, but we are pleased to be nearing the end and while we will incur some first quarter expenses relating to the sale, we will see benefits from these transactions as the year progresses. Now as far as some additional insight into the NAPA results, our company-owned store group grew about 1% faster than our independently-owned stores and company-owned stores represent approximately 37% of the total volume. Cash, business and commercial, each grew at 3% for the year and we are pleased to see the balance in these results. Our major account business was up 3% for the year and this important customer segment was actually up 5% over the second half of the year. So, we saw some acceleration in the growth rate in the second half and we look for continued growth in the major account segment at 2008. Our Auto Care business was off 1% in 2007, but we did see positive growth from this important customer segment in the fourth quarter, which we feel will carryon throughout 2008. Now, one area that we did not do as well this year was new distribution. Although, we did open a number of new stores throughout the year, we actually experienced a net reduction in stores over the second half of the year due to consolidations and closures. And we ended 2007 with 12 fewer stores. Certainly, not up to expectations and this is something that the Automotive team has committed to correct in 2008, and we were encouraged by the 10 new stores that were opened in January. 2007 was an interesting and challenging year for the automotive aftermarket in general, due to industry-wide demand moderation that was evident throughout the entire year. And as evidenced by our 3% growth in our core Automotive operations, we were impacted as well. However, we are not satisfied with the 3% sales increase. We are a bit encouraged by the relative consistency of our automotive increases on a quarterly basis in 2007, and we think that effective execution of our key growth strategies will yield improved results in 2008. Before concluding my remarks, I would like to give you a quick comment on our Heavy Duty Truck Parts and Import Parts initiatives. You may recall that we stared the Heavy Duty business in the first quarter of 2007, and over the remainder of the year, we worked our way through the normal start up initiatives and challenges. We are pleased with our current situation in 2008. It will be an exciting year for our Heavy Duty team. On the Import Part side, late in 2005, we acquired a royalty interest in [Altrum], a Western Canada based distributor of parts for Asia and European vehicles. We have been pleased with our experience with this business to date, and as of the first of the year, we acquired the remaining ownership of [Altrum], as with it the heavy duty business, we see significant growth opportunities here and over the course of 2008, we will complete the [Altrum] program roll-out across the NAPA system.  Strong growth from the heavy duty truck parts and import parts initiatives will help offset much of the loss of the Johnson Industries revenue in 2008, and they will be significant contributors to our overall automotive growth in 2009 and beyond. At this point, I'll turn it over Jerry to cover the financials. Jerry?
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Tom. Good morning. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We'll first review the income statement and segment information, then touch on a few key balance sheet and other financial items. We'll be brief and then open the call up to your questions. View of the income statement shows the following: Total sales for the fourth quarter were 3% to $2.6 billion and we finish the year up 4% at $10.8 billion. Our fourth quarter was not too different from the circumstances we experienced throughout the year, so our results were pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter in 2007. Not growing at the rate we like to see over the long-term but still this was another record sales year for us, and we remained optimistic about the opportunities we have to continue to show solid growth in 2008. We are very proud of the GPC team for their accomplishments and continued commitment to sales growth. At December 31, the company reclassified certain warehousing, distribution and handling cost from operating expenses to cost of goods sold.  You may have noted this disclosure on our income statement in today's press release, and we will present a five year historical schedule of adjusted cost of goods sold and operating expenses, as well as the 2006, 2007 quarterly reclassification in our 2007 annual report. We can also send this schedule to you in advance of the annual report, and if you like just let us know. For '07 and '06 these costs amounted to $176 million and $171 million, respectively. And we are $43 and $41 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 and 2006, respectively. Our comments regarding gross margin and operating expense will reflect these changes. It should be noted, however, the sales, operating margins, net income and EPS were not affected by this reclassification. Gross profit in the quarter was 29.62% to sales, compared to 30.46% in the fourth quarter last year. Fortunately, we had improved our gross margins in each of the first three quarter of the year. So, year-to-date gross profit was relatively consistent for last year 29.67%. We are pleased to maintain our gross margin but believe we can be doing a better job here and see opportunities to show additional progress on this line going forward. We continue to focus on the multitude of factors impact in these margins, including product and customer mix, as well as, our global sourcing initiatives. For the year, our cumulative pricing which represents a prior increases to us is up 1.6% in automotive, 4.7% in industrial, 3.0% in office products, and 5.1% in electrical. Now let's look at SG&A. For the fourth quarter, SG&A the percent of sales were relatively constant with the same period in '06, at 21.88%. And for the full 12 months in 2007, was 22.14% down 17 basis points from the prior year. We feel very good about our progress on this line. We would add that many of our cost in areas of insurance and benefits seem to stabilize in 2007, something we are very pleased to see. So, with our '07 results, we have now reduced our SG&A the percent of sales for four consecutive years. We'll continue to intensely manage all the costs in our businesses, and look to extend this positive trend into 2008. For the quarter, and for the full year, our tax rate was approximately 38.0%, which is down from 38.3% and 38.4% for the fourth quarter and full year in 2006. This is due mainly to the lower state taxes, favorable tax rate changes in Canada, as well as foreign tax credits.  The tax rate for 2008 should be about the same as 2007, but can change on quarterly basis. Net income for the quarter of $126.1 million, was up 6%. Earnings per share of $0.75 compared to $0.70 last year, up 7%. For the year, net income of $506 million was up 7%, earnings per share of $2.98 compared to $2.76 in 2006, up 8%. This represents another record level of earnings for the company and relative to our 4% top-line growth, we feel pretty good about this conversion. Now, let's discuss the results by segment. For the fourth quarter, automotive had revenue $1,274.3 million; that was up 2%. Operating profit, $87.5 million, up 11%; so margin expansion there to 6.9%. For the full year, automotive had revenue of $5,311.9 million, representing 49% of the total, it was up 2%. Operating profit up 3% at $413.2 million, so margin expansion only here from 7.7% to 7.8%. The industrial sector for the quarter, had revenue of $828.3 million, that was up 7%. Operating profit down 1% at $77.4 million a degradation from 10.2% to 9.3%, I would point out that last year in the fourth quarter the industrial sector was up 27% and the difference between now and at that time the industrial group had reduced the inventory about $50 million in '04, '05, and '06. And we got into the LIFO (inaudible) and picked up income there. And so, the impact of that inventory gains in LIFO was about $8 million in the quarter. So, that would explain the decrease there in the fourth quarter operating profit.  Now, for the year, the industrial group had revenue of $3,351.0 million representing 31% of the total, up 8% operating profit of $281.8 million and that's up 10%, so their margin has expanded from 8.3% to 8.4% for the year.  Office products, fourth quarter revenue $422.1 million that was down 1%. Operating profit of $37.7 million, down 16%, so that margin decreased from 10.5% to 8.9%, since we did not reduce our expenses quickly enough. And for the full year, office products had revenue of $1,765.1 million, down 1%. Operating profit of $156.8 million, down 6%, so their margin did decreased from 9.4% to 8.9% for the full year, but I would point after that 8.9% operating margin is still outstanding. Electrical group had revenue in the quarter of $106.9 million that was up 6%, and had operating profit of $7.2 million, up 32%. So, good margin expansions to 6.7% for the quarter. For the full year, the electrical group had revenue of $436.3 million representing 4% of the total they were up 7% and revenue, operating profit of 35% at $30.4 million, so outstanding margin enhancements that are going from 5.5% in '06 to 7.0% in '07.  So in summary, operating profit for the fourth quarter grew 1% on a 3% sales increase resulting in operating margin of 8.0% for the total company, which is down slightly from the fourth quarter in 2006.  Looking to the year, with the exception of office products, each of our businesses show margin improvement, and we closed with an 8.1% operating margin for 2007 which is consistent with our 2006 margin. I will add here that our pre-tax profit margin with total operating expenses including corporate expense, as well as interest improved again in 2007 up 16 basis points to 7.53% of sales. This is a fourth consecutive year of improved per-tax margins, which we are pleased to report. We had net interest expense of $4.5 million for the quarter, and for the full year our net interest expense was $21.1 million down 20%. We would expect that net interest to increase approximately $26 million to $27 million in '08, and we are projecting lower interest income for the year due to lower interest rates. The other category which includes corporate expense, amortization of intangibles and minority interest was $1.9 million in the fourth quarter compared to $7.2 million last year. The benefit of favorable insurance reserve adjustments, as well as the gain on sale of assets in the quarter contributes to the decrease in expense from last year. For the year, this category was $44.4 million compared to $48.8 million in '06, and we currently project this experience to again be in a $40 million or $50 million range in '08. Now, let's touch base on a few key balance sheet items. Cash at December 31 was $232 million up $96 million in December of '06. Our cash position grew stronger in 2007, as we improved cash flow with increased income; working capital gains and $56 million in proceeds from sale lease-back transaction closed in the fourth quarter, which we discussed in our last conference call. We expect that cash position remains strong in the year ahead, but we also look for our cash balance if they are based on investments opportunities that may arise in the year such as acquisition and share repurchase. Accounts receivable decreased 1% from last year a 3% sales increase for the fourth quarter. So, we are very pleased with our level of receivables and feel good about the quality of our receivables. Look into 2008 our goal at GPC remains to grow receivables at a rate less than sales growth. Inventory 12/31/07 was $2.3 billion that's up approximately 4% from last year and inline with our sales growth for the quarter and the year. We have shown steady improvement in our inventory levels for several consecutive years now, and we will continue to manage this key investment and show more progress in the year ahead. Accounts payable also showed significant improvement in '07 increasing 9% from last year to $990 million. Increased purchases related to sales growth, extended terms for certain suppliers, and the increased utilization of procurement card during 2007 have driven the increase on this line. We will expect to show additional progress here in 2008. Working capital was $2.5 billion at December 31, that's down approximately 5% from December 31, '06. We would add that this accounts for the reclassification of $250 million in debt due November of '08, the current liabilities. We have improved our working capital as a percentage of sales our working capital efficiency by at least a penny in each of the last four year, and currently stand at $0.23 on a sales dollar versus $0.25 in '06. We are pleased with our progress in managing working capital. I would also emphasize that our balance sheet remains in excellent financial condition. We continue to generate consistent and strong cash flows in 2007 was an especially strong year for us. Cash from operations was approximately $641 million for the year, which was up from $434 million in '06. Free cash flow which deducts capital expenditures and dividends from cash from operations was $283 million for 2007. We are very pleased with our improved cash flows in '07 and feel our strong cash position provides the company many opportunities.  As we transition at 2008, our priorities for the cash remain first dividend. We paid a dividend every year, since going public in 1948, and yesterday, the Board approved a 7% increase in annual dividend for 2008 to $1.56 per share. This follows an 8% increase in the prior two years and represents 52% of 2007 earnings. In addition, our 2008 dividend marks the 52nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to shareholders. Other priorities for the cash include the ongoing reinvestment in each of the businesses, share repurchases and where appropriate, strategic types of acquisitions in each of our business segments. Capital expenditures $31.9 million for the fourth quarter, that’s down slightly from $32.9 million in the fourth quarter last year, and for the full year CapEx $115.6 million that's down from 126.0 in '06.  Looking into 2008, we should see our CapEx spending in again $20 million range. We continue to make the necessary reinvestment in our businesses. Depreciation and amortization of $23.7 million in the quarter, $87.7 million for the year. This is up from 2006, and directly relates to an increased level of capital expenditure over the last two years. Likewise, we expect depreciation and amortization to increase again in '08 to approximately $90 to $100 million.  Another priority for us has been opportunistic share repurchases and as part of our repurchased program we did purchased approximately 5 million shares of our company stock during 2007. This follows a purchase of 2.8 million shares, 2.9 million in '05 and '06 respectively. Year-to-date in 2008, we've repurchased another 850,000 shares; leaving us with 9.5 million shares available for repurchase today. No set pattern for these repurchases. But we remained active in the program, as we continue to believe that investment in GPC stock along with the dividend provides a best return to our shareholders. We feel good about our priorities for cash as we moved into 2008. We continue to believe that the use of cash in these areas serves to maximize the total return to shareholders.  Finally, I want to update you on our debt position at December 31. Total debt remains unchanged at $500 million but the $250 million credit facility maturing in November 2008 will reclassify to long-term to current liabilities.  The second, $250 million is due in 2011 and prepayment of this debt is cost prohibitive due to may hold provisions included in the debt agreements.  At this point, we've made no decision regarding our plans for the debt as it comes due. Total debt to total capitalization December 31, '07 was 15.5% and we are comfortable with our capital structure at this time. Despite the uncertainty in the markets we serve, we were pleased to see progress in our overall operations for the fourth quarter and the year. It's impaired such as that they were amounted a balance created by the diversification of our businesses. With another record year behind us we'd now increase sales in 57 in the last 58 years, increase profit in 45 and the last 47 years.  We are proud to this record and we feel it reflects our on-ending commitment to steady and consistent growth at Genuine Parts Company. As we turned our focus to 2008 our goal remains continue to improvement on growing sales, controlling cost and improving our operating margins. We will support these initiatives; it was a strong and healthy balance sheet.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Please go ahead.
Jerry Nix:  We hope everyone to stay with us on the conference call. We apologize for that, we just talked about how good our strong cash flow was. We didn't pay our power bill because we had a brief power out is there we shut the call down for a moment. But hopefully, we got the fact that we [will turn to] '07 and return our focus to 2008 our goal remain to show continued improvement on growing sales, controlling cost and improving our operating margins. To support these initiatives we have a strong and healthy balance sheet and continued strong cash flows further maximizing our return to shareholders. We feel good about our businesses their strategic plans and their prospects for long-term growth. We are proud about dedicated employees and their efforts this is especially true when external business conditions present additional challenges for us. We are very pleased with our efforts in making Genuine Parts Company the great company, than we believe it to be. And now we have the right people in place to make it an even pioneer company in the years ahead. Tom, it will turn it back to you.
Tom Gallagher:  Thank you, Jerry. We will have recaps our performance for the fourth quarter and year end 2007. As we look back over the year, we feel good about the results in industrial and electrical electronic with an 8% sales increase industrial also is going to improve their margin 10 basis points, electrical was up 7, they improved their operating margin 130 basis points. Automotive while only up 2% and revenue was able to show 10 basis points margin improvement for the year, which we are pleased to see. Only office products progressed on is being down 1% in sales and all 50 basis points in operating margin but we do anticipate improved results from office products in 2008. Putting altogether with sales up 4%, net up 7%, and EPS up 8%. We are pleased to be able to report another record year in all three areas as well as to be able to show continued improvements in asset management, working capital efficiencies and maintaining strong cash flows. So, progress was made in a number of important areas and we are proud of the job that was done by the GPC team.  Now, as far as 2008 is concerned, we ended the year feeling good about the specific plans in place in each of the four business segments. At the same time, however, we recognized the additional challenges that we will face due to a slower economy. And with that in mind we are a bit more cautious in our expectations for 2008. Generally speaking, we feel that the second half of the year will be a bit stronger than the first half and full year revenue expectations for each of the segments will be as follows: In Industrial and the Electrical Electronic, we are looking for 5% to 8% revenue increases; in Automotive, 2% to 5% and in Office Products, 1% to 4%, giving total GPC, 3% to 6% on the revenue side. And with revenue growth in this range we would expect net income to be up 4% to 7% and earnings per share of $3.12 to $3.22, which will be up 5% to 8%. At this point, we will ask Carrie to go ahead and open up the calls to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Tony Cristello with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Tom Gallagher : Good morning, Tony.
Jerry Nix: Good morning, Tony. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: I guess, one question given the environment that we are in right now, you have been working a lot on the cost side of things for the last year, even longer and always tried to maintain a lean operating infrastructure, and I am just wondering with level of sales now, are you positioned to continue to take even more out on a cost basis? Or do you run the risk of being perhaps too thin to sort of sustain levels of growth that you might need once the operating environment improves?
Tom Gallagher : Tony, I don't think we run the risk of being too thin, that’s an area that we are very sensitive to. We would not reduce cost of the expense of revenue growth, but I do think that we have opportunity to further refine some of the cost structures we have in the businesses. And as we said in our closing comments, we think that we can continue to look for margin improvement as well as EPS improvement in 2008 at the level of sales that we’ve described across each of the businesses.
Jerry Nix: Tony, I would also point out that our CapEx numbers have been up the last two to three years and the reason for that is productivity enhancement and investments in the IT side of our business that aid us and getting our cost down without affecting the service. It actually improves the service to our customer. 
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets :   Have you started to receive the benefit side of the capital spend yet on those processes or is this something that may take quarter, two quarters, six quarters to finally get through where you are at the level of meeting of more than offsetting the investment?
Tom Gallagher :   I think we are seeing some of the benefit from some of the initiatives that were put in place last year and the year before. I think that's evidenced by the 10 basis points improvement in operating margin and automotive as well as industrial, 150 in the electrical electronic. So, I think we are seeing the benefit and we get projects that will pay further dividends to us in 2008.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets : Okay. And looking at Q4 and as well as 2007. Shifting gears, I am just wondering what was the organic growth of revenue versus how much revenue did you actually end up acquiring for the year.
Tom Gallagher: Well, the majority of the revenue was all organic. We had less than 1% contribution from acquisitions in quarter end and in the year.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And in this environment what is your strategy, or thought on acquisitions. Is there opportunity to perhaps be a bit more aggressive when others are struggling?
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think that that's probable, I might mention here, that we have two recent announcements on smaller acquisitions on the industrial side as of March 1st, we'll have a regional bearing and PT distributor that will join Motion Industries, they have about $32 million in revenue. And then as of April 1st they we are going to be including a regional office products distributor, and with the office products group and they have annualized revenue of about $30 million. So we see those two as enhancements for 2008, and we have discussions at various stages with other companies across the businesses, and we're hopeful that we can go ahead and tell you about those in our next call or two.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And just one last question with respect to NAPA, what is the plan for growth, I mean typically it would have been about a 100 short of the target or the goal, and as we look into 2008 given the soft operating environment on automotive, can you give some thought as to how you plan to invest into the business and grow the business given what's going on from a sort of a headwind?
Tom Gallagher: Sure. Certainly the new distribution will play a role we have said many times in the past that we would like to open a 100 net new stores a year. This past year we fell way short of that, but as I mentioned we did open 10 in January, and I think that we will have a positive result on net new stores if pressed for a response as to how many, I would say 50 to 60 net new stores for 2008. We're going to look to continue to roll-out the all term import products initiative across the remainder of the NAPA organization on the US side. So that will be an enhancement to our growth. The heavy duty initiative we'll continue to invest in that. And we have got some specific initiatives in other areas that will continue to push in the year ahead.
Tony Cristello - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Tony.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Good morning everyone.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: A few questions here, first a couple on the weeds and then maybe a bigger picture. I think, Jerry you've talked about some potential Johnson Industries exit cost in the first quarter, and then a benefit in the second and fourth quarter. Can you just be specific on what we should expect for the first quarter. And then was it actually a loss making operation in the second to fourth quarter and could you so comment on what we should see as a benefit?
Jerry Nix: I think in the first quarter it's going to be about a penny per share, because of some exit cost and so forth, but beyond that it should be a margin enhancement this year for us, but even if they were making profit, it was a much lower margin than of this is. So we should be positive and I can't quantify the positive in a third for last three quarters. But in the first quarter it should cost us about a penny a share.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And I think you also mentioned in this quarter you had a gain on a sale on some maybe insurance reserve type unwinds. Can you first of all is that correct, and second can you give some amounts attached to that?
Jerry Nix: Well, the reserves were adjusted it may have been, I don’t know what the specific number, well I had to check that and give to you. We had a gain, we sold some property, we also had a portion that had gain on sale and leased back that fell in the fourth quarter. So it was more slanted in an area of the gain on the sale of assets than it was on the insurance reserves.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay and what was that gain, do you remember?
Jerry Nix: No, I don’t. I think it is $2 million to $3 million.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and lastly maybe for Tom. There are a lot of companies in the S&P 500 who are growing earnings more rapidly than you guys not so much, because they have better domestic in North American operations, but because they have so much more international exposure. When you think about acquisitions going forward, do you want a broader international footprint or would you just prefer a focus domestically?
Tom Gallagher: Our footprints would be to be a North American company and currently 90% or so of our revenue comes from the US, about 9% from Canada, and about 1% in Mexico. We see ample growth opportunity in all three of those markets, that would not preclude us from looking at something other, but our priority would be to do it in North America and to leverage the strength of the management team and the infrastructure that we have in place in each of the businesses.
Jonathan Steinmetz - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you, guys.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Jerry Nix: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Thanks, I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on your guidance specifically around the industrial electrical revenue. The guidance at least to the top end will be basically a repeat of what we saw last year. You are talking about a couple or one small acquisition you are doing, but does that number include more acquisitions as you contemplate 2008?
Tom Gallagher: Well, it does include the expectation that we will benefit from the one that we just mentioned that closes March 1. We are very comfortable with the range we gave you and if another opportunity comes and we can exceed the ranges that we've given out, then we'll be thrilled to be able to do that.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: And how much would price play a factor in that number?
Tom Gallagher: Well, price in the industrial sector right now is a little over 4%, I think it's about 4.7% currently.
Jerry Nix: And also I would say Keith, while everyone is expecting the industrial sector has slow the industrial production numbers have been up in the last two months. And then our folks have been talking to our customers, you would think that the cycle will slow some, but at this point there is no evidence of it.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay. And final question, Jerry, you had talked about interest expense being higher and always on the fourth quarter. Is the drag you are talking about the difference of what you are earning on the cash, and what you're paying on the $500 million of borrowing?
Jerry Nix: Yes, that's correct.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: That's what I was talking about. Okay. Thank you 
Jerry Nix: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Ward with Soleil.
Michael Ward - Soleil: Good morning 
Tom Gallagher: Hi, Mike.  
Michael Ward - Soleil: Two questions. First of all do you have the store count for the company owned as well as the total on the automotive side? Are you there. Hello.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman this is the operator, we apologize for the delay. However, today's conference is experiencing technical difficulties. Your line will be place on silent mode until the conference resume. Miss Yancey, please go ahead. 
Michael Ward - Soleil: Hi, are you there?
Jerry Nix: We are back Mike. 
Tom Gallagher: We are sorry about that.
Jerry Nix: We apologize, at least we know our generator is working.
Michael Ward - Soleil: Alright. Just repeat the question, do you have the store count for year end, and if you have a breakdown between the company owned and independent?
Tom Gallagher: We will get that for you just a minute Mike.
Michael Ward - Soleil: Okay. The second thing is, the share repurchase you mentioned, you had 9.5 million shares. So was the share repurchase a dollar amount or is it a share amount?
Jerry Nix: It’s a share amount. And Mike the count of stores we had at the of the year was 4,743. We had company owned 1094 so we had a total stores of 5,837.
Michael Ward - Soleil: Okay. So the independents are down?
Jerry Nix: That's correct.
Tom Gallagher: Right, and the company owned are up I think nine for the year.
Michael Ward - Soleil: Okay. On the pricing side with automotive, what are you seeing there. Are you seeing anything at all on the pricing front. Has it changed at all?
Jerry Nix: Well, we have 1.6 in automotive for all of 2007. We don't have the results for this thus far in 2008. But in total that folks I think we'd probably be looking at another year of 1% to 2% of price increases and if you look back, we had 1.7 in '06 and we had 1.6 in '05, so it's been pretty steady at that level.
Michael Ward - Soleil: Sounds great. Thank you guys
Jerry Nix: Okay. Thank you 
Tom Gallagher: Thank you Mike.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Rick Weinhart with BMO Capital Markets.
Rick Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, gentlemen.
Tom Gallagher: Good morning, Rick.
Rick Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Couple of questions on the automotives area, we had fewer competitors report recently that there was a pretty step changes and sales as we get to the end of the year. And I am wondering what kind of volatility you're seeing in that business sequentially and even maybe if there is any changes since the beginning of the year?
Tom Gallagher: Rick, we did see a change in the month of December. We had pretty steady and stable results in October, November and then we saw a drop off in December. Especially as we got towards the holiday seasons the second half of the month, we saw a change. We were pleased to see that the January numbers came back, and are more in line with what we saw earlier in the quarter, and through mid month February we're consistent with where we were in January.
Rick Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Good thank you. And one question on I believe it’s the Rayloc division, I had referred to others perhaps on the internal consolidation there. That's occurring in the first quarter I believe can you comment on that and perhaps talk about is there any impact to the P&L that we should know about?
Tom Gallagher: We are consolidating one of the plants that we have into the remaining facilities that we have in that remanufacturing business. That will be completed by the end of the quarter. We will have some expense associated with the consolidation. Jerry you may have the number…
Jerry Nix: It would be minimal, and it would be about to $2 million, $2 million to $3 million and that's not minimal, but relative the overall numbers it is impact wise.
Rick Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And that's obviously in your guidance am I right?
Jerry Nix: That's correct.
Rick Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then my last question is on the office products business. Well, actually it's two for that business division. First, was there any impact from significant change in the vendor rebates at the end of the year. As I think we've heard from some of your competitors.
Tom Gallagher: Well in our case our purchases were not as strong as it might have been in some prior years. So we would have seen a difference in the dollar amount, but proportionately it would have been the same.
Rick Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then the other question on office products. Have you seen any change in the trends for that business now that we've seen a lot of the megas kick down your inventories, or do we still think there is maybe more inventory adjustments going on at some of these places?
Tom Gallagher: Well I wouldn't answer specifically what's happening at a particular customer segment. But I would say that we saw a slightly improve performance in January it's our expectation that office products will have a positive year force, we told you, I think that we expect it to be up 1% to 4% for the year. I think everybody is looking at supply chain and how you can become more efficient, but we expect an improved performance from office products as the year progresses.
Rick Weinhart - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks very much.
Tom Gallagher: Thank you.
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Rick.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Tom Gallagher: We just want to apologize to those of you who are listening. The inconvenience today was a power outage. We appreciate you sticking with us and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to talking to you at a future call. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.
