===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments first quarter 2025 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations, that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental materials available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call is our CEO, Cameron Bready; our President and COO, Bob Cortopassi; and our CFO, Josh Whipple. Now I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thank you, Winnie, and thanks everyone for joining us to discuss our first quarter results and the exciting start to our year. We had a solid first quarter, which is a testament to the resilience of our business model and our relentless focus on execution in what continues to be a fluid economic environment. Specifically, we delivered over 5% constant currency adjusted net revenue growth, excluding dispositions, 70 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion, and 11% constant currency adjusted earnings per share growth compared to the same period in 2024. Notably, both our Merchant and Issuer businesses saw growth consistent with where we exited 2024, and our overall performance was exactly in line with our expectations. While delivering this performance, we are also aggressively executing against our overarching transformation agenda, including advancing a significant number of key initiatives. Since launching the program last year, we have successfully simplified and streamlined our organizational structure and operating model, unified our Merchant business globally, advanced our technology harmonization program, and increased our overall benefit target by 20% to $600 million. Importantly, as we progress our transformation over the next year, we are positioning ourselves with a strong foundation to quickly and fully integrate Worldpay post closing. Josh will cover more details on the quarter in a moment, but we plan to spend the majority of our time today discussing our recently announced transactions to divest our Issuer Solutions business and acquire Worldpay. Since announcing the transactions, many of you have asked about the timing and how it aligns with our refocused strategy and transformation agenda we outlined last September. You have also asked about recent trends in the Worldpay business and how they have progressed their own efforts to improve growth and better position themselves competitively. Further, you asked about how bringing Global Payments and Worldpay together drives opportunities to accelerate growth over time. You also want to understand our plans to integrate this business when their previous integration was not successful. And lastly, you have asked for clarity as to how the transactions we announced align with our plans to prioritize capital returns to shareholders. We plan to touch on all these items today. To start, I want to discuss our conviction that the transaction with Worldpay and divestiture of Issuer Solutions will accelerate our transformation and build an even more durable and differentiated platform for long-term success. Let's start with the strategic rationale for what we announced. We know Worldpay well and have long recognized the complementary nature of our two merchant businesses. We also know first-hand that selling issuer processing solutions into large financial institutions is a very different go-to-market motion than bringing commerce solutions to merchants of all sizes globally. This is part of the reason we communicated at our Investor Conference, our intent to evaluate options for the Issuer business that serve to achieve our strategic objectives and accelerate value realization. So, when this unique opportunity to execute these two transactions simultaneously presented itself earlier this year, we've moved quickly and thoughtfully to structure a deal that would yield better outcomes in our standalone transformation journey. And we have high confidence that these transactions will do just that and accelerate our long-term strategy. One of the core tenets of our transformation program is to simplify and streamline our business to ensure we have a strong platform for the next decade of growth. Underpinning this is our desire to become a more focused organization, recognizing that we can unlock substantially more value in our business through greater clarity of purpose. This transaction not only sharpens our focus but also enhances our global scale and cements our position as a leading pure-play commerce solutions provider for merchants of all sizes around the world. It also allows us to concentrate on a simplified business and orient investment exclusively towards Merchant Solutions, driving better growth outcomes and improving our ability to win share in the market. And through the combination with Worldpay, we are bringing together highly complementary capabilities in distribution networks. Global Payments bring strength in SMB solutions, leading point of sale technology, and vertical specific software that Worldpay does not have today. Worldpay contributes best-in-class e-commerce and enterprise capabilities, managed PayFac solutions, and a presence in attractive geographies where we do not operate currently. Simply put, this combination creates a complete commerce solutions platform with complementary capabilities and extensive distribution across the merchant spectrum. Together, we will accelerate growth and innovation and deliver enhanced client experiences for merchants of all types and sizes. The combined company will also dramatically advance its innovation pipeline for future success. With capital investment in excess of $1 billion annually, we will be better positioned than ever to deliver the next generation of capabilities from point of sale in software and integrated and embedded payments to advanced commerce enablement and global omnichannel solutions. And importantly, since all of our investments will be focused on Merchant Solutions, we will be able to better amplify their impact across our organization and drive better returns on invested capital. We are already actively engaged with our customers, and their feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Specifically, clients are excited about how complementary the businesses are and how the combined company will bring expanded capabilities, even better service, and greater innovation to help power their businesses. This transaction also meaningfully enhances our financial profile. We expect approximately $12.5 billion in pro forma adjusted net revenue and $6.5 billion in adjusted EBITDA post transaction close. We see clear opportunities to achieve at least $600 million in cost synergies from aligning our Merchant business operations and go-to-market strategies, streamlining technology and infrastructure, and eliminating duplicative corporate and operational support structures. The path to achieve these savings is already identified and they represent low-risk opportunities, well within our reach given our team's significant integration experience. And to be clear, these synergies are fully incremental to the $600 million in benefits we expect to deliver through our operational transformation. Further, we are highly confident in our ability to achieve revenue synergies of at least $200 million by cross-selling our software and commerce enablement solutions, expanding omnichannel capabilities, and deepening penetration in high-growth verticals, all while leveraging our combined 6.5 million merchants worldwide, including more than 500,000 enterprise clients. Together, we have clear line of sight to accelerating both our revenue and earnings growth framework, while also meaningfully expanding our long-term commitment to return capital to shareholders. With that background, I'd like to spend a moment on how this transaction aligns with what we outlined at our Investor Conference. In September, we unveiled a strategy to transform Global Payments into the worldwide partner of choice for commerce solutions, focused on moving aggressively to position the company for the next phase of its growth journey. As part of this, we unified our Merchant business across three product pillars, point of sale in software, integrated and embedded, and core payments. Our strategy is squarely focused on the end-customer. We have built our business around knowing what merchants need to succeed across more than 100 vertical markets. We know the intricacies of their business and their goals. And we support them with exceptional service from the sales process to onboarding to ongoing support when they need us. The transactions we announced accelerate the transformation we began last year, while also creating a company with unmatched global scale in an industry where scale matters more than ever. Importantly, the acquisition of Worldpay directly supports each of our three merchant pillars, making them stronger, more scalable, more competitive, and more valuable to our clients. Starting with POS and software, we will be able to immediately sell our Genius point of sale and other software and commerce enablement solutions into Worldpay's existing SMB merchant base. We will also leverage our existing distribution channels to bring these capabilities to market and achieve better penetration and saturation. In integrated and embedded, Worldpay's Payrix platform enhances our ability to serve software partners, marketplaces, and platforms across more regions and operating models. And in core payments, Worldpay brings world-class e-commerce capabilities that enhance our payment acceptance solutions and enables us to deliver seamless omnichannel experience to merchants of all sizes across our combined footprint. Additionally, Worldpay strengthens our international presence in distribution in existing geographies and expands our footprint to new attractive markets like Japan, France, and the Nordics. We've made substantial progress on our transformation initiatives, and the plans we are pursuing over the next year provide a strong foundation in which to integrate Worldpay. We have already consolidated our Merchant, Technology, and Operations organizations. These newly defined organizations are focused on driving sales, delivering new products to market while ensuring differentiated service levels and availability. Importantly, we will approach this integration with a clearly defined operating model, scalable processes to support execution, and an uncompromising strategy regarding how we plan to fully integrate the business and run the combined company. By the time we close the Worldpay transaction, we will have completed the launch of our Genius retail and restaurant point of sale platforms globally, fully revamped the sales organization through our Salesforce of the Future initiative, and will be a far more nimble and agile business with a customer-led and product-centric mindset focused on speed and quality of product development. Leveraging our new operating model, Global Payments and Worldpay will be better positioned competitively in the market with a durable business structure, increased investment capacity, significant runway for growth, and an enhanced ability to deliver sustainable performance. As a combined company, we will have significant scale, processing nearly $4 trillion in annual volume across 100 billion transactions, significant merchant coverage serving millions of merchants and thousands of platform and software partners, comprehensive capability scanning physical card-present environments to global e-commerce and extensive global reach across 175 countries with the sales force of over 4,000 professionals. We will be capable of providing end-to-end service across the entire merchant journey, from onboarding through transaction processing to settlement, reconciliation, and business intelligence, and all of this is supported by our global distribution and service infrastructure. We will enhance our managed PayFac capabilities, which will broaden our leading integrated offerings, allowing us to support a wider array of operating models for software, marketplace, and platform partners. Together, Global Payments and Worldpay's singular merchant focus and significant scale will enable us to accelerate innovation to further differentiate and compete. Unlike new entrants who often build around narrow solutions, the combined company will offer the full spectrum of highly innovative products powered by best-in-class technology with scaled processing economics, while delivering enterprise-grade reliability, security, and compliance that stands apart. Now, I'll hand it over to Bob to discuss the Worldpay business, details regarding our revenue synergy opportunities, and more specifics relating to our approach to integration. Bob?
Bob Cortopassi: Thanks, Cameron. Worldpay has made significant progress and has improved its growth profile under GTCR's ownership. It's also continued to invest meaningfully in its leading capabilities and is delivering strong growth across a highly diversified set of verticals and geographies spanning 175 countries. Worldpay manages its business across three channels today, e-commerce and enterprise, platforms, and SMB. In e-commerce and enterprise, Worldpay has enhanced its technology and product depth across alternative payment methods, FX solutions, payouts, marketplaces, authorization optimization, analytics and fraud and risk management, better positioning the business in terms of breadth and depth in the industry. They're also delivering differentiated capabilities to help enterprises manage payment orchestration in multi-acquirer scenarios, solving for a critical customer need while giving additional insight and opportunities to expand wallet share. Today, this business accounts for 50% of Worldpay's revenue and is delivering growth in the high-single-digits. Turning to their platforms business through Payrix, Worldpay brings a versatile integrated offering that meets the unique needs of software and platform partners with a modern and flexible service platform. With this offering, Worldpay is having great success attracting high-growth partners looking for additional flexibility, more control of the customer experience, and faster onboarding and implementation relative to more traditional referral models. They are competing well, including against newer entrants. This business generates over $300 million in revenue today and is growing north of 20%. In total, Worldpay has 1,400 omnichannel software partners across a diversified set of verticals, including health services, restaurants, automotive, personal and professional services, government, utilities, and retail. Finally, Worldpay's SMB portfolio has improved through a focus on rebuilding sales capacity, including a relaunch of its direct and FI channels under GTCR. The business has historically lacked a robust product suite, which we complement nicely by bringing our Genius point-of-sale offering and leading commerce enablement solutions to the portfolio. To that end, Worldpay provides us with a large installed base of nearly 1 million SMB customers for distribution to enhance growth. As we've discussed, our businesses are highly complementary, creating meaningful opportunities to drive revenue synergies and accelerate the growth profile of the combined entity. We've identified annual run rate revenue synergies of at least $200 million that we have high conviction in achieving within three years of closing. Let me walk through a few key areas of focus. First, we see a significant opportunity with the e-commerce and enterprise capabilities that Worldpay brings. We can extend these capabilities on an omnichannel basis to the nearly 40 markets where Global Payments has a strong physical presence and Worldpay is primarily virtual. We bring robust local distribution, functionality, and service to complement Worldpay's leading digital offerings. And we can extend Worldpay's rich e-commerce solutions and capabilities to the more than 5 million SMB merchant customers we serve in these markets today. The combined business will have leading capabilities to unlock new enterprise and digital-native opportunities worldwide. Second, we can bring Global Payments commerce enablement solutions, including our Genius point-of-sale technology to Worldpay's core SMB customer base. We will extend our reach with these solutions by leveraging Worldpay's distribution channels, including its FI partnerships with more than 6,000 branches. Third, there is a significant opportunity in integrated and embedded payments. Payrix, coupled with our existing integrated offerings, allows us to serve any software and platform partner across any operating model with best-in-class tailored solutions that meet the evolving needs of integrated and embedded commerce. We view Payrix as a highly complementary accelerator of our own integrated and embedded roadmap. We have a great deal of confidence in our revenue synergy framework. As mentioned, this is a business that we know well and have assessed multiple times over the years, allowing us to have a refined thesis and plan for realizing value. We've conducted extensive diligence and have a clear view on the opportunities to enhance revenue as a combined business. Further, our combined scale and stature also positions us to have visibility into and address opportunities with partners, networks, and clients at a greater level than either business could on a standalone basis. Finally, we recognize the competitive and innovative nature of the industry. Our simplified and dedicated merchant model and combined scale will enable us to accelerate investment in our business to further differentiate and compete, putting more than $1 billion annually in high-priority areas supporting our growth. Specifically, we'll focus our investments on expanding digital-native and omnichannel solutions supporting enterprise, multinational, and marketplace customers, continuing to enhance our Genius point-of-sale features, functionality, and distribution, delivering a premier developer experience with modern embedded capabilities for any operating model, extending our commerce enablement capabilities, including embedded finance, loyalty, payroll and others, and building on our best-in-class service offerings. While we have a proven track record of integrating large acquisitions, delivering on our timelines, and exceeding our synergy goals, our transformation better prepares us to execute on a more fulsome integration approach in this transaction. We will not compromise on our unified operating model, allowing us to focus on fully integrating our two businesses with a single company culture and go-to-market approach beginning day one. We will align around a common brand and commercialization approach to drive value realization, emphasizing revenue growth opportunities while delivering on our expense synergy expectations. At Global Payments, we've already unified our worldwide technology teams and assets into a singular organization. And today, we're leveraging common technology platforms to enable commerce and better experiences for our clients and partners. This includes the orchestration layer we recently acquired, which allows us to extend and distribute products more easily across platforms and geographies seamlessly. Worldpay has been on its own technology modernization journey. The business is built around a single access API architecture, which will be able to meet all of our combined merchants and partners' needs with vertical specificity and global capabilities, in addition to standardized reporting, settlements, and data feeds. We'll integrate our commerce enablement and broad product offerings with Worldpay's single-in, single-out architecture, providing for rapid and seamless delivery of innovative solutions to delight their existing customers and partners. At the same time, we'll also embed additional capabilities into our architecture coming from Worldpay's e-commerce, risk and fraud, and payment facilitation platforms. In sum, we have a clear view to integration execution, leadership resources identified, and work streams ready to launch. We're fully prepared to hit the ground running immediately upon close to ensure strong execution. Now, I'll hand it over to Josh.
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Bob. At our Investor Conference in September, we outlined our medium-term outlook. Starting with 2025, we forecasted mid-single-digit adjusted net revenue growth, excluding dispositions, and 50 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. We are pleased that year-to-date, we are tracking in line with this expectation. We also said that in 2025, we would be focused on executing on our strategy and operational transformation agenda that would in turn position us to drive accelerated growth in 2026 and 2027. Specifically, over these two years, we indicated we had confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable mid- to high-single-digit adjusted net revenue growth and consistent adjusted operating margin expansion between 50 basis points and 100 basis points per year. I would highlight that our outlook for the Merchant business on a standalone basis was and remains consistent with these targets and the progress we have already made on our transformation initiatives reinforce our confidence in this trajectory today. Turning to Worldpay, you just heard from Bob about the strides that have and continue to be made under the ownership of GTCR. We currently expect the Worldpay business to deliver top-line growth and margin expansion, relatively consistent with the guidance we have provided for Global Payments in 2025, as well as in 2026 and 2027, as it executes against its own initiatives to accelerate growth. This is also consistent with the recent trends they have experienced in their business. They are a solidly mid-single-digit grower today and on a trajectory to continue to improve that over the next several years. And by combining our two businesses, we expect to drive substantial synergy benefits. Bob just covered the revenue potential we have together, including the meaningful cross-selling opportunities enabled by our highly complementary solutions and global scale, which we expect will drive at least $200 million of annual run rate revenue synergies over three years. And on the expense side, we have a clear line of sight to approximately $600 million of annual run rate cost synergies that we expect to achieve within three years of closing. Roughly a third of the savings will be derived from consolidating our combined technology infrastructure into a singular focused organization and eliminating duplicative vendor and software spend. Another third of expense savings will come from aligning our business operations, including consolidating support infrastructure, streamlining transaction processing environments, and optimizing our global facility footprint. The remaining third of cost synergies will be derived from eliminating duplicative corporate infrastructure, which includes realizing economies of scale across corporate and administrative functions. Through these synergies and the execution of our strategy, we expect to materially transform the long-term financial profile of this business while also enhancing our medium-term outlook. Specifically, we now have a clear line of sight to accelerate revenue growth in 2026 and high single-digit growth in 2027 with margin expansion of 100 basis points to 200 basis points in both years, which is double our original target of 50 basis points to 100 basis points. This transaction is also accretive day one and supports an uplift of our adjusted EPS growth targets to mid-teens over the medium-term, compared to our initial target of low-teens growth. Importantly, we believe this strong earnings accretion framework is sustainable long-term. Turning to capital allocation. The ability to invest in innovation will be significantly greater as we will maintain capital spending at 7% to 8% of adjusted net revenue. That translates to reinvesting more than $1 billion annually back into the business. And as Cameron mentioned, that is entirely focused on Merchant Solutions after the closing of the transaction. We also continue to expect to return roughly $7 billion in capital to shareholders from 2025 to 2027, largely consistent with what we outlined at our Investor Conference last September. Importantly, by 2028, our annual and run rate levered free cash flow and total capital return expectations will be nearly 50% higher than they would have been if we had not executed these transactions. This will provide us greater flexibility to invest in growth and return meaningfully more capital to shareholders. And at the same time, we will be disciplined with regard to leverage and are committed to reducing our net leverage to 3 times, which we expect to achieve within 18 to 24 months of closing. This leverage level supports our investment grade credit ratings long-term, while still providing ample capacity to invest for the future and drive shareholder value. As you can see, this transaction cements our growth profile, accelerates profitability, and enhances our long-term capital allocation commitments. Ultimately, this is why we have such conviction that the transaction will unlock value for our shareholders. Now, let me quickly provide the highlights of our financial performance for the first quarter. Overall, we continue to execute well, and our results were consistent with our expectations despite heightened macroeconomic uncertainty. We delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.2 billion, reflecting constant currency growth of over 5%, excluding dispositions. Specifically, the disposition of AdvancedMD and our exit of certain non-core markets in Asia Pacific had an approximately 3-point impact to overall growth, while unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates were over a point headwind for the quarter. Trends were fairly consistent throughout the quarter, and we saw a limited change in consumer spending patterns during the period and into April. With that said, we are closely monitoring the ongoing tariff negotiations and their potential impact on the global economy. However, I would highlight that we are a well-diversified business, both from geographic and vertical market perspectives, and across a wide range of discretionary and non-discretionary categories, and are well-positioned to navigate through the current environment. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 70 basis points or 40 basis points excluding dispositions. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.69, including share-based compensation, an increase of 11% on a constant currency basis. Excluding share-based compensation, adjusted earnings per share was $2.82. Taking a closer look at performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.69 billion for the first quarter, reflecting growth of 6% on a constant currency basis, excluding dispositions. The disposition of AdvancedMD and our exit of certain non-core markets in Asia Pacific had approximately 4-point impact on reported growth in the quarter. Similar to the total company impact, currency was over 1-point headwind to Merchant Solutions' growth. This performance was driven by our POS and software and integrated and embedded businesses, both of which achieved high-single-digit growth. Core payments grew mid-single-digits during the quarter, which includes absorbing our exit of certain lines of business and wholesale relationships. As a reminder, this results in lower GAAP revenues and lower residual adjustments to arrive at our adjusted net revenue. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 47.8% in the Merchant segment, an increase of 80 basis points compared to the prior year. Issuer Solutions' adjusted revenues were $529 million, an increase of 3% on a constant currency basis. This performance marks a slight improvement sequentially, driven by consumer card volumes, while commercial card volumes remain consistent as corporates continue to take a more cautious approach to spending. Issuer Solutions delivered an adjusted operating margin of 46.3%, a decrease of 50 basis points compared to the prior year, driven by the softer commercial volumes and ongoing investments in modernization. We added a total of 15 million traditional accounts on file this quarter, executing two large portfolio implementations for existing customers. We also executed four multi-year renewals during the period. From a cash flow standpoint, we produced solid adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of approximately $512 million, representing a roughly 77% conversion rate of adjusted net income to adjusted free cash flow. We expect our adjusted free cash flow conversion for the year to follow a similar trajectory as 2024 as we benefit from seasonality resulting in a higher conversion rate as the year progresses. As a reminder, this quarter, we changed the presentation of cash flows for settlement assets and obligations and certain funds held for customers. Moving to changes in these items from operating to financing cash flows. We invested $128 million in capital expenditures during the quarter, and we continue to target capital spending of $780 million for the year, which is 8% of adjusted net revenue. Our net leverage position was under 3.2 times at the end of the first quarter. We executed share repurchases of approximately $450 million in the quarter. Our balance sheet remains extremely healthy and we ended the period with approximately $3.8 billion of available liquidity. Our total indebtedness is 94% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.5%. Turning to the outlook for 2025. We are reaffirming our outlook for adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted earnings per share. Specifically, we currently expect constant currency adjusted net revenue growth of 5% to 6% over 2024, excluding dispositions. We continue to expect dispositions will impact reported adjusted net revenue by over 300 basis points. We now expect the headwind from foreign currency exchange rates to be just over 100 basis points for the year, roughly 50 basis points lower than the 175 basis point impact we guided to previously, given the recent weakening of the US dollar. We expect the impact to be relatively consistent across our Merchant and Issuer businesses. We are forecasting annual adjusted operating margin to expand approximately 50 basis points for 2025, excluding the effect of dispositions. At the segment level, we continue to expect our Merchant business to deliver adjusted net revenue growth of roughly 6% on a constant currency basis, excluding dispositions for the full year. We still expect roughly 50 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for this business, excluding dispositions in 2025. Moving to Issuer Solutions. We continue to anticipate adjusted net revenue growth in the roughly 4% range on a constant currency basis for the full year compared to 2024. We expect adjusted operating margin for the Issuer business to expand by approximately 50 basis points in 2025. In terms of quarterly phasing, we still expect modestly higher growth in the second half relative to the first half of the year as our transformation initiatives ramp, and as we lap the renewal cycle with many of our large Issuer customers and see increased benefits from conversion activity over the course of 2025. We continue to anticipate adjusted free cash flow conversion will be greater than 90% for the full year. Regarding capital allocation. As we communicated when we announced the Worldpay and Issuer Solutions transaction, we are focused on being 3.5 times net levered at close, but we'll remain opportunistic with regards to share repurchases over the balance of the year. And if we execute additional divestitures, the proceeds will continue to be used to enhance shareholder returns. And finally, we still expect to be approximately 3 times net levered at the end of 2025. Putting it all together, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share growth of 10% to 11% for the full year on a constant currency basis. We expect adjusted EPS growth to be consistent with the quarterly phasing dynamics I highlighted. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Josh. I hope you now have a clear appreciation for why we are so incredibly excited about the Worldpay acquisition and how the announced transactions will sharpen our strategic focus, accelerate our transformation, and meaningfully enhance our financial profile and ability to deliver sustainable performance. Importantly, this aligns exactly with the approach we outlined for unlocking value at our Investor Conference last September. At the end of the day, the divestiture of Issuer Solutions and acquisition of Worldpay represents a unique opportunity to catalyze our transformation in a more significant way, while supporting our efforts to streamline and simplify our business to accelerate longer-term growth and value creation. Worldpay could not be a better fit for our Merchant business and our strategy. It is a highly complementary business that expands our global footprint, broadens our product base, enhances our go-to-market, diversifies our business across an SMB and enterprise customer base, and overall makes us a stronger and more durable commerce solutions provider built for the long run. And our transformation agenda provides the ideal foundation for the combined business going forward. Over the next year, while we are working to close the transaction, we will continue to progress the key transformation initiatives that serve to make us a more nimble and agile organization with a product-led customer-centric mindset, while also preparing to execute on the Worldpay integration. We have high conviction in and line of sight to the cost savings as well as the revenue synergies from the acquisition, particularly from enhancement opportunities fueled by our complementary solutions and scale. We will approach this integration differently than we have in the past, with an uncompromising plan for aligning our operating model, fully unifying our businesses, and value realization. We are exiting the quarter on a strong footing and have confidence in our 2025 and medium-term outlook. I want to thank our entire team for their hard work and dedication to our clients and business. We could not be more excited about the combination of Global Payments and Worldpay and look forward to bringing this transaction to close. This combination enhances our competitive strengths, opens new opportunities, and accelerates our growth trajectory, while maximizing value creation and amplifying our capital return expectations.
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. Thank you. So, I wanted to ask one on the standalone business and then one on the pro forma business. On the standalone side, we've got the Genius product launch teed-up here, obviously, just a couple of weeks away. Can you talk about the rollout plan in terms of, let's call it, pull versus push? We know that Genius is going to ultimately replace quite a few legacy platforms, but how are you going to lean into the rollout in terms of front book versus back book? And then, how you're thinking about managing potential back book attrition risk in conjunction with Genius conversion?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Jason, thanks. It's Cameron. I'll start and then ask Bob to maybe dig in with a few more specifics. So, look, as you can imagine, we're particularly excited about the rollout of Genius coming out here in a couple of weeks, and obviously over the balance of the year. We put a lot of time and energy and investment into bringing this to life. And obviously, it's a core underpinning of where we want to drive the business longer-term and supports a lot of the growth expectations that we have for the business. I would say in the short-term, our focus is predominantly on the front book. I think we're building a lot of excitement around the release of the product, early sort of demonstrations with dealers, some specific clients. Obviously, there's a lot of excitement and I think energy around the capabilities that we're bringing to market through the platform. So, in the short-term, it's largely going to be making sure that we're attacking the opportunity we see on the front book. Over time, naturally, we want to continue to work the back book as well. Naturally, as clients are ready to make a transition, we'll be there to support them, and we're investing in pathways to make it easy to convert from existing legacy environments that we operate today to the new Genius platform. But certainly in the short to medium term, it's largely a front-book focus and then over time, we're going to continue to work the back-book. Interestingly, and not to weave too much into Worldpay as well, obviously, we have an amazing front-book opportunity leveraging Worldpay distribution as well. So, once we get to close, one of our early plans will be to light up Genius to be able to distribute it quickly through their distribution platforms. And then, of course, we have a good back-book opportunity there with their 1 million existing kind of SMB merchants as well. So that's kind of the near-term focus, how we think about front and back book, but I'll turn it over to Bob maybe to provide a little more specificity around our specific plans and approach.
Bob Cortopassi: Yeah. Thanks, Cameron. Thanks, Jason. Great question. I think the only thing I would add is to go back to the way that you framed it originally around pull versus push versus front book and back book, although they're related. I think that we view the initial rollout as a pull-based offering primarily, and largely that is going to come from front-book opportunities. But we also have back-book clients who are very excited about the opportunity to move to Genius and we're providing pathways for them to do that. The back book, obviously, is going to sort of happen at customer's own pace. As I've mentioned before, including on the last quarter's call, we don't have plans at this point for any sort of a nuclear conversion experience with clients. We're not forcing people off of the platform that they're operating today. So, we're there for them as they're ready to migrate on their own sort of timetable. The other part around attrition, I think, look, I don't want to be arrogant about this, but I see very little reason for customers to want to attrit relative specifically to the Genius rollout. This provides nothing but good news for them. It's more capabilities, it's a more modern platform, there's new hardware that's been designed bespoke to meet some key customer needs, market needs, and support the software well. So, there's nothing but good things in it for them and we're not forcing them, as I mentioned, off of their legacy solutions until they're ready to go.
Jason Kupferberg: Very helpful. And then, my kind of pro forma Worldpay question, really just two pieces there. One, can you clarify if the improved revenue growth at Worldpay over the past year has been all organic? And then, can you just touch on kind of your specific share buyback assumptions for both 2026 and 2027? I'm just looking at that mid-teens EPS growth rate. I'm wondering if that same growth rate applies to both years or is that more of a CAGR, just as we think about the need to kind of delever at least year one post-close? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Jason, very good questions. I'll maybe take the first and turn it over to Josh to provide a little more detail on the share repurchase expectations for '26 and '27 and how we think about that in the context of delevering as well. But as it relates to Worldpay, it's purely organic. Obviously, over the course of the last couple of years, they've made significant investments in their e-com and enterprise business. We're seeing very good fundamental growth trends in that business that obviously excite us. That's 50% of their business today, and obviously highly complementary to what we do as a company, and certainly one of the aspects of the business that we find most attractive. So, they continue to invest meaningfully and I think creating broader technology and product depth across their alternative payment methods, FX solutions, payout marketplaces, authorization optimization, the laundry list of things that they put capital behind that help driving, I think, better outcomes for them organically in that business is pretty impressive. And certainly, the new sales trajectory that we see in that part of the business is also encouraging as we think about future growth potential for the business. We also talked about what they're seeing with the Payrix asset from a managed PayFac perspective, that's obviously been an important driver for growth for the business overall. So, as we said in our prepared remarks, they're solidly a mid-single-digit grower today on a nice trajectory going forward. And obviously, they support our overarching plans as it relates to growth expectations, accelerating in '26 and '27, obviously, getting to that high-single-digit level in '27 as we talked about on the call this morning. With that, I'll turn it over to Josh to maybe cover the second part of your question.
Josh Whipple: Yeah, thanks, Jason. So, look, at Investor Conference, we talked about returning $7.5 billion of capital to shareholders over '25 to '27. And as we said when we announced the transaction, we still expect to go ahead and deliver over $7 billion in capital to shareholders during that time period. Specifically, as it relates to '26 and '27, we expect to go ahead and return well over $2 billion in share repo in '26 and over $3 billion in '27. And so -- and we expect to go ahead and be solidly in that mid-single-digit EPS growth range post-closing of the transaction.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Jason, maybe just put a fine point on a couple of those comments. So, as we think about leverage, obviously, we're targeting to get back to that 3 times leverage in 18 months to 24 months as we talked about. We can do that while also sort of continuing with our capital return plans. Interestingly, in '26 and '27, we actually increased our capital returns by roughly 10% versus our standalone plan. And as you look at '28, as Josh highlighted in his prepared remarks, we see a nearly 50% increase in our capacity to return capital by the time we get to that exit '28 sort of timeframe. So obviously, very bullish and ambitious as it relates to our ability to continue to return meaningful amounts of capital to shareholders. And obviously, we think the transactions we're executing position us well to be able to accelerate and increase that over time.
Bob Cortopassi: Yeah. And the other points that I'd add... [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Sorry. It seems we're having some technical difficulties. Please stand by.
Cameron Bready: We need to dial back in?
Operator: This is the operator. Can you hear me?
Cameron Bready: Yes, we can.
Bob Cortopassi: Yes, we can hear you.
Operator: Okay. I'm sorry. Please continue. You're connected.
Cameron Bready: We're ready for our next question, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for going through all of the merits of the deal again. The one comment that stood out to me, I think it was from Bob talking about the acquired orchestration layer. I'm curious how important that is as we're thinking about minimizing client disruption and helping dictate what platforms survive or to minimize some of the platform decision-making, but I'm sure you'll be taking -- I'm just curious how important that is and how that changes the risk equation on the deal?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron. I'll start, and since I'm not a technologist, I'll let Bob do most of the heavy lifting. But look, as I step back and think about it from a big-picture perspective, we really focus on it through the lens of the client, what's important to the client, and what's important to them is easy access. They want one single integration to be able to light up any product and capability and solution that we can bring to bear on the market. And they also want consolidated reporting, settlement, information coming out of the back end. What happens in the middle is largely irrelevant to them. That's us, for us to manage. And what the orchestration capabilities that we've acquired and continue to build over time and interesting Worldpay is on a very similar path in terms of how they're setting up their architecture, we're providing clients with exactly what they're looking for, easy access into our environment, single integration and being able to access any product and solution that we can bring to bear on the market effectively. And then, taking the complexity out of the situation for them and arming them on the back-end with reporting, settlement, analytics, the capabilities that come out, the backside that make their lives easier from an execution and operating perspective. So, the orchestration capabilities that we've acquired are critical, I think, to accelerating our ability to integrate and bring new product and capability to market, but most importantly, delivering clients the experience that they're looking for from us without having to burden them with obviously everything that happens in between within our own technology environments. I'll let Bob maybe drill into a little bit more of the specifics around how we go about doing that.
Bob Cortopassi: Yeah. I think Cameron covered it really well from the client perspective. The only other thing, Tien-Tsin, that I'd highlight is, this is an amplifier to really everything that we're doing around the tech, the platforms, the product. It flattens the entire internal architecture, at least virtually. So, when you think about leveraging things like AI or Agentic AI, where you need access to data to drive those sort of robotics, the AI and machine learning capabilities, all of those through the orchestration layer allow you to span the entire breadth of platforms that you've got, all of the data that's residing in different places in your architecture without forcing you into some big consolidation exercise to build a giant data lake or to consolidate platforms, you get all of the same benefit of being on a single platform with a single database by having orchestration capabilities even at that middle tier that we're operating sort of silently to the customers. So, it accelerates our ability to deliver a product or a capability across all platforms, all regions, all customer segments very rapidly. And as we think about integrating Worldpay with Global Payments, as Cameron mentioned, they're already been on a modernization journey of their own to create a single entry and a single exit into their platforms, both in terms of integrating into their capabilities as well as the reporting and management infrastructure on the back end. So, when you bring those two together, this is a much simpler, much quicker sort of technology integration roadmap than really any of us have seen in years past.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. That's good to know. Thanks for going through that. I don't know if it's okay to ask a follow-up -- to ask a quick one, if that's okay. Just on the outlook on Global Payments overall in terms of dispositions, and I know some Asia subscale geographies were addressed. Is there still more to go there? Are you mostly done at this point given the focus on the upcoming deal? Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, it's a great question, Tien-Tsin. And at the Investor Conference in September, we highlighted that we're targeting somewhere in the neighborhood of $500 million to $600 million of sort of revenue dispositions over the next couple of years as we work to continue to streamline and simplify our business. Today, we've done about $300 million. So, we have a little bit to go to get to that target that we had outlined previously, and that still remains kind of in our plans as we look to streamline the portfolio around the business that we want to operate as a go-forward matter. So, I think the fair expectation is there's likely a little bit more to come on that front. But, obviously, the work we've done to date, I think, has been impactful in obviously trying to simplify the business and focus on areas where we are a scale player with the right capability to drive better growth outcomes longer term.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you for the update, everyone.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Frisch: Hey, thanks, guys. With the Genius platform rolling out in the next couple of weeks, I just wanted to get an update on a couple of things here. Can you provide an update on the stage that you're at with regard to the rebrand on the technology side? How much of the original integration initiative is complete and what's left to do? And then, Bob, if you could speak to where you are in the sales force reorg both within GPN and where you are with what you're doing to secure the Worldpay sales resources? And then, I have a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Adam, thanks for the question. I'll start and turn it over to Bob to cover some more details, and particularly, the second part of your question. But as it relates to the sort of rebrand exercise, we're continuing to march forward to align global payments around a common brand internally and externally. And certainly, the Genius platform, aligning all of our point-of-sale around the Genius platform brand is a core element of that. As we talked about earlier, we're watching that sort of officially "in a couple of weeks" and then are working to align all of our existing product capabilities in the POS space around that Genius brand, that's going to be happening over the balance of the year. The goal is obviously to align as much of Global Payments around a common brand as we can, leading up to the Worldpay closing, at which time we'll have a common brand also for the combined business as a go-forward matter. That's important to us as we think about immediately sort of bringing the two businesses together. I'll let Bob maybe cover the progress that we've made on the Salesforce of the Future initiative, and where that stands in its evolution.
Bob Cortopassi: Yeah, Adam. So, if you'll remember, as we talked about this a couple of times, the Salesperson of the Future initiatives that we had stacked, they start with aligning the sales teams, and that work is done. We've got single leadership by region of the sales force that's going to market in a unified way. We've got segmentation around enterprise and SMB, where we still play in enterprise and omni to an extent. In the SMB channel, we've organized around in Americas and Rest of World, and that covers our direct sales, our indirect sales, our FI partnerships, all of that. That work is complete and that's been complete for at least a quarter or so. The second major component was aligning around compensation and incentive structures to ensure that we're rewarding our salespeople well and we're driving the right behaviors. That work is also complete. And then, the third leg of the stool was really around capabilities and force multipliers for our sales team, things like consolidated CRM, sales training, upskilling around the ability to sell software, not just traditional payments, expanding our sales teams in certain areas, and all of those initiatives are well underway. And I think we're very encouraged by what we're seeing so far. Our salespeople are very excited about access to new capabilities to sell into the markets where they were already operating. Our sales teams are excited about the new incentive plan and structure that allows them to get multipliers in their plan and earn more as they bundle sell and provide more holistic solutions to the customers that they're working with. So, we feel really good about this. We mentioned there might be some bumps in the road, and we definitely have had challenges to work through over the past six to nine months as we've been on this journey, but we feel really good about progress. And as we exit Q1, March was really the best sales month of the quarter, and we see a strong pipeline both in terms of the marketing and lead funnel as well as the opportunities that are actively being worked by our team. As it relates to Worldpay, I think there's great news there as well. If you look at all three segments of the Worldpay business, whether it's the enterprise and e-com, the platforms integrated business or the kind of core SMB business, every one of them sold more and are on an improved growth trajectory from '23 into '24 and then from '24 into '25. So, we see them operating a more successful and a more effective sales force than they have in the past. In terms of securing the teams, look, I mean, I've been in this business for a really long time and what salespeople care about are having strong solutions that they can show up and feel good about representing to their clients that meet their needs in the market and earning potential that allows them to be rewarded for their efforts. And I think both of those are addressed as part of this transaction, more fulsome capabilities, a rich reward and compensation program and really the opportunity to grow with a business that's got a footprint around the globe with lots of different customer demographics and lots of products that span the spectrum from SMB to enterprise and vertical software.
Cameron Bready: And Adam, the only thing I would add to that is, as we've talked about many times, Worldpay business and their distribution channels are very much complementary to what we bring to market today, from a product as well as distribution perspective. So, we think the distribution is additive across the two businesses. We're not worried about sort of retaining distribution capabilities because again, we don't see really areas where we overlap with to a large degree today.
Adam Frisch: Right. Okay. Great color there. If I could just squeeze in one more, because revenue growth is obviously so important to the current and the go-forward. Can you provide some color on the components of your revenue growth and that of Worldpay to the extent that you have that insight into that? How much came from organic volume growth in new services and how much came from pricing increases? Thanks, guys.
Josh Whipple: Yeah, thanks, Adam. So, I'll address that. Look, Adam, just given the characteristics of the pro forma business, we have great conviction in the targets that we established for our medium-term outlook. Specifically, we expect our top-line growth to accelerate in 2026 and to be in that high-single-digit range in 2027. And as we talked about, as we think about our medium-term outlook, we expect our adjusted operating margins to expand 100 basis points to 200 basis points, which will translate into growth into that mid-teen. So -- and I think it's also important to note that on the combined business, we'll generate more than $4 billion of adjusted free cash flow annually versus the $3 billion we were targeting on a standalone basis, which we talked about. And then, importantly, I think in '28, pro forma for the transactions will increase our free cash flow by approximately $5 billion, which is 50% higher than what we expected on a standalone basis, and which will allow us to return more than $4 billion to shareholders in '28, which is also 50% higher, so -- while also maintaining that 3 times leverage point. So look, the combined businesses will absolutely go ahead and accelerate the growth profile of the business, give us more scale, and allow us to go ahead and return more capital to shareholders.
Cameron Bready: And Adam, the only thing I would add to that is, if you just look at the underlying revenue growth expectations, it's really organic across both of the businesses. We're seeing strong sort of new sales production, which obviously is driving a good amount of growth in both businesses. We're seeing stable, I'd say, underlying same store sales trends across both of the businesses. And obviously, pricing remains -- and pricing optimization always remains a component of the overall sort of calculus to driving revenue growth in the business, but I would say for both of the underlying businesses, it's relatively modest and generally in line with kind of past practices around how we think about pricing optimization overall. So, I'd say good, healthy underlying trends overall, and obviously gives us confidence with the outlooks that we provided today, both for Global Payments standalone as well as where we see the combined business growing post-close.
Josh Whipple: The only other thing I'd say is what we said, Adam, is our top-line growth and margin expansion is relatively consistent with the guidance that we provided for Global in '25 and in '26 and '27, and those are the trends that we've been seeing in the business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Ryan on for Ramsey. Thanks for squeezing me in for the question today. You touched on it briefly, but could you provide some additional color on how Global Payments can handle recessionary pressures, especially now as a pure-play merchant business? How is this different from the past? Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. It's Cameron. I'll maybe cover that. So, look, as I step back and think about the business today and then think about the pro forma business, which, again, we expect that to close sometime in the first half of 2026, so certainly, as we think about the short-term, we're really thinking about in the context of the business we're running today. We think we're well situated to be able to manage effectively through any sort of macroeconomic environment. I think we have a demonstrated track record of being able to do that. We have a business today on the merchant side that's highly diversified across geographic markets, highly diversified across vertical markets as it relates to consumer discretionary and non-discretionary verticals. So, as it relates to the core mix of our Merchant business today, again, I think we're well-prepared to be able to manage effectively and drive good financial outcomes through whatever sort of cyclical macroenvironment we may be in. Obviously, the Issuer business is a durable business as well, and in the short term, obviously continues to be a part of our company and provides a little bit of insulation. As we think about the pro-forma business post closing of the transactions, we think we're as equally well prepared to be able to manage any macroenvironment. Obviously, there are characteristics of the Worldpay business that I think are a little more defensive, particularly as it relates to their exposure to big-box retail, grocery, et cetera, that are very durable, despite what underlying macro-environment you may find yourself in. And the sheer size, scale, scope and diversification of the business geographically again across vertical markets, again, things obviously positions, I think a pro forma business to be very, I think, resilient to be able to manage through any sort of downturn in the economy that we may or may not see over time. So, we feel good about the composition of the business, the increased scale, and obviously financial strength and flexibility that we'll have on a pro forma basis. I think gives us a lot of confidence that the model we're building for the long-term is best to be able to manage through any sort of economic environment and drive long-term value creation for shareholders.
Unidentified Analyst: That's great. Thanks. And congrats on the quarter.
Cameron Bready: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Nice job. And I guess my question, SMB volume held up remarkably well. I think you put in there 6% this quarter. I think it was 6% also last quarter in a market where I think all your competitors and industry data showed decel. Maybe could you describe a little maybe -- did you take a little share what dynamics might be playing out in your business that might be a little different than the industry?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Dave, thanks for the question. Look, I think overall, we saw relatively stable trends kind of Q4 to Q1. Obviously, you have a little bit of a leap year impact in Q1, but we were able to kind of grow through that, notwithstanding a little bit of a headwind kind of year-over-year from that. So, look, in the rounding is probably relatively consistent, I would say, versus what others saw in the marketplace more broadly, but we're obviously pleased with kind of the underlying momentum that we have in the first quarter and how that sets us up as we head into Q2 and beyond. We did see pockets internationally that showed a little more strength than we might have anticipated kind of heading into the quarter, which is good news for us and kind of sets us up well, we think, as we head into Q2 and for the balance of the year, as I mentioned before. But overall, look, we feel very good about where the business is. We feel good about the progress we're making on transformation and how that's driving sort of better outcomes, particularly as a go-to-market matter as Bob highlighted earlier. And I think the momentum we have coming out of the quarter again is positive and certainly consistent with the expectations we had for the year and gives us confidence around the things that we're doing and continuing to deliver results as we go forward.
Dave Koning: No, that's great. Thanks, guys.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Chiodo with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Chiodo: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I want to talk a little bit about the Genius product investment from a dollars perspective. If you could just go a little bit about over the past year, few years, how much investment has gone into the Genius product, just so we can compare to some of the investment that we see at others, whether it be Toast or Square? And a little bit about how that [investment] (ph) might change ahead as you have the increased capacity to invest behind the product?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, it's -- Tim, it's Cameron. I'll start and maybe ask Bob to provide a little bit more color as well. Look, as I step back and think about it in a broader context, I think over the course of time, we've been investing heavily in multiple sort of POS platforms across the business. And we talked a little bit about this at our Investor Conference back in September. So, there's been no lack of investment in, I think, our POS capabilities, the feature functionality we're embedding into those environments, and the products that we're bringing to our clients. I think where the challenge probably has been for us more specifically, is just around the ability to amplify that investment more broadly across our business and really focus that investment on singular platforms where we're building capabilities once. We're amplifying them more broadly, and we're able to bring them to market more effectively to drive better outcomes for us as a growth matter and to drive better outcomes for our clients over the long term. So, as I think about investment in the business, we've been investing well in our POS. We believe very strongly in the feature functionality and capabilities that we have. The focus of investment over the last six to nine months and will be going forward is harmonizing that investment into single platforms that allow us to bring all of the capability that we've been able to build over a longer period of time to market in easily accessible retail and restaurant platforms to serve all the different markets around the globe where we want to be able to bring the Genius platform to bear. And that's really a focus from an investment perspective. We think we have highly competitive feature functionality that competes with all of the best-of-breed sort of POS solutions in the market. Now, it's harmonizing that investment, harmonizing those features and capabilities, and driving again two single platforms that support our ambitions from a POS perspective globally. Bob, I don't know if you'd add anything to that.
Bob Cortopassi: Only one thing. And I think Cameron hinted at this, but the reality is we see this as an accelerator. The last six to nine months has been about harmonizing platforms and there's still a little bit of that work certainly to do in the next couple of quarters. But over the mid to long-term, we see this as an accelerator of innovation without meaningfully having to change the raw number of dollars that we're investing into the platforms. If you have to cut it five ways versus cut it one-way, you immediately get an acceleration in the pace of investment in innovation. And then, I would just say pro-forma, as you think about combining with the Worldpay business with $1 billion to invest -- more than $1 billion to invest back in the business, this is one of the top growth areas for us. It's one of the top innovation areas. And it's going to remain one of the top investment areas for the business as we bring the two businesses together.
Cameron Bready: And I think if I could just add to that, Tim, I think Bob touches on a really good point and it's one of the elements of the transaction that we're most excited about, which is, look, this ability to blend innovation and scale. Obviously, the combination of Global Payments and Worldpay gives us significant more investment capacity in the business, but more importantly, allows us to amplify that investment in -- to accelerate outcomes around innovation, feature functionality, product capability we can bring to market and marrying that with a level of scale that's really, I think, impressive and hard to wrap your head around just in terms of the sheer scale benefits that come from $4 trillion of processing volume annually over $100 billion transactions. So that combination, I think, is really powerful. And as we think about where the market is going over the long-term, the ability to blend innovation and scale in this way, I think, is going to drive certainly better outcomes for our business long-term.
Timothy Chiodo: Great. Thank you, both Cameron and Bob. Appreciate the answers.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Tim.
Bob Cortopassi: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question this morning comes from the line of Andrew Schmidt with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Schmidt: Hi, Cameron, Bob, Josh. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. I wanted to go back to maybe something you said a moment ago, Cameron. A, obviously, you said two important elements of the transaction are scale, and then innovation and scale is the obvious point. And then innovation, obviously, with the transformation plus the ability to invest more is pretty compelling. But if you could put a finer point on how you manage product across SMB and enterprise, and how we get to that faster product innovation, a few more details there would be extremely helpful. Thank you so much.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, it's a really great question, Andrew. I'm glad you asked it. I'm going to paint maybe a bigger picture for you, and I'll ask Bob to jump in with some more specifics. But if I step back and think about long term, in the context of doing this deal, what was our thought process? Where do we see the industry heading? And what was important to us as we thought about putting the two businesses together? There's a few key themes that I certainly want to highlight, and I think it really relates to the question you're asking. First and foremost is, look, I think the expectations for enterprise and SMB customers are going to converge over time. There are capabilities today that are largely only available to larger enterprise businesses that SMBs are going to want to avail themselves of, and there's going to be more demand for those. So, the ability to blend I think product and capability across enterprise and SMB is a really critical strategic driver for the business long-term. Secondly, I think digital-native commerce will continue to accelerate. And obviously, having the best-in-class tools to be able to support digital-native commerce globally is really critical to how we want to be able to position the business. Having the types of FX, authorization rate, optimization capabilities, alternative payment mechanisms, all of the things that sort of large digital-native clients are looking for that are feature-rich solutions that Worldpay is able to bring to market, I think what's important for us as we move forward is digital commerce continues to grow, and we want to be able to scale those capabilities down into more of the SMB space as well. And the third key trend I would highlight is embedded commerce models will further evolve. And I think having a broader set of tools to be able to manage whatever software platform marketplace partners are looking for with operating models that are highly tailored to meet their specific needs, go-to-market strategies, and product sets, I think is really critical. So, as we step back and thought about where is the industry going longer term and what are the key trends we want to position ourselves around, the Worldpay transaction enhances, I think, our ability to be able to attack in a positive way, of course. These trends that we see developing over time and better positions this business long-term to be able to drive better growth outcomes, better value creation for our shareholders, et cetera. So look, the ability to blend our solutions to be able to bring product and capability across the full spectrum of merchants, enterprise to SMB is critical. The ability to better serve digital-native as that continues to be a market trend that we think will continue to accelerate over time is critical, and the ability to be able to serve any type of software platform partner with any operating model with all the tools and capabilities they need to grow and scale their business is critical. And we're certainly very pleased with how the pro forma business is going to be situated to attract those trends for the long-term, and obviously, it was a core part of how we thought about the -- as we thought about the business. And I think it's really relevant to your question regarding innovation investment, product capability, et cetera, because it was an important underlying thesis for putting the two businesses together. Bob, do you want to talk a little bit more just about how we think about managing that, certainly as a standalone business today, but more importantly, as a combined company?
Bob Cortopassi: Yeah. Andrew, I think the way that we think about product today, there are technology stacks, platforms, et cetera, that are common and provide common capabilities, whether you're in SMB, whether you're in enterprise, whether you're in an integrated and embedded or a platform-style business. And we have centralized product management and oversight over those. There are also things that are specific to a vertical, sometimes capabilities that are specific to a geography, and we want to be able to react quickly to the market, pivot quickly, and innovate quickly. And so, we have product capabilities that are close to those verticals and those geographies, whether they're SMB or enterprise or whether you slice it a different way, what might be specific to an education vertical could be different than what you need in a health services vertical. And so, we have product people and capabilities very close to the market. I want to, I guess, double-click really quickly on a point that Cameron made about enterprise capabilities coming down market. I've been in this business in software and payments for 30 years, and one consistent theme is that what the enterprise players get today is what the mid-market wants tomorrow and SMB wants next week. And if I guess -- if you bear with me on a quick story, this is part of the DNA at Global Payments, is bringing complicated enterprise functionality down to consumable and easy-to-use feature functionality for SMBs. If you rewind the clock 15, 16, 17 years ago, Visa had a fantastic account updater feature that took cards on file and refreshed them when they became stale. When somebody lost a card or it was stolen, it was reissued, and they had about 100 customers worldwide who were using it, because it was hard to integrate, it was expensive to operate. And we built a service that democratized that for the small and mid-market, that made it something that they could consume. That's the same sort of approach that we're taking with enterprise digital-native capabilities today as the world becomes more and more omnichannel as we talked about at Investor Day and since, it's important not just for digital-native businesses, but for all businesses to have a digital online presence. And we think Worldpay's capabilities accelerate our ability and enhance our ability to deliver that not only at the enterprise level, but also throughout the entire stack of merchant demographics.
Andrew Schmidt: Super helpful. Very thoughtful response. And I completely agree in terms of the convergence and democratization opportunity we've seen over time in payments that will continue to play out. If I could ask just one quick follow-up, just a blocking and tackling macro question. It was really good to see the sort of reiteration of the sort of the cadence this year in terms of better performance in the back half. Can you just talk about just the classic kind of macro question in terms of what's embedded? Is there sensitivity? I know you typically bake some macro volatility into the outlook, but if you could put a finer point on that, that would be helpful for everyone. Thanks so much.
Josh Whipple: Yeah. Andrew, this is Josh. So look, I think similar to kind of what you've heard from others, that we saw the consumer continues to remain resilient. And as it relates to the overall outlook, we are assuming that spending trends remain very, very consistent to kind of what we have saw coming out of the quarter and we'll continue to see in April. Look, the macro backdrop has obviously created a little bit more uncertainty, but right now, we're assuming a stable macro through the balance of the year.
Andrew Schmidt: All right. Thank you, Josh.
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Andrew.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Andrew. And with that, we'll conclude our call for this morning. I do want to thank everybody for joining us, particularly joining us early. So, thank you for getting up early to be with us today. We apologize for running a bit long this morning, but as you can tell, we had a good deal that we wanted to share with you and to make sure that we got across in our call today. We look forward to continuing to update you on progress as we bring these transformational transactions to close. And importantly, we also look forward to a seamless integration of Worldpay and unlocking the full potential of this combination as we continue to drive the evolution of commerce worldwide. So, thank you again for your interest in Global Payments. And we look forward to following up with you over the next several days. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Conference Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations, that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measures, in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental material available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call is our CEO, Cameron Bready; our President and COO, Bob Cortopassi; and our CFO, Josh Whipple. Now I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Winnie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We are proud of all that we accomplished in 2024. It was a pivotal year for Global Payments as we launched our broad transformation agenda to set the future course for our business, while also delivering strong operational and financial performance. We started our transformation journey by reimagining our mission, vision and values: To provide the organization with a clear view of our priorities and desired culture, setting the foundation for us to pursue our ambition to be the worldwide partner of choice for commerce solutions. We then refreshed our strategy to focus our efforts and investments in the area of the business that will drive the most attractive opportunities for growth and where we are best positioned to compete and win. From there, we undertook a holistic review of our business to determine how to best position the organization to execute against our refocused strategy and deliver sustainable performance. We used the first principles approach to examining growth drivers, market positioning, go-to-market capabilities, product portfolios and the potential to optimize our assets. This review led to a realignment of our operating model and business structure, as well as the operational transformation program that we described at our investor conference in September. We are continuing to execute against a significant number of initiatives that will create meaningful benefits and provide us with incremental capacity for reinvestment to drive growth and quite simply, run a better business. While executing on our transformation, we have continued to deliver strong financial performance. For the fourth quarter, we produced 6.5% constant currency growth, excluding dispositions, including over 7% in the Merchant business and 3% in our Issuer business, an acceleration sequentially from Q3 and consistent with the outlook we provided in October. And for the full year, we delivered 6% adjusted net revenue growth, record adjusted operating margins and double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth, consistent with our initial outlook detailed at the beginning of 2024 despite the incremental FX headwinds absorbed. We also generated roughly $3 billion of adjusted free cash flow and returned $1.8 billion to shareholders, including proceeds from the recent divestiture of our AdvancedMD business. Our consistent performance throughout the year highlights the durability of our model and the benefits of our sharpened focus as we execute on our strategic priorities. In our Merchant segment, our POS and software business continues to deliver strong results. Our POS solutions are robust and are winning in the restaurant and retail verticals as evidenced by the high teens new locations growth we achieved in 2024. Our POS growth benefited from the strong performance of our direct channel in North America where notably, we saw a roughly 25% increase in the annual recurring revenue opportunity with new customers. And we could not be more excited about the significant opportunity ahead as we consolidate our products and platforms under the Genius brand and extend them globally. Notably, we expanded our relationship with one of the largest multinational QSRs in the fourth quarter to include drive-thru solutions in addition to our existing kitchen management partnership that spans several thousand locations in North America. We also expanded our long-standing partnership as the primary technology partner for Whataburger, which now includes cloud POS, kiosks and menu boards. Additionally, we continue to have success in the stadium and events vertical and are excited to have reached an agreement with Kai Tak Sports Park, Hong Kong's new state-of-the-art multipurpose sports and entertainment venue. We also renewed and expanded our POS partnership with a multinational entertainment company to support its major events in the U.K. and Ireland over a multiyear period. Importantly, our relationship will now include our loyalty solutions, enabling reward offers and personalized experiences for event attendees. Other notable new stadium POS relationships achieved in 2024 include the Newcastle, Birmingham City and, Nottingham Forest football clubs as well as an expanded partnership with Blackpool, which now includes PayLink solutions, ticketing services, kiosk and QR code ordering in addition to POS and payments. And of course, we executed a new partnership with Diamond Baseball Holdings to serve as the official commerce technology partner for its Minor League Baseball franchises in the United States and Canada earlier in 2024. We remain on track to be fully rolled out with our solutions in an additional 19 ballparks across Diamond Club's portfolio for a total of 32 before the 2025 season opens in April. In our education business, new sales with university customers increased more than 30% in 2024, including a number of new significant international wins across the U.K. and Ireland as well as in Canada. We also added 113 new K-12 school districts this year, a roughly 20% increase from 2023. And with the addition of the Los Angeles Unified School District, we now have relationships with the 3 largest school districts in the United States. In the real estate vertical, we signed more than 800 new property management customers during the year while also expanding our partnerships with leading real estate software platform providers like MRI Software, Rent Manager and AppFolio, which will allow us to cross-sell additional products and services to their customers. Turning to integrated and embedded, new ISV partner signings increased 34% across our integrated payments offerings in 2024 compared to the prior year. Notably, we also added 165 international ISV partnerships across the U.K., Asia, Australia and LatAm as we seek to better align our activities and capabilities globally. We also recently expanded our relationship with PayPal to simplify and accelerate the checkout experience by integrating its Fastlane solution into our platform, furthering our efforts to deliver embedded commerce solutions. This collaboration extends the payment choices we can offer across the U.S., allowing our customers to enhance their digital experiences for their consumers. Moving to core payments. Our focus on forming deeper relationships with commerce enablement and outstanding service is driving significant opportunities with both new and existing partners globally. We continue to make strong progress with Commerzbank in Germany and have already boarded over 2,000 merchants since the inception of our joint venture midyear. Additionally, we saw double-digit growth in other key geographies, including Central Europe, Poland and Greece in 2024 as well as in LatAm, where we benefit from strong secular payment trends in Mexico. Shifting to Issuer Solutions, we were pleased with our operational execution throughout the year. We successfully completed 17 customer implementations in 2024 and ended the year with record traditional accounts on file of 885 million. We continue to have a strong conversion pipeline of more than 70 million accounts that extends well into 2026 as well as an additional 6 letters of intent with institutions worldwide. In 2024, we completed 17 multiyear renewals and new customer partnerships. This includes contracts with KeyBanc, Friend Financial and Vancity executed in the fourth quarter in addition to significant agreements with Navy Federal Credit Union, Virgin Money, Citizens, NatWest and several other premier global clients that we announced earlier this year. And over the last few years, we've renewed 15 of our top 20 clients, reflecting the strength of our partnerships and providing us good visibility and stability going forward. We also continue to make substantial progress with our technology modernization program. Development of our client-facing applications was completed in the fourth quarter, consistent with our plan, and we remain on track for full commercial launch in 2025. We have more than a dozen pilots in progress with existing customers and are on track to have 33 client pilots in production this year. We recently achieved certification of our cloud authorization platform with Visa and Mastercard. By the end of 2025, we will be exclusively selling cloud capabilities, paving the way for widespread adoption of these modernized solutions. Across the business, our ambitious transformation agenda will enable us to deliver our rich portfolio of capabilities and solutions through all of our channels in a more frictionless way. While still early days, we are already making great progress across 3 primary focus areas. First, as we discussed at our investor conference, we have identified meaningful opportunities to streamline and simplify the business. In December, we successfully closed on the sale of AdvancedMD we announced last quarter. Further, we are in the process of exiting several small markets in Asia Pacific this quarter, where we are subscale and see limited opportunity for expansion. With these actions, we'll have exited a little more than $300 million of the $500 million to $600 million of adjusted net revenue we targeted through our portfolio review. We are pleased with how these initiatives position us to better focus on where we are differentiated and have the right to win and are continuing to advance other targeted divestitures and exits that will further streamline our business. We have also completed other initiatives designed to simplify our business structure. During the fourth quarter, we successfully acquired CaixaBank stake in our joint venture with Erste Group. This business has achieved exceptional growth over the past decade, and we are excited about the opportunity to capture more of the economics going forward, while simplifying our pan-European operations and governance. We also recently reached an agreement to purchase HSBC stake in our joint venture in Mexico. This creates the opportunity to combine our 2 existing businesses in Mexico, allowing us to harmonize our go-to-market strategy, drive better scale, amplify investments and increase efficiencies. Second, we are working to fully unlock the growth potential of our best capabilities while leveraging all of our distribution networks across the globe. To accomplish this, we have reoriented our business under a single unified operating model and have successfully consolidated our technology teams under common leadership, centralized our operating functions and have unified our Merchant Solutions business into a homogeneous worldwide organization. This better positions us to harmonize our best products and capabilities globally, including aligning our point-of-sale solutions under a common brand, Genius. We now completed the full branding work for Genius and will launch our solutions for the restaurant and retail verticals in the U.S. beginning in the second quarter. Notably, we will go live with our Genius Restaurant solutions for small- to medium-sized customers this May in tandem with the National Restaurant Association Conference. Simultaneously, we will also launch our Genius retail solution for SMB businesses. In September, we will extend the retail offering to additional sub-verticals and introduce the Genius Enterprise restaurant solution at the Food Service Technology Conference, which is attended by more than 100 of the leading QSR and restaurant chains. We will begin rolling out Genius to international markets in the second half of the year, including in Canada, Mexico, the U.K., Germany, Austria and the Czech Republic. In early 2026, we will bring Genius to additional markets, including Ireland and Spain, followed by Romania, Poland and Australia shortly thereafter. We're also making progress converging our technology capabilities across our POS platforms. And by the end of the year, solutions such as online ordering and delivery, accounting applications, marketing and loyalty, service vertical functionality and third-party integrations will be ubiquitously available from a common platform across our Genius offerings. Additionally, we're already driving synergies by leveraging a number of common capabilities. This includes aligning our hardware platforms, streamlining invoicing, consolidating support functions and reducing SKUs. As we converge our platforms over time, we have set the road map to migrate customers using legacy platforms to Genius with defined upgrade paths that will provide for a seamless transition to a best-of-breed cloud solution that will delight merchants and their customers, while also providing us with significant cross-sell and upsell opportunities. We also intend to fully leverage our distribution channels to extend our Genius POS solutions globally. Our sales teams, dealers and FI and wholesale partners have already had extensive opportunities to preview Genius, and the reception has been overwhelmingly positive with significant excitement about the upcoming launch. Another important initiative we are pursuing is our sales force of the future program, which started with our direct sales teams in the U.S. and will extend to international regions later this year. This includes upskilling and retooling our sales organization, aligning incentives to accelerate cross-selling, reimagining our marketing and lead generation efforts, enhancing underwriting and onboarding processes and improving our approach to provisioning and activating new merchants. As part of this, we have already rolled out a modernized and revamped compensation plan in our FI partner channel and to our POS sales organization. We are extending this plan to additional U.S. sales teams over the course of the year. Our strategic focus on delivering a full suite of differentiated software and commerce enablement solutions extends across our business. As one example, in Issuer Solutions, we launched several key strategic partnerships in the fourth quarter, including with Engage People, Blackhawk Network and one of the largest global technology companies that will serve to advance our loyalty platform capabilities through enhanced distribution and extended point accumulation and redemption options. And third, we will leverage our technology leadership to be a more nimble and agile business while increasing our efficiency and effectiveness. As I previously noted, we have consolidated all of our technology organizations and teams under common leadership. Our technology development and operations were fragmented, resulting in duplication of effort and investments, a lack of standardized tools and practices and a somewhat inefficient operating environment. With this change, we're becoming a more nimble and agile organization with a customer and product-centric mindset focused on speed and quality of product development. To support these efforts, we recently completed a small transaction to acquire a modern real-time processing and orchestration platform. This technology allows us to leverage and distribute products more easily across multiple platforms and geographies seamlessly, increasing our speed to market and accelerating progress towards our target architectural model. It also allows us to eliminate certain third-party providers and streamline our technology operating environments globally. We are already leveraging the platform in Central Europe and Germany and will extend this technology architecture across all of our European markets over the next 6 to 12 months. Across the company, we're also focused on improving cycle times for new product development and enhancing productivity. This evolution includes modernizing developer tools, including Gen AI-supported software development as well as standardizing tooling and implementing processes changes to better identify customer needs and accelerate product launches and a nearly 10% reduction in code deployment time utilizing our modernized tool sets. We anticipate beginning to realize the benefits of these efforts in the second half of the year with the majority of process and technology enhancements in place by year-end to support our identified priorities. Further, we are continuing to invest in driving differentiation through service. We have multiple programs underway that leverage Gen AI to enhance support and service offerings for customers. This includes an initiative to replace our global support center software solution to modernize call flows, expand omnichannel and digital engagements, increase intelligent routing and a corporate AI-powered knowledge management. This will allow our support center teams to improve response times and enhance customer experience by better leveraging automation. We expect to have the new platform fully implemented by the fourth quarter of 2025. Given the early milestones we've achieved and our ongoing progress, we are now expecting our operational transformation initiatives to unlock more than $600 million of annual run rate operating income benefit by the first half of 2027. This is an increase from our initial outlook of more than $500 million. I could not be more pleased with the performance of our team members whose passion, ingenuity and relentless pursuit of excellence enabled our success over the last 12 months. As we begin 2025, I remain confident we are doing all the right things to unify and streamline our business, invigorate our go-to-market activities, leverage our best products and capabilities and amplify our investments to unlock value and position our business for sustainable growth and success. Josh?
Joshua Whipple: Thanks, Cameron. We are pleased with our financial performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year, which were consistent with our expectations. I'm particularly proud that we delivered these results while simultaneously executing on our transformation agenda. Starting with the full year 2024, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $9.15 billion, an increase of 6% from the prior year, which includes slightly less than 1 point headwind from currency and the disposition of AdvancedMD. Adjusted operating margin for the full year improved 40 basis points to 45%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $11.55, an increase of 11% compared to the full year 2023. For the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.29 billion, an increase of 5%. On a constant currency basis, excluding dispositions, adjusted net revenue increased approximately 6.5%. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 40 basis points to 45.2%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.95, an increase of 11% or 12% on a constant currency basis. Taking a closer look at performance by segment, Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.76 billion for the fourth quarter, reflecting growth of 6% or more than 7% on a constant currency basis, excluding dispositions. As Cameron noted, we closed our AdvancedMD disposition in December, which was roughly 1 point of impact in the quarter. This performance represents an acceleration compared to the third quarter, consistent with our expectations, driven by our POS and software and integrated and embedded businesses, both of which achieved high single-digit growth during the period. Starting with POS and software, our new cloud POS solution from SMB customers that we launched midyear and our rebranding Genius drove a roughly 35% increase in new POS rooftops in the fourth quarter over the prior year period. This strong demand is being driven by the new software bundles, countertop hardware choices and embedded commerce enablement solutions available through the platform, which includes leading new feature functionality such as our virtual terminal offering, cash discounting surcharging solution, "pay by text, e-mail, link" capabilities, order ahead and invoicing solutions to name a few. Turning to the integrated embedded channel. Our ISV business added 76 new ISV partners during the fourth quarter with 32 of these wins achieved in international regions. Several of the larger software partners we signed this quarter include BookedBy in the salon vertical, DRX in pharmacy management; and Chamber Nation, which provides member management, automation and digital media solutions. Our core payments business delivered mid-single-digit growth for the fourth quarter on a constant currency basis with several international businesses' notable bright spots. Specifically, Central Europe, Poland, Greece and LatAm achieved double-digit growth as we continue to benefit from the strong secular payment trends in these markets. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 48.3% in the Merchant segment, an increase of 60 basis points compared to the prior year. This performance reflects strong execution on our refocused strategy and ongoing synergy realization from the acquisition of EVO Payments. We've now executed our targeted expense synergies from EVO and are on track to achieve $135 million in annual run rate expense synergies as anticipated. Our Issuer Solutions business produced adjusted net revenue of $542 million for the fourth quarter, reflecting growth of 3% on a constant currency basis, largely driven by a 200 basis point sequential improvement in transaction volumes. This was led by strength in consumer card transactions, consistent with the trends highlighted by several of our large FI partners this quarter. Commercial card volumes remain largely consistent with the trends that we saw in the third quarter as corporates continue to take a more cautious approach to spending. Separately, we've seen more of a return to normalcy in terms of product and service investments by bank customers and continue to have a healthy implementation pipeline in 2025. We added a total of 26 million traditional accounts on file this quarter, largely driven by the growth with the existing customers as our strategy of aligning with market share winners continues to drive benefits. And our near-record implementation pipeline and the completion of our renewal cycle with many of our large customers gives us confidence in the growth outlook for the business going forward. Moving to our B2B portfolio. The core mid-market segment for our AP automation solutions continues to generate solid bookings in the quarter, albeit at a slightly moderated pace from earlier in the year due to macro trends. Additionally, in our Paycard business, we continue to see softer hiring trends in the segments of the market we serve, which again negatively impacted growth this quarter by nearly 1 point. Finally, Issuer Solutions delivered an adjusted operating margin of 46.9%. This improved sequentially from our third quarter performance, largely driven by better volumes, but represented a modest decline compared to the prior year period as we continue to lap strong margin expansion we realized in this business last year while also investing in modernization. From a cash flow standpoint, we produced strong adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of approximately $814 million, representing roughly 110% conversion rate of adjusted net income to adjusted free cash flow. For the full year, adjusted free cash flow was $2.7 billion, representing a roughly 95% conversion rate of adjusted net income to adjusted free cash flow, consistent with our guidance. We invested $184 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and $675 million for the full year, equating to roughly 7% of revenue, which was in line with our guidance. Our net leverage position decreased to 3.2x at the end of the fourth quarter and is now consistent with our long-term target as forecasted. In connection with the closing of the AdvancedMD transaction in December, we repaid $500 million in senior notes that matured in the quarter and returned $650 million to shareholders through our accelerated share repurchase plan and additional open market purchases. For the full year, we repurchased 12.7 million shares for $1.5 billion or roughly 5% of our shares outstanding. Our balance sheet remains extremely healthy, and we ended the period with $3.8 billion of available liquidity. Our total indebtedness is 100% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.36%. Turning to the outlook for 2025. We are pleased with how our business is positioned as we execute against our refocused strategy and our expectations are consistent with the medium-term outlook we provided at our investor conference in September. Specifically, we currently expect constant currency adjusted net revenue growth of 5% to 6% over 2024, excluding dispositions. We expect dispositions will impact reported adjusted net revenue by over 300 basis points. We are forecasting annual adjusted operating margin to expand approximately 50 basis points for 2025, excluding the effect of dispositions. To provide color at the segment level, we expect our Merchant business to deliver adjusted net revenue growth of roughly 6% on a constant currency basis, excluding dispositions for the full year. We expect roughly 50 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the business, excluding dispositions in 2025. Moving to Issuer Solutions. We're anticipating adjusted net revenue growth in roughly 4% range on a constant currency basis for the full year compared to 2024. We anticipate adjusted operating margin for the Issuer business to expand by approximately 50 basis points in 2025. In terms of quarterly phasing, we expect modestly higher growth in the second half relative to the first half of the year as our transformation initiatives ramp and as we lap the renewal cycle with many of our large issuer customers and see increased benefits from conversion activity over the course of 2025. Moving to a couple of nonoperating items. We currently expect net interest expense to be roughly $500 million this year and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. We're also planning for our capital expenditures to be around $780 million in 2025 or approximately 8% of revenue, which is consistent with the outlook we provided at our investor conference. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow conversion to be greater than 90% for the full year, which again, is in line with the expectations we outlined in September. Regarding capital allocation, we expect to return approximately $2 billion to shareholders during the year. To that end, we are entering into an accelerated share repurchase plan for $250 million. If we execute additional divestitures in 2025, the proceeds will be used to further enhance shareholder returns. We also plan to further reduce our indebtedness during the year. Putting it all together, we expect adjusted earnings per share growth for the full year to be in the range of 10% to 11% on a constant currency basis. We expect adjusted earnings per share growth to be consistent with the quarterly phasing dynamics I detailed in my earlier remarks. This 2025 guidance is the same as the outlook we provided at our investor conference in September and reflects the strategic initiatives we are undertaking through our transformation in addition to a stable macro environment. With significant recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we now expect currency to be a headwind of roughly 175 basis points to both adjusted net revenue and adjusted earnings per share. Finally, as you may recall at our investor conference, we mentioned we have been evaluating our reporting structure, including how to treat items like stock-based compensation. Beginning in the first quarter, we will include share-based compensation expense in our adjusted results to better align our convention with our peers. We will update our reporting accordingly at that time, however, we do not expect any change to the growth outlook that we provided today. Additionally, we also plan to change the presentation of cash flows for settlement assets and obligations and certain funds held for customers, moving the changes in items from operating to financing cash flows similar to the convention recently adopted by certain of our peers. In summary, we are pleased with the progress we've made since beginning our transformation. Our focus remains simplifying our operations, strengthening our core businesses and returning capital to shareholders. And we are confident that we have good forward momentum as we execute against our refocused strategy. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Josh. We accomplished a great deal over the past year and are very much on track with our ambitious transformation journey. In 2025, we will execute and complete much of our transformation agenda, positioning us to accelerate growth and deliver on the medium-term financial goals we established in September. We are changing for the better, playing to our competitive strengths, leveraging what we already have and focusing our energy and investments on the most attractive opportunities where we can differentiate in the market. As we enter the next chapter of our growth journey, we strongly believe we are poised to capture and unlock significant value with our renewed strategic focus and clarity. We have an enviable portfolio of assets delivering sustainable organic top line growth and a significant untapped TAM. Our transformation is unleashing an already successful business to deliver all of our solutions to all of our channels in a more frictionless way and drive higher return on invested capital. And we are committed to shareholder value creation, targeting returns of $7.5 billion over the next 3 years. We're exactly on track with where we want to be in our transformation and remain as enthusiastic as ever about the future of our business. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: [Operator Instructions] Operator, we'll now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Just maybe start off with your early evidence of the progress you're seeing on some of the initiatives you're making. I know you touched on the time line you expect on Genius. That was really helpful, but maybe give us a sense of 2 things. One is the initiatives you see some evidence of working already. I know it's only been about a quarter or so since the Investor Day, but any progress there? And then really more importantly, the cadence we can expect throughout the year, specifically in the merchant growth rate so we can help understand where we can expect the trajectory, where there's a bottom and then where you expect a reacceleration.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin, it's Cameron. I'll jump in and start. So it's a great question. Look, I would tell you, from my perspective, I'm pretty pleased with some of the early evidence we're seeing in terms of the benefits that our transformation is driving in our business. I'll start with one of the most obvious areas, which is just the level of collaboration we've been able to drive across the organization. Certainly, in our Merchant business, more particularly as we've been able to harmonize and create a more homogeneous operating model for the Merchant Solutions segment. We have teams that are now working together, collaborating together, engaging together to unlock, I think, vast opportunities around products and capabilities that exist in different parts of the business that, frankly, some of them didn't know that we had or weren't aware we could make available in different markets around the globe. So the level of collaboration and the commercial dialogue that, that's driving and some of the opportunities that we've been able to already bring to conclusion as a result of that, I think, albeit small, are very encouraging. The second area is as we continue to harmonize operating environments and technology environments, I think the opportunity we see for operating income benefits as evidenced by the increase in the overall target we provided today is more meaningful probably than we initially anticipated as we started on this transformation journey. So as we work to bring our operating environments together, we're finding far more opportunity for efficiencies and scales and the ability to leverage capabilities across all aspects of our business, Merchant and Issuer in particular, to drive better outcomes for our clients in terms of the experience they're able to have and obviously, our ability to deliver that in an efficient and effective manner. From a technology perspective, standardizing tools, harmonizing software development life cycles, how we think about product development and collaboration with the business, all of that is yielding what I think will be a more efficient, more effective and productive technology organization, better able to support the needs of the business, able to deliver new product and software capabilities more quickly, all of which ultimately will drive for, again, a better scaled environment and quicker speed to revenue around new product and software delivery in the business. So I'd say, overall, the early evidence is incredibly positive around the things that we're doing. Obviously, it's hard work, and I don't want to lose sight of that as we continue to progress through our transformation journey. We're making a lot of change in our organization. It is a little bit disruptive at times, and it's a tremendous amount of effort from the leadership team down through the organization to bring about the change that we're trying to drive. But certainly, all evidence thus far would suggest we're on the right path and the benefits in terms of how we run the business and the benefits economically we expected to achieve from this journey are certainly proving to be real, and the early wins are encouraging.
Darrin Peller: And just a quick follow-up -- yes, go ahead on the timing or -- that's exactly right.
Cameron Bready: Yes. It's a good question on the timing of revenue. I think as I look at 2025, what we would expect is as we get to the back half of the year, we'll start to see some of the benefits materialize as a top line revenue matter from the initiatives that we're pursuing, particularly in the Merchant segment. There's also likely to be a little bit in the Issuer segment as well more in the back half of 2025 as some of those opportunities start to ramp. In the front half, I would say we've accommodated for a little bit of modest decel as it relates to just pushing all these changes through the organization. We talked a little bit around the timing of our Genius POS release being second quarter, third quarter. We talked a little bit about the sales force of the future program that we're rolling out, including changes to the comp model. Some of those we rolled out late in 2024, the rest we're rolling out in early 2025. So we're obviously accommodating for a little bit of, obviously, disruption in the business as we work these changes through the ecosystem. But that's largely in the first half of the year as we get to the back half of the year, as we commented in our prepared remarks, the benefits of many of the transformation initiatives that we're pursuing will start to materialize a little bit more in revenue and the outcomes we're able to drive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: I wanted to follow up on Merchant and just clarify the 6% guide for the year. I know it excludes currency and dispositions. But just on the acquisition front, I mean, I think takepayments closed around the middle of last year. We're thinking it drives maybe 0.5 point of inorganic to Merchant this year. And I know you mentioned a small orchestration platform you bought. So how much are you expecting from acquisitions in that 6%?
Joshua Whipple: Yes. So Jason, so takepayments, that anniversaries in the second quarter. And you're right about the 50 basis points of contribution. ZMS, the orchestration layer was -- that was de minimis. There's very little that was a contribution to the overall growth in 2025.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood. And then just on the EPS guide, just so we're all on the same page, how should we think about the actual dollar-based EPS guide? I mean, especially with the absorption of the stock-based comp that you're going to be introducing in Q1, just so we all get our models tuned up here right at the beginning of the year.
Joshua Whipple: Yes. So look, we're guiding constant currency in the 10% to 11% range. Stock-based comp this year is going to be about approximately $170 million. So you can go ahead and factor that into your models as you think about just the overall EPS growth in that 10% to 11% range constant currency.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And then the 175 bps headwind you said, right, on the EPS line from the currency?
Joshua Whipple: Yes, for FX. That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: What is the macro backdrop that you're contemplating in guidance? Are you baking in any conservatism or deterioration in the environment? Or are you just kind of baking in what we're seeing today?
Cameron Bready: I would say from an overall macro perspective, Ramsey, it's Cameron, I think we're continuing to forecast, I'd say, a fairly stable macro environment as we head into 2025, largely looking and mirroring kind of what we saw as we exited the year. I think if you look at the macro overall, we continue to see relatively stable labor trends. Inflation has come down, obviously. It's obviously not entirely tamed as evidenced by the report yesterday, but obviously, it's down from peak levels that we've seen over the last, call it, 18 months or so. And obviously, wage growth continues to be reasonably good overall. So I would say the macro backdrop, particularly as it relates to the consumer is relatively stable. Obviously, there's some level of uncertainty as it relates to what's happening in the U.S. post election and what economic policies, the new administration will implement and how that may manifest itself in the overall macro environment more broadly. But I would say sitting here today, we're expecting a fairly stable trend for 2025. And early evidence in January would suggest that we're seeing largely a continuation of what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. And a quick follow-up for me. Just at Investor Day, you called out winding down some enterprise customer contracts, I believe, in core. Has that process begun? Should we expect any noticeable impact from that in a given -- any particular quarter this year? Or will it be somewhat less perceptible from the outside?
Cameron Bready: Yes. It's a good question, and we're absorbing that in the guide that we've provided to you today. So there is some of that, that's already happened in the fourth quarter, and there'll be more of that, that happens as we work through 2025. Some of that's going to be, I'd say, in a few areas. One is wholesale, in particular. We inherited a lot of wholesale relationships through EVO. Some of the economics of those relationships don't necessarily work for us, particularly as we think about the level of effort and support that we have around those relationships and what those resources could be otherwise doing in our business. So we'll either try to work those to terms that make sense for us or we'll look to exit those. We talked a little bit around some of the multinational cross-border commerce business that we used to pursue. We're doing less of that. I think we're being far more selective as we think about going upmarket into enterprise and multinational opportunities. We were pursuing some, I would call them, more wholesale/indirect FI relationships globally. That's not a business that I want to spend a lot of time and effort on. I think it's distracting for us. So there are certainly likely to be some changes around how we think about that aspect of our business as we move forward in time. So short answer is, yes, all that has started. We did exit some wholesale relationships in the fourth quarter. We have more activity that will likely exit in 2025. All that's sort of reflected in the guide that we're providing today, and we're absorbing those impacts in our outlook, which is part of the reason for some of the commentary around our medium-term outlook that we provided back in September.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good to catch up with everyone. Just on the operational transformation, up $100 million. I'm curious, does that change also raise the -- or maybe change the timing of savings recognitions in '25 and '26? Any update there?
Joshua Whipple: Yes. So '25, I would say, is vastly the same, and the majority of the benefits we're going to see in '26 and beyond. So what we said before, Tien-Tsin, is that we expect over a little -- approximately $200 million of OI benefit in '26. Now we expect that to be more in '26. And then we said approximately $400 million of OI benefit in '27, and we expect that to be more in '27 with full run rate of $600 million in 2028.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it. And a quick follow-up, if you don't mind, Winnie. Just on the buying out of the joint ventures here, can we assume that we'll see more of this? And is the Asia wind down the inverse, meaning you'll maybe give back some of the joint ventures to the banks?
Cameron Bready: Yes. It's a good question, Tien-Tsin, and I sort of put it in the category of trying to streamline and simplify our business. With the number of joint ventures that we have, particularly in Europe, the complication in operating the business, the governance around the business makes it a little more difficult to operate the business in the way that we want to from time to time. So certainly, the CaixaBank exit of the Erste JV simplifies that relationship fairly meaningfully. Obviously, exiting HSBC from our joint venture in Mexico allows us to bring together 2 businesses in Mexico that, by and large, were competing with each other given the nature of the relationships we had in that market into a single business. Obviously, with good strong referral partners in Banamex and HSBC, but we're able to operate a much more homogeneous and single operating environment in Mexico now, which is certainly a benefit for us. In Asia, we really only have one JV, and that's with Bank of the Philippine Islands in the Philippines. We're very committed to that relationship in that market. We have good scale in that market. We have good growth potential with a strong partner. So that's obviously something that we want to continue with. The markets that we're seeking to exit in Asia are markets where we own 100% of the business, but they're markets that I would characterize as we're a subscale player today. We don't see a realistic path to being a scale player in a time frame that makes sense for us, and we'd rather commit our time, effort and resources to markets where we see better opportunities for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David Koning: Great to see just the quality of earnings here, getting better cash flow leverage, lower add-backs, all that stuff. So congrats on all that...
Cameron Bready: Dave, are you still there? We lost you. We appreciate the compliment but, operator, maybe we'll move to the next and see if we can get Dave back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: I'll get straight to my question. So wondering if we can get an update on Issuer segment and is the assumption for fiscal '25 continuation of softer trends in the commercial card and Paycard that you called out? And how should we think about the growth from the implementation of those 70 million accounts in backlog?
Joshua Whipple: Yes, sure. I'll go ahead and take that. So look, from -- for Issuer, we expect revenue to be relatively in line with where we exited the year in Q1. We do expect to see modest improvement throughout the year as we see increased benefit from conversion activity and lapping the renewal cycle with many of our large issuers. And what I would say is as it relates to Issuer, just for Q4, we continue to see strong trends in Issuer. We saw 4 conversions for the year. Cameron commented on 17 conversions for the year. The pipeline stands at over 70 million accounts on file. We saw strong sequential growth in accounts on file. And we also saw sequential improvement as it relates to transactions. So we feel pretty good about the Issuer business going into 2025, and we expect to see modest acceleration in the back half of the year as we lap some of these contract renewals that we talked about in Q3.
Cameron Bready: Yes. And James, it's Cameron. I'll just add maybe a couple of points to that. First of all, I would say from a commercial perspective, the trends we saw in Q4 were pretty consistent with what we saw in Q3. So we expect commercial in 2025 to be relatively similar to what we saw kind of exiting the year. We're not expecting a big sort of uptick in commercial volumes. We expect businesses to remain fairly restrictive from a spending perspective, and we think that will largely manifest itself in what we expect from commercial. We are seeing more normalizing of trends, I would say, around project activity with our large FI customers. Josh called that out as it relates to Q4. And certainly, we have a good pipeline of projects that we're implementing for our clients in 2025. So we certainly feel good about that. I think if you step back and look at the Issuer business more broadly, I think we feel very good about the outlook for the next few years. We've renewed 15 of our top 20 clients on multiyear agreements. Our modernization work is progressing very nicely. I mentioned that our client-facing application development work was done late last year. We're piloting all those solutions in 2025, and we'll be selling exclusively sort of cloud-based solutions for client-facing applications by the end of 2025. So all of that is progressing really nicely, which is important to opening up new TAMs, driving more commercial activity and obviously accelerating the rate of revenue growth for the Issuer business over a period of time. So feel good about the stability and predictability of the business heading into '25 and certainly the trajectory it's on through modernization and obviously, the work we're doing from a transformation perspective, all of which we expect to benefit the Issuer business for the coming years.
James Faucette: Great. That's great color. And then quickly, just wanted to touch on the ISV channel. It sounds like the partner growth there is still healthy. How are you thinking about the churn and revenue pricing in that business in '25 and in '26?
Cameron Bready: Yes, I'll start, and I may ask Bob to chime in on this as well. As you probably are aware, he knows the integrated business very, very well from his history and can give you a little more perspective on what we're seeing in the market day in and day out. I would say from my standpoint, I think we continue to compete very well in the market from an integrated perspective. We obviously have a breadth and depth of operating model and capability that allows us to tailor solutions to the needs of our software partners in ways that I don't think our competitors can. And I think as a result of that, we're able to end up with commercial relationships that are favorable to us, favorable to our clients, but not necessarily at the high watermark in terms of rev share relative to where our competitors may pitch business or try to win business. I think the other area where we continue to differentiate ourselves is our ability to bring more value to the relationship around our commerce enablement solutions, our ability to expand the revenue opportunity through these relationships. More revenue to share generally means lower rev share overall and a better outcome for us again, and our ISV partners. So I think we continue to see largely stability around our business, largely because of our approach to market, the capabilities we have and the breadth and depth of relationships that we have in that business that spans well over a decade now with Global Payments ownership and going back far more than that through the acquisitions we've made in our integrated space over time. But Bob may be able to add a little bit of color to that as well.
Robert Cortopassi: Yes. Thanks, Cameron. Great question, James. We continue to see partners across the spectrum, whether they're ISVs or whether they're other flavors of new tech, fintech, FI relationships with different integration needs who continue to think about integrated as a departure from the last 2 pendulum swings we saw over the prior decade, which was coming from integrate to us, send a lead, we'll cut you a referral check to everyone in the world needs to be a PayFac and become a payments company. They continue to want to differentiate at the customer experience level, what does it look like to acquire and board new accounts. And it continues to be important to them to drive, to Cameron's point, additional value into the relationship beyond core payment acceptance. And I think the work that we've done over the prior decade and that we continue to accelerate at the back half of '24 and into '25 as part of our transformation seeks to make those capabilities available in very easy to consume and integrate ways across the spectrum of our capabilities, so that our partners can go to market really in a very tailored way without having to create a bespoke program or a bespoke integration for every one of them. We continue to see that being received very well in the market. We think we're positioned well against competition. And it also helps us defend the partnerships that we already have as they seek to evolve their own business model and their own software and distribution platforms.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen.
Harrison Vivas: This is Harrison Vivas on for Bryan. Just wanted to double-click on the POS replatforming. Obviously, still early, but could you just offer any early feedback on what you're hearing from clients? And then maybe put a finer point on what you're expecting from a churn level as you really start that as you launch Genius into the second half of the year.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I'll start, and I may ask Bob to jump in on this question as well, again, because he's very close to the details. I would say, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, early feedback is very positive from our direct sellers, our dealers, our FI partners and wholesale partners who we look to sell Genius as well. And certainly, from our international businesses and some of our partnerships there, the feedback around the platform, the capability, the richness of the feature functionality is very positive around what we expect to be the flagship kind of Genius restaurant and Genius retail platforms going forward. So I would say early signs are encouraging, and we continue to have good momentum just around POS sales more broadly even as we work to bring the rebranded Genius, the replatform Genius to market over the course of 2025 and beyond. So I'm very encouraged. This continues to be one of the areas that we're investing most in our business. It's one of the areas that we're most excited about in terms of opportunity to drive better growth outcomes over time. And I think the capabilities that we have across the probably nearly 15, 16 POS platforms we have today, finally harnessing that into what will be Genius for restaurant, Genius for retail platforms going forward, I think, is going to have a really positive effect on our business, our ability to win new opportunities in the marketplace and obviously, as I said before, the growth outcomes that we think we can deliver. I'll let Bob maybe jump in on the second part of your question around how we envision creating paths for existing merchants to upgrade and how we plan to manage sort of the attrition associated -- or attrition risk associated with those opportunities.
Robert Cortopassi: Yes, Harrison, as we think about churn in the POS space, I think there's a couple of components at play here. One is, obviously, we respect the competitive environment that we're operating in, and we have fierce competition who's aggressive in their own right. But we also have long and successful relationships with these customers, not only anchored in the solutions that we've delivered to them in the past, but the way that we've differentiated around the service experience and the continued rollout of additional value-added services that we're bringing to the relationship beyond just the core business operating software in a restaurant or a retail environment. Second, as customers begin to think about what's the next phase of their technology growth, as I mentioned before, we've got a strong relationship, so it's our belief, and it's our historical experience that they think about us first. And we want to be there as they're thinking about the evolution of their business and providing ramps for them to migrate to new solutions that we're going to deliver. And then finally, we didn't invent Genius de novo. A fair bit of what we're rolling out in both the retail and the restaurant verticals are anchored in solutions that we have in market today, and this is the next generation of those platforms. So there's a very natural upgrade path for a large share of these customers who don't require things like a data conversion and in many cases, may not even require a new hardware. So I think we feel really good about the opportunity to retain our existing customers while growing the relationship and delivering them more value as well as our competitive positioning to acquire new accounts over the next period of time.
Harrison Vivas: No, great. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on incremental asset sales. Cameron, I know you talked about exiting some subscale APAC businesses in the quarter. Just any commentary on potential additional processes that might be underway. Should we expect maybe more subscale geographic trimming? Or are you potentially looking at vertical software platforms to monetize? Just any commentary there would be great.
Cameron Bready: Yes. It's a fair question, Harrison. I don't want to get ahead of my skis on this, obviously, just to sort of protect the integrity of the processes that we're currently involved in and contemplating. I think as I step back and look at where we are, we've divested assets today that represent a little north of $300 million of the $500 million to $600 million target that we provided at our investor conference. We still think $500 million to $600 million is the target that we are likely to achieve over the course of time. I think about it largely through the lens of a couple of things. One is we've talked about it in the context of the Asian businesses. Are we a scale player in these markets with good prospects to grow meaningfully? And is the market worth our time, effort and resources? And do we have a path? If we're not a scale player today, do we have a path to being a scale player over time? So obviously, places where we're not and don't feel like we have that path are clearly on our minds in terms of how to think about that business being a part of Global Payments going forward. And then secondly, I look at all of our businesses today through the lens of, is it better being a part of Global Payments? Are we delivering value incrementally to that business as -- with it being a component of our company? Or can the business be self-sustained outside of Global Payments without creating a lot of disruption for it. So there are a few businesses that we're still assessing, I would say, on that front, and we'll continue to provide updates as and when there's information to share around potential outcomes that we're able to achieve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Perlin: I'm wondering if you're willing to put a little bit of a finer point on this '25 revenue growth cadence. I know you're -- you get the 5% to 6% bogey out there, you're talking about second half being stronger than the first half. But I guess what I'm trying to get at is, as we think about that commentary, are you suggesting that we're at the low end of the range in kind of the first half and then you accelerate to the high end? Or are we going to be maybe potentially below the range in the first half and then a reacceleration even outside of that range in the second half, which kind of does support an exit rate or run rate to jump off into '26 with reacceleration?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Dan, it's Cameron. I'll start, and I'll ask Josh to jump in if he wants to put a finer point on any of the commentary. To answer your question very pointedly, no, you shouldn't assume the first half of the year is below the range, the back half of the year is above the range. I'd say the whole year is in the range. We talked a little bit before about the shaping and why the shaping exists around the year, but you shouldn't expect the range to be different for the first half versus back half. Both halves are in the range. And I think generally, if I'm being candid, we're talking about tens of basis points of difference, probably first half, back half in terms of just the overall shaping. So I wouldn't put an expectation in your mind that first half is below the range, second half is above the range. I think it's largely, first half is a little lower in the range and second half is likely to be higher in the range with a good exit rate heading into 2026.
Joshua Whipple: Yes. I guess what I would say is that we're going to see a slight acceleration as we go into the back half of the year. And as Cameron mentioned in his prepared remarks and earlier on this call, we are factoring in a little bit of a slowdown in the first half as it relates to just transformation activities that we talked about, retooling the sales force, revamping compensation structure and exiting some markets and consolidating platforms. But again, we're very much within the range, and I would expect to see acceleration in the back half like we talked about at an investor conference going into '26 and beyond.
Daniel Perlin: That's great and very clear. Just quickly, Cameron, and it's kind of, again, a little bit high level. In terms of your conviction level and visibility into the organization now, you're doing a lot of things as you call out, the homogeneity of the platforms and internal organization. I'm just wondering how much of an impact that's having on your ability to forecast and then again, the visibility and conviction in these numbers.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Look, we obviously have a lot of confidence, I think, in the outlook for the business that we're providing today. We have a lot of confidence in the medium-term outlook that we provided back in September. I think our visibility around it is arguably better today than it was in September when we obviously provided our medium-term outlook. We've seen the early results of much of the transformation work that we're pursuing in our business, the outcomes we've been able to drive and certainly how the organization has responded to those changes. And as I said in earlier comments today, I'm very encouraged about what we've seen thus far. I don't want to, again, minimize the amount of work that it takes and certainly how proud I am of our teams as they've been able to navigate these changes in the organization in terms of how we're structured, how we're operating, the tools and systems that we're using and how we're bringing together the best parts of Global Payments around the globe to try to drive to better outcomes and create a better business for the long term. It takes a toll on our teams, and they've reacted admirably, I think, to the amount of work and stress and change that we're trying to push through the ecosystem to get to the outcomes that we have committed to as part of our medium-term outlook back in September. So long answer to a relatively simple question. But yes, we have conviction in the outcomes that we're going to be able to drive. I think we have good visibility around the benefits that we are generating through our operational transformation initiatives. We track those dollar for dollar through a very intensive process. And obviously, I think we have probably greater visibility and excitement around the opportunities to deliver better outcomes for the business from a growth -- sustainable organic growth perspective and the outcomes we're able to drive for our clients and shareholders over that period of time.
Operator: Our final question this morning comes from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW.
Vasundhara Govil: And Cameron, you covered this a fair amount, but I just wanted to get a finer point on it. I think when you guys guided to 2025 at the Investor Day, it was mid-single digits. So if I'm characterizing that correctly, 4% to 6% and now you're guiding to 5% to 6%, so it's slightly better. Just if you could help pinpoint like what exactly is trending better in the business, that would be great. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Vasu, it's Cameron. I'll just comment quickly. First of all, I appreciate you calling that out. I would say, arguably, it is slightly better than what we guided to and provided in the medium-term outlook in September. It's on the margin, of course, it's still mid-single digits, but it's at the upper half of mid-single digits. And I think, again, some of it goes back to the conviction we have around how we see the operational transformation manifesting itself and performance in the business. Obviously, as we're closer now and actually into 2025, I think we have better visibility around how we'll be able to navigate the level of change in the business without creating disruptions that will have a more meaningful impact on growth, certainly in the short term as we look to drive better longer-term outcomes. So I think a lot of it is, again, early success and confidence around the work we're doing and how that positions us and our ability to manage as a leadership team and an organization more broadly, the change that we're driving through the ecosystem to drive to the outcomes for 2025 as we position for again, a better outcome in '26 and '27.
Vasundhara Govil: And just a quick one on the tech modernization in the Issuer business and the launch of the cloud-based apps. Like would that mean anything from a revenue standpoint?
Cameron Bready: Well, it does certainly over time because as we've talked about before, the cloud modernization program for Issuer really expands our TAM for that business fairly extensively. It allows us to go down market with smaller FIs relative to where we have traditionally played in our Issuer business. It allows us to expand more easily into new markets without a lot of fixed cost and investment to be able to light up new clients and new markets around the globe. I think it makes our capabilities more consumable by fintechs and other players who are looking to be able to consume and utilize our services perhaps differently than having to consume the entirety of the platform that we operate today that is still more mainframe-oriented and requires almost a full consumption of everything to get to the feature functionality that some of these fintechs really want to be able to utilize. So from our perspective, the modernization is critical to unlocking better growth opportunities for the Issuer business longer term by accessing these new TAMs and creating better opportunities to expand the pool of revenue that we can play in. We know we have the best feature functionality. We know we have the best issuer capabilities. Being able to unlock those into new markets globally as well as new segments of the markets that we've played in, in the geographies that we're active today is certainly meaningful from a growth potential for the business longer term. And with that, that concludes our Q4 earnings call this morning. I want to thank everyone for joining us again today, and I wish everyone a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments' Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments third quarter 2024 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other things, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain Risk Factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental material available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call is our CEO, Cameron Bready and our CFO, Josh Whipple. Now, I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Winnie, and good morning, everyone. We were delighted to host our first investor conference since 2021 last month in New York, where we shared a comprehensive update on our company and the meaningful opportunities we see ahead to create value for our customers, partners, and shareholders. We appreciate those of you who took the time to attend in person, as well as everyone who participated virtually. As we outlined at that time, we are a market leader operating at the intersection of software and payments, delivering innovative commerce solutions worldwide. We are winning today with an enviable portfolio of leading software and payments capabilities and have a strong track record of best-in-class service. And we are moving aggressively to build on this foundation to position Global Payments for the next phase of its growth journey. We are refocusing our strategy, streamlining and simplifying our business, and unifying our teams and capabilities, allowing us to play to our competitive strengths. We have a rich portfolio of software and payments capabilities with significant untapped chance. Our transformation is unleashing an already successful business to deliver all of our solutions through all of our channels in a more frictionless way and drive higher returns. And we are committed to a shareholder-first capital allocation strategy. As we position the business for the next decade of growth, we strongly believe we are poised to capture and unlock significant value. While we have an ambitious transformation agenda in front of us, we are already making progress with our announcement today that we reached a definitive agreement to sell our AdvancedMD business to Francisco Partners. This transaction exemplifies our commitment to simplify our business and accelerate our capital returns for shareholders. I'll discuss this more shortly. Turning to our third quarter results, we delivered 6% adjusted net revenue growth, 40 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion, and 12% adjusted earnings per share growth, compared to the same period in 2023. Our performance was solid as we continued to execute well against our refocused strategy and operational transformation, particularly in light of the uncertain macro environment. Our merchant solutions business delivered 7% adjusted net revenue growth, largely driven by our POS and software, and integrated and embedded businesses. We again saw strong new POS account growth this quarter, led by our direct channel in North America, which grew new SMB and mid-market cloud POS sales by 23%. Our feature-rich offering that delivers a world-class front of house experience, payments, reporting, and engagement solutions continues to resonate with customers. And the breadth of our capabilities and configurations allows us to serve customers of all sizes and complexity, including many of the leading QSRs. We are excited to have achieved a new kiosk and menu board agreement this quarter with Whataburger, expanding our longstanding relationship as its primary technology partner. We are also seeing strong momentum in food service management, with Bookings Growth tracking 25% higher this year, compared to 2023. Additionally, we are further expanding our POS offerings into markets outside of the U.S. and are pleased to have successfully launched in Germany this quarter. We remain on track to bring our POS solutions to key additional international markets, including Mexico, Ireland, Poland, Austria, and Romania in the near future. We also saw a strong performance in our education business this quarter. In higher education, we recently signed a significant expansion with Brown University, launched a new partnership with the University of British Columbia, and signed a new relationship with Swansea University in Wales. Swansea marks our eighth university win in the U.K. and Ireland in the last 12-months, and we continue to have a strong pipeline of new opportunities globally. In the community verticals, our software solutions powered events with more than 1.3 million registrants and over 8,000 camp programs during the peak summer season. We also signed a new partnership with Bainbridge Island Parks and Rec in Washington State, one of the largest in the country. These achievements reinforce that we are winning in the market today with POS and software that provides our customers with the features and service they demand to run and grow their businesses. As we discussed at our investor conference, we see significant opportunities to drive continued growth and share gains as we execute on our key transformation initiatives for this business. First, we are consolidating our POS assets under the Genius brand and we'll extend them globally. By harmonizing our capabilities on a common platform, we will enhance our ability to grow, drive efficiency, and accelerate value delivery for our partners and clients while improving our return on investment capital. Second, we are concentrating our investments in the assets and verticals that will be most impactful to driving growth, and our ability to continue to win share in the market. And third, we are better connecting our leading commerce enablement solutions into our point of sale and software environments and pushing our full suite of capabilities through all of our distribution channels globally. Shifting to the integrated and embedded pillar of our strategy, we continue to see strong growth in new partners to our ecosystem, demonstrating we have the technology, solutions, and features that partners desire to monetize payments within their verticals. Notable wins in North America this quarter include ClearDent in the dental space, a line-offs in matrix care, both in serving the senior living vertical, and Art Center Canvas, a software solution serving the education vertical. We also successfully signed over 40 international ISV partnerships in the quarter across the United Kingdom, Asia Pacific, Australia, and LatAm. Through our transformation, we were executing on initiatives in this business to further extend our leadership position. We are focused on offering flexible operating models that are not discreet, but allow us to work with a partner along the continuum from peer referral to payments facilitation, both with payments and our commerce enablement products, to arrive at the dynamic solutions our partners are looking for over the long-term. We're also taking our successful commercialization playbook from the U.S. to international markets, further accelerating our approach to sourcing and securing new ISV partners in these more nascent integrated payment markets. Further, we are simplifying and accelerating the onboarding process and enhancing the partner and customer experience, while accelerating speed to revenue across the full suite of our commerce enablement solutions. This includes working with our partners to jointly leverage our embedded commerce capabilities, empowering them to provide more features and services to their end customers, driving additional value and revenue opportunities. Moving to core payments, we also saw strong growth in new partner signing this quarter, which will serve to further enhance our distribution in this channel. We also continue to see a significant improvement in the revenue opportunity with new partners as we bring more products and capabilities to these relationships. Last quarter we highlighted the expansion of our direct distribution capabilities and demand generation solutions in the U.K., as the market continues to evolve beyond traditional bank-based referral channels. And while it remains early days, we are already seeing strong progress adding new merchants as a result of this initiative. We are also making substantial headway in Germany through our new joint venture with Commerce Bank and have successfully added over 1,000 merchants since its inception just last quarter. Across Europe, we signed several marquee wins this quarter, including telecommunications leader Sky TV across multiple geographies and national highways in Poland. Shifting to the LatAm region, we continue to have good momentum in Mexico as we enhance our value proposition in these markets. In addition to double-digit revenue growth, we also had several notable wins in this market, including Petco, Grand Bodega, and C-Class. In terms of our transformation, our core payments initiatives are focused on expanding wallet share and client engagement through a growing variety of commerce enablement solutions and business value propositions. We're also pursuing targeted international growth opportunities, prioritizing investments in markets where we have or can attain leadership and scale in the short-term. We're leveraging our strong financial institution partnerships globally to support our expansion. We'll also continue to diversify our distribution to ensure we are well positioned for longer term trends. More broadly, our goal in the core payments channel is to form deeper relationships with commerce enablement and outstanding service. Providing premium experiences as we solve our clients' evolving and increasingly complex needs will drive higher lifetime customer value. Ultimately, core payments also provide the feeder channel for our POS and integrated businesses, as these customers leverage additional solutions from us as they grow. Finally, it's important to highlight that across all three of our merchant pillars, our transformation will allow us to better leverage our broad base of distribution, including one of the premier direct sales teams in the industry, as well as a broad base of strategic partners, joint ventures, wholesale, and indirect relationships. As we highlighted at the investor conference, in connection with our strategic review, we identified certain assets, markets, and minds of businesses that lack alignment with our strategic focus and are looking to divest or exit them as appropriate. As I noted earlier, as part of this work, we reached a definitive agreement to sell our AdvancedMD business. In connection with this transaction, we also executed a multiyear strategic partnership agreement with AdvancedMD to continue to provide integrated payments and commerce enablement solutions to its customers. Under our ownership, AdvancedMD has been a very successful business. However, as we focus on streamlining and simplifying our business, we made the determination that it was not the best strategic fit for several reasons. First, healthcare is a bespoke market that requires significant investments in capabilities and compliance programs that are difficult to amplify across other businesses and geographies. Second, there are extensive regulatory requirements in health care that add complexity and create limitations on our ability to integrate it fully into our new operating model. Lastly, post the thesis merger, we have strong exposure to health care and our integrated and embedded business, increasing the potential for channel conflict with partners. We want to thank our AdvancedMD team members for all their contributions to Global Payments, and we look forward to continuing to work together through our strategic partnership going forward. Turning to Issuer Solutions, we are pleased with our execution in the areas we can control. We successfully completed five implementations, including our first cloud conversion for a leading global financial institution in Asia Pacific. We now have two clients in our AWS cloud environment, with many others in the pipeline. We also completed conversion of two new portfolios acquired by large existing FI partners, further supporting our strategy of aligning with market share winners. Today, our implementation pipeline remains at over 65 million accounts after two recent LOIs successfully went to contract during the third quarter. We're also having ongoing success in cross-selling commerce enablement solutions, having signed over 200 product and servicing agreements this year. Lastly, we recently renewed two of our largest global clients. It is worth noting that over the last few years, we have renewed 15 of our top 20 clients, reflecting the strength of our partnerships and providing us good visibility and stability going forward. Despite our execution, our results this quarter were impacted by softer-than-expected volumes, largely driven by commercial card transactions, which decelerated further from what we experienced during the second quarter. We also saw some product and project investment delays from FI partners as they take a more cautious approach to spending given ongoing macro uncertainty. And we saw softer trends in our pay card business from incremental sequential weakness and employment trends. We believe we are well positioned to manage these headwinds if they persist as we continue to execute on our transformation and modernization journey. Our transformation efforts for Issuer are centered on completing our cloud modernization, which will further amplify our right to win and grow share across existing and new addressable markets, enhancing the strong leadership position we command today. We are focused on delivering cloud-native products and services across multiple market segments, use cases, and regions, and serving our clients with greater speed to market and agility in a secure and compliant manner. This investment also extends our opportunity to differentiate through commerce enablement with tailored products and solutions that address the needs of a diverse range of clients. And with API-enabled solutions, we're able to deliver our platform in individual components or in its entirety, allowing us to support issuers of all sizes, including the community, credit union, fintech, and Neobank segments. Our cloud-based solutions also allow us to further expand more easily and efficiently in new geographies. We're pleased with the progress we're making on modernization and remain on track to complete the development of our client facing applications this year. We have initiated a number of customer pilots and continue to expect commercial launch in 2025. Additionally, we will be exclusively selling cloud solutions next year, paving the way for widespread adoption over time. Before I turn it over to Josh, I want to express my sincere condolences to all those impacted by the devastation and widespread damage resulting from Hurricanes Helene and Milton. The financial impact from these events to our business tells in comparison to the hardship faced by the Southeast region where we have a significant presence in operations. Global Payment is supporting a number of organizations providing critical relief to those affected. We will continue to do all we can to support our team members, customers, and partners on the road to recovery ahead. Josh?
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Cameron, and good morning, everyone. We delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.36 billion for the third quarter, an increase of 6% from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin increased 40 basis points to 46.1%. And we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.08, an increase of 12%, compared to the same period in 2023. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment, Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.84 billion for the third quarter, reflecting growth of 7%. This includes roughly a point of contribution from the acquisition of Takepayments, which was partially offset by the impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates during the period. As we discussed at our investor conference in September, we are working to unify our global merchant segment around three lines of business: one, is selling a software; integrated embedded, and in core payments. Our POS and software business delivered low-double-digit growth for the third quarter. We successfully added roughly 3,000 new POS locations during the quarter as Cameron mentioned and we have added nearly 10,000 POS locations year-to-date. Additionally, across our software businesses, we achieved 30% new bookings growth for both the third quarter and year-to-date periods. We also saw strong performance in our education businesses, which delivered double-digit adjusted net revenue growth. Our integrated embedded payments business achieved high-single-digit growth for the third quarter. We continue to win with our differentiated capabilities across our integrated software offerings and added 92 new software partners during the quarter, representing an increase of 60% over the prior year period. New ISV partner signings also increased 60% on a year-to-date basis, highlighting our consistently strong business development results and further demonstrating the market receptivity to our offerings. Moving to core payments, we delivered mid-single-digit growth in this channel during the quarter. This was driven by solid growth in the U.S., which was partially offset by softer trends in Europe and Asia Pacific. Notably, we added 250 new core payments partners this quarter, a 60% increase over the prior year period. This is consistent with our efforts to amplify our distribution channels to sell our full suite of capabilities across markets to address customer needs. Shifting to merchant volumes, SMB volumes grew 5% for the third quarter, which was a slight moderation from the prior quarter, due to the lower same-store sales, consistent with the trends reported by the banks and our peers. I would highlight that in September, our volumes were also negatively impacted by the hurricanes in the Southeast region and weather-related events in Central and Eastern Europe. We deliver an adjusted operating margin of 50% in the merchant segment, an increase of 90 basis points, reflecting ongoing sequential improvements since completing the acquisition of EVO Payments last year and strong execution on our strategy. Issuers Solutions produced adjusted net revenue of $529 million, reflecting segment growth of 2% or 3% excluding our pay card business. We processed nearly 10 billion transactions in the quarter, which is an increase of 3%, compared to the prior year period. This marks roughly 1.5% deceleration in transaction growth sequentially. Consumer transaction volume slowed, consistent with the trends highlighted by several of our large FI partners, while we also saw further slowing in commercial card volumes. Additionally, we have seen certain bank customers delaying product and service investments in the current environment, as Cameron mentioned. And while we're seeing broader incremental softness, these trends have been more acute with the regional and smaller partners, resulting in an unfavorable revenue mix dynamic. Despite the softer roof macro trends, we continue to deliver strong execution. We added a total of 30 million traditional accounts on file this quarter, largely driven by our five conversions. Year-to-date, we've completed 13 implementations and added approximately 55 million traditional accounts on file. This strong conversion activity, our near record implementation pipeline, and completion of our renewal cycle with many of our large customers gives us confidence in the outlook we have for the business for both the fourth quarter and over the medium term. Moving to our B2B portfolio, the core mid-market segment for AP Automation Solutions continues to generate healthy bookings. Although similar to our commercial card business, we're also seeing AP customers take a more cautious approach, reducing the number of suppliers and their associated spend. Additionally, our pay card business negatively impacted growth this quarter by roughly a point as we saw incremental headwinds sequentially due to the softer employment trends in the segment of the market we serve. Issuer Solutions delivered an adjusted operating margin of 45.4%, a decrease of 210 basis points, compared to the prior year. As you may recall, Issuer margins saw a strong expansion last year as we pivoted the business to more technology enablement and away from lower margin managed service offerings. We have now lapped those related margin benefits, while we are also seeing some pressure from the macro trends I just discussed, while continuing to invest in modernization. From a cashflow standpoint, we produce strong adjusted free cashflow for the quarter of approximately $722 million, representing roughly 92% conversion rate of adjusted net income through adjusted free cash flow. It's worth noting that adjusted free cash flow this quarter included an adjustment to remove the impact of $847 million of cash inflows from settlement timing. Since the third quarter ended on a weekday, while the prior year quarter ended on a weekend, we saw the reversal of the impact of settlement pre-funding as expected. We invested $166 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and continue to expect capital spending to be around $670 million, or roughly 7% of revenue, in 2024. Our net leverage position decreased to 3.3 times at the end of the third quarter, nearly a quarter term lower sequentially. We remain on track for our leverage level to be in the low-3s by year-end, consistent with our long-term targets. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we have $4.4 billion of available liquidity. Our total indebtedness is approximately 100% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.3%. As Cameron mentioned, we reached a definitive agreement to sell AdvancedMD for a total purchase price of $1.125 billion. We expect the transaction to close by the year-end, subject to regulatory approval. In connection with this transaction, we expect to return up to $700 million to shareholders after addressing taxes and maintaining leverage neutrality. To that end, we have entered into an accelerated share repurchase plan for $600 million and anticipate returning the remainder through open market purchases this quarter. As we discussed at our investor conference, as part of our strategic review, we identified certain markets, assets and lines of business that lack alignment with our refreshed focus, and that we intend to divest or exit. This transaction represents a good first step in that process, while also serving to unwind value for shareholders. We're continuing to execute on additional opportunities including exiting certain smaller international geographies beginning this quarter. It's also worth highlighting that our board of directors approved an increase in the company's share repurchase authorization capacity to $2.5 billion. As we highlighted at our investor conference, we're targeting returns of $7.5 billion to shareholders over the next three years before contemplating divestitures. To be clear, the $600 million ASR we announced today is incremental to this. We continue to see buying back our shares as a compelling opportunity given our confidence in our strategy and long-term growth potential. Turning to the outlook, our year-to-date performance highlights the durability of our model and the benefits of our sharpened focus as we execute on our strategic priorities. We continue to expect reported adjusted net revenue to range from $9.17 billion to $9.30 billion, reflecting growth of 6% to 7% over 2023, excluding the impact of the disposition of AdvancedMD. However, given the software trends we're seeing in our Issuer business due to the macroeconomic environment, we now expect to be at the lower end of that range. And we still expect annual adjusted operating margin to expand up to 50 basis points for 2024. To provide color at the segment level, we continue to expect our merchant business to report adjusted net revenue growth of 9% plus for the full-year. This remains consistent with our prior outlook and excludes the impact of dispositions. We now expect up to 40 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the merchant business in 2024. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we anticipate adjusted net revenue growth in the 4% range for the full-year, compared to 2023. This is slightly lower than our prior outlook, given the unfavorable macro trends I highlighted earlier. We now anticipate adjusted operating margin for the Issuer business to expand up to 30 basis points. Moving to a couple of non-operating items, We still expect net interest expense to be approximately $500 million this year and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%, consistent with our prior outlook. Putting it all together, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share for the full-year to be in the range of $11.54 to $11.70, reflecting growth of 11% to 12% over 2023, albeit likely at the lower end due to the aforementioned macro weakness. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Josh. We've accomplished a great deal over the last six months. We've re-crushed our strategy, sharpening our focus to emphasize the markets where we are best positioned to compete and win. We completed a comprehensive review of our organizational structure and internal processes across the company. We successfully reoriented our business under a single unified operating model globally, addressing our complexity, enhancing our agility, and positioning our organization to execute against a clear and well-articulated strategy. And we have begun transforming how we operate to unleash our full potential, fuel our growth, elevate our client experiences, and provide market leading solutions that make everyday commerce better. We are doing all the right things to unify and streamline our business, reimagine our distribution, and consolidate our platforms to position our business for sustainable growth and success. We will execute and complete much of our transformation agenda in 2025, which will allow us to realize additional benefits in 2026 and beyond. This is what we reflected in our medium-term outlook provided at our investor conference last month. And we have a great deal of conviction in our ability to accelerate growth and deliver on our financial targets over the next few years. We're excited about the opportunities we see ahead to create significant value for our customers, partners, and shareholders. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Cameron. Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Will Nance of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Will Nance: Hey guys, I appreciate you taking the question. So I wanted to maybe revisit some of the commentary around 2025 and the restructuring initiatives that you just referenced, Cameron. I think a lot of the questions post Investor Day have focused on the degree of confidence that the deceleration to mid-single-digits next year provides you guys with enough cushion to execute on some of these initiatives? And so if you look at merchant this quarter, I think you were at 7% with a little bit of a tail end from take payments, so call it kind of 6% organic with the guidance kind of implying something in the low-5s for next year? How do you feel about that level of cushion? And then is there anything you could share about sort of the cadence of some of these restructuring initiatives and how should we should expect the deceleration next year to play out? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Well, it's Cameron. I'll kick it off and I'll ask Josh maybe the comment on the latter part of your question. So look I would say at a macro level, we've got a lot of confidence in the medium term guide that we shared last month. I think, as we look at how we're positioning the business for 25 and perhaps as importantly 26 and 27. You know, the key initiatives that we have in our transformation pipeline, I think are poised to clearly position us to drive accelerated growth as we work through the 25 into the 26 and 27 timeframe. And I think the way we position 25 is a good balanced approach. I think we have enough cushion, I think, in terms of a revenue expectation perspective, I think to allow us the flexibility to do the things we need to do to position the business for long-term sustainable growth, while at the same time we're returning a significant amount of capital $2 billion next year to shareholders and delivering double-digit growth and earnings per share. So while we're still working through the transformation, I think the return of capital to shareholders and obviously the compounded growth in earnings per share we expect to be able to deliver, I think is a good responsible approach to, again, doing what we need to do to position the business while at the same time kind of rewarding our shareholders as we progress through the journey. So short answer is yes, I think we have plenty of flexibility as we think about the 2025 medium term outlook. We've got a lot of confidence in what we shared last month. And I think we're already starting to see at least internally the benefits of a lot of the work we're doing that will start to materialize more fully in our results as we progress through time. Certainly as we get into the back half of 2025 and head into 2026 when we call or calling for sort of more revenue acceleration in the business.
Josh Whipple: And then we'll have the relation to some of the restructuring charges. As we talked about in investor day, we plan to deliver more than $500 million of incremental run rate operating income benefit by the first-half of 2027. You saw some of those restructuring charges here in Q3. As we talked about, we expect one-time cost range and approximately two-thirds of the benefit that we expect to achieve. And we'll see those over the next, you know, lets say six to seven quarters. Some of those restructuring charges start to go ahead and flow through.
Will Nance: Got it. Appreciate that color. And just, if I may, a quick follow-up on the sale. So congrats on getting this announced AdvancedMD, I think we had pegged at roughly 20% of the own software portfolio. So I was wondering if you could just confirm roughly $200 million to $250 million of revenues thereabouts and any commentary on the margin profile and the strategic agreement, just how we should think about sort of the payments revenues that may sit with you guys post the sale? Thanks.
Josh Whipple: Yes, good question. So as an aggregate sort of revenue matter, AMD is about, it's a little north of that 20% number. So for 2024, we forecasted around the $250 million to $260 million range. There is some revenue that will stay with us, obviously by virtue of the commercial relationship that we had. Most of that revenue sits in the payments business today outside of AdvancedMDs. So the revenue going with the AdvancedMDs in that range. And on a cash EBITDA multiple basis, we sort of secured kind of a high-teens multiple, which I think is, you know, a good premium value for this asset in the marketplace. Cash EBITDA multiples for the business are, you know, around 30%. You know, the EBITDA multiple for us, or the EBITDA for us is a little bit higher than that, but it's around that kind of roughly $70 million range on a cash EBITDA basis.
Will Nance: Awesome appreciate the details thanks guys.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Will.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bryan Bergin of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask on the sales realignment and the point of sale brand consolidation, just early feedback and execution there, and just any friction weighing on the third quarter results, any related client churn from point of sale consolidation thus far? Just give us a sense on how those early initiatives are progressing?
Cameron Bready: No, I would say it's a great question. I appreciate you asking it. So certainly on the brand side, there's a lot of positive receptivity to the Genius brand. And there's a lot of internal excitement, I think, about finally aligning all of our POS capabilities under a common platform and a common brand and unifying our go-to-market approach, I think, with a full suite of capabilities that we can deliver in all the key geographies around the globe in which we want to be able to deliver them. So we're still in early days, as you can imagine, we probably have a dozen different go to market brands around POS today. There's a lot of work to do to align those brands over a period of time, but certainly a good deal of enthusiasm around where we see our business going from a point of sale perspective and the impact point of sale and growth and point of sale is going to have on our business over a longer period of time. So nothing in the quarter I would call out specifically as it relates to POS. It's actually still a good bookings quarter for our POS business. We will over the course of time, demise probably some legacy point of sale platforms as we look to consolidate our offerings onto a single unified platform going forward. But none of that's really reflected in any Q3 performance. That'll be more in the 25 range time frame as we work through the POS consolidation efforts internally. And as I said before, look to align all of our offerings around a common platform that we can bring to market under the Genius brand. But we're certainly very excited about what we're doing from a point of sale perspective. Obviously in restaurant, it's an important market for us today. I would say on balance, we're probably even more excited about the white space we see in retail. We think there is a huge opportunity for us to further differentiate in retail and some of the subsegments in retail that may be less intensely competitive today than what we see in the restaurant channel. So I think the overall outlook around POS is very exciting and there's a lot of enthusiasm for the work we're doing here. And I think when we bring our offerings together under the Genius brand, we're going to see a great deal of success in our ability to really scale that business much more rapidly.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, I appreciate that. And just on Issuer, understanding some of these factors are not under your control, commercial volumes and some of the delayed investment here. Can you just dig in further on some of the underlying performance drivers for Issuer growth and do you have a line of sight to some of these factors improving?
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a good question. I mean, obviously, I think from an execution standpoint, we remain pleased with the work our team is doing. We have a good pipeline of conversion opportunities north of 65 million accounts. We obviously converted a fair amount in Q3 that will slightly positively impact Q4, as Josh highlighted in his comments, which I think positioned us better kind of heading into 2025. The macro environments, you know, to some degree is what it is. We don't have a lot of control over commercial spend, we are probably on balance more exposed to commercial, just given the lion's share of the commercial market that we process for today from an Issuer perspective. But I think it relates to the things we can control. We have a good pipeline of opportunities in our portfolio. We have a good pipeline of conversion accounts that we'll bring on to our platforms over the next 12 to 18 months. We've renegotiated 15 of our 20 top -- our top 20 customers over the course of the last few years, which gives us good line of sight into what revenue will be for those important partners over the next few years as well. So I think as we look at the 25, 26 kind of timeframe, we've got good visibility into what the expectations should be for the business. Assuming the macro kind of remains where it is, we obviously see 2025 being in the mid-term guidance that we provided last month for the Issuer business. And as we continue to work through our modernization journey, we expect to be able to accelerate from there as we move forward into 27 and beyond.
Bryan Bergin: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane: Hi, good morning. Just on AdvancedMD, how fast was the revenue growing in that business? And then is there other assets inside of software that could be up for sale as well, or is this more likely to be geography specific in different areas of the merchant business?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, good question. So, AdvancedMD was kind of growing in that high-single-digit range. Good healthy growth business doesn't really impact the growth outlook for our business going forward. You know, obviously our mid-term guide is our mid-term guide and it contemplated obviously our friends around AdvancedMD. So it's a good healthy growing business. And obviously we're delighted to be able to partner with Francisco Partners kind of going forward to continue to help drive growth in their business through payments and commerce enablement solutions. I think as it relates to what else may be in the mix. As we called out at our investor conference last month, we are planning to divest somewhere in the neighborhood of $500 million to $600 million of revenue. As we move forward, these are assets and businesses that we've called out already that we don't think strategically align with our refresh strategy and where we want to drive the business over a long period of time. So obviously, AdvancedMD was a first step in that process, but as you can imagine, given the guidance we provided, we have more things that we're working on. And to preserve the integrity of the processes we're trying to execute. I don't want to go any further than that, but obviously, just given what we shared last month, there's still things that we're working on that we think have the potential to be value enhancing, and we would look to execute them much the same way we did with AdvancedMD, with proceeds being returned to shareholders in a very efficient manner.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And just as my follow-up, core payments is still hanging in there despite the economic kind of weakness that we're seeing out there at mid-single-digits. I think for next year, given the guidance, it was probably the core that was going to maybe fall to low-single-digits. Can you just talk about what would be embedded to see core change to low-single-digits from the mid-single-digit where it is today?
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think there's a few things that I think are kind of worth calling out as it relates to that. One is just the general macro environment. I think your point is fair, where that's where some of the more macro-oriented risk and softness may hit our portfolio. And that's some of what we saw in Q3, you know, without a doubt, certainly as it relates to the sequential performance relative to Q2. But I would say that's also the part of the business where we have the most activities that we're probably going to stop doing as a business. And where we're exiting certain activities and lines of businesses, that may not be large divestitures like AdvancedMD, but maybe winddowns or just exits of activities that we're involved with today. So that's a little bit of what drives, I think some of the outlook for a core payments as we look to 2025. I think other things to note is, is we're working to kind of realign distribution activities. That's going to have an impact a little bit on our core payments. I'll give you one very specific example. In the fourth quarter, we're reorienting our compensation program for our FI partner channel, which sits in that core payments. Obviously, that might create a little bit of just softness in new production as we work to orient those sales professionals to a new compensation program that we think better in lines, incentives, with the outcomes we're trying to drive for our business. While obviously still creating a good opportunity for our sales professionals to continue to earn good revenue for themselves. But obviously that's work that we feel like we need to do around that channel and we're doing that this quarter. So those are the kind of things that we're working on as it relates to our transformation that may have an impact on our core payments business. And part of the reason as we look to 25, that's the area that we would expect perhaps to touch a slowdown that gets us to that mid-single-digit growth range as we look to reaccelerate in 26 and 27.
Bryan Keane: Okay, very helpful. Thanks for taking the questions.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Hey, I just have a question, really kind of a point of follow-up here, but the midpoint of the range, the 5% revenue growth that you're talking about for 25, just to be clear, are you like rebasing 24 and pulling out the $250 million to $260 million from AdvancedMD and then growing off of that base, or are you keeping the existing base and then telling us 5% growth?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Dan, I think the easiest way to think about it is that 5% is organic. You know, as we called out at the investor conference, we're looking to exit somewhere in the neighborhood of $500 million to $600 million of revenue. Obviously, AdvancedMD was the first step in that process. So as we think about organic growth, as we head into 2025, we're targeting that mid-single-digit range as we highlighted at our investor conference last month. So that's the easiest way to think about it as a revenue matter. Earnings are earnings. We're going to deliver double-digit growth and earnings next year. Obviously that assumes use of proceeds from any asset, divestitures, et cetera. But as a revenue matter, just think about that as an organic number. It will be impacted overall. Aggregate revenue will be impacted by whatever divestitures were successful with. Obviously, AdvancedMD being one we have clear line of sight to. So the numbers that we're providing for our medium term guide, they were all sort of organic numbers.
Dan Perlin: Yes, yes, that's helpful. And then just to follow-up here on kind of the fourth quarter exit rate implied. I mean, it does seem to imply kind of its holding steady relative to third quarter to get you to that 9%? And I just, I don't know, I feel like that's a hard sell given the salesforce pivot, you know, the rebranding, it's got to have some attrition potentially in it. As you say, there's the macro headwinds that are, you know, kind of falling heavy on core. So it's just anything else you could say about why you have such confidence that, that exit rate can actually hold similar to what you're seeing, despite the fact that you're doing all these things in the business, obviously, for the better, longer term? But it would just seem like there should be more disruption into the fourth quarter exit things? Thanks.
Josh Whipple: Yes, I don't know that I would say there's going to be sort of incrementally more disruption in the fourth quarter. A couple things that I would note in particular, one is we've seen October by and large and obviously October looks a little better than September. I think that's largely due to some of the weather impacts that we saw at the end of September, whether it's hurricanes, Helene and Milton and the impact that had in the Southeast of the U.S., or Storm Boris, which probably most of you have never heard of, but certainly had a pretty detrimental impact in Central Europe, which is an important market for us also in the September front time frame. So we're seeing a little bit of just the lack of kind of weather disruption, obviously, in October. That's given us a little better trend relative to what we saw in September. And I think we have a good line of sight to, you know, merchant looking, by and large, fairly consistent with what we saw in Q3, perhaps a little bit better. Some of that driven by, again, a lack of storm, some of it driven by a lack of FX headwinds. But by and large as we look to the fourth quarter expectations for the business, we've got good confidence in our ability to kind of exit, you know, around the same level, maybe slightly better than, you know, what we saw for Q3. For Issuer, it's largely the same macro trends, but obviously we are expecting a little bit of a bump up from the late sort of Q3 conversion cycle that we were able to execute successfully. No improvement really in the macro, but just given that, we expect a little better performance on Issuer for Q4, kind of exiting the year heading into 2025.
Dan Perlin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Just to follow up on that for a minute, so if we, I mean, that was very helpful for fourth quarter, Cameron. If we exit the year, which sounds like maybe a half a point or a point better than third quarter in terms of total revenue growth. And then I guess organically we're running somewhere closer to 6% versus the 5% organic this quarter. Just thinking about that set up for 2025, which I know you were trying to incorporate, you know, a little macro conservatism along with the maybe a point or so disruption to the business given the transformation? If you're exiting the year at that 6% range, maybe just remind us the building blocks that are positives and negatives in 25? The negatives we know could be the transformation, maybe macro, but starting off at roughly 6%, I guess, are there positives that offset those negatives to give us the conviction? It's just sort of revisiting a question from earlier on the 25 confidence on mid-single digit 5%.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a fair question, Darrin. I would say a few things, one is we're already working on our transformation initiative. So as we think about the things we're executing today, some of those we expect to start to have positive impacts for our business as we head into 2025. Certainly as we get to the back half of 2025, as we continue to execute initiatives in our pipeline, we expect to see the benefits of those starting to flow through performance. So that gives us some confidence, obviously, that as we head into the year, we're executing on initiatives that are going to be positive to the performance, even while we continue to work on other things, to your point, which may have a little bit of disruption to the business as we continue to work through transformation and position ourselves for kind of a re-acceleration in 26 and 27. So, as I look at it, it's largely, you know, there are probably 600 initiatives that we're working on in this business today as part of our transformation program. And many of those have short-term kind of life cycles to execute. Many of them have longer-term life cycles to execute. But as you look at the balance of activities that we have planned for our transformation initiatives, many of them are going to start to materialize in the 2025 timeframe and start to provide value for the business as we get certainly to the back half of 2025 and start to head into 2026. So I think we've given ourselves, just going back to my response to the earlier question, I think we've given ourselves flexibility. There's enough sort of cushion in terms of how we're positioning 2025, to be able to execute on the transformation, deliver on the performance I described, return $2 billion of capital to shareholders, and deliver double-digit growth and kind of earnings per share, again, while still positioning the business in the right way to kind of re-accelerate in 26 and 27.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Actually, on the topic of capital return, I mean, your free cash conversion was clearly better this quarter, and it's good to see the conversion still continuing as what you're expecting for fourth quarter? So when we think about the free cash that you have, and if you could just remind us of the timing of what you're going to be utilizing that for from a buyback standpoint when the accelerated share buyback is helpful, but just maybe even into next year's $2 billion buyback? And then just revisiting the leverage targets. You're still planning on being one at three turns by the end of the year?
Josh Whipple: Yes, so Darrin, this is Josh. Yes, so look, for the balance of the year, we obviously have the $600 million accelerated share repurchase, which we announced this morning. And then we have some additional capacity, which will be buying shares in the open market. We expect our leverage point to get back down to the low-3 times leverage point by the end of the year. And then as we go into next year, next year we'll be buying back approximately 2 billion worth of shares next year and continuing to go ahead and maintain that leverage point right around the 3 times time period. And then what I'd also say, Darren, is you think about the $7.5 billion that we said that we were going to go ahead and return to shareholders over the medium term outlook. Obviously, the closings from an -- from AdvancedMD is incremental, you know, to that as well. So again, that's kind of how we're thinking about capital allocation over the near-term and longer term.
Cameron Bready: And I would just add Darrin to that as we think about 2025, I mean, obviously, we'll be at our targeted leverage ratio by the time we exit 2024, which I think is good news. We're on target to do that. And as we highlighted this morning, we obviously reduce leverage kind of Q2 to Q3 and are at 3.3 times kind of for the end of Q3. So we're on the trajectory that we called out that we would be to get leverage to where we want it by the end of the year. Our base case for 2025 is that $2 billion in return will kind of be rateable, but we'll obviously take into consideration market conditions as we get into 2025 and think about the best and most efficient way to return capital to shareholders. As I step back and think about it maybe from a more macro perspective, if you look at the $7.5 billion that we've committed to over the next three years plus obviously the $600 million ASR that we announced this morning, we're somewhere in the neighborhood of 30% of our market cap, 33% of our market cap over the next few years, kind of getting returned to shareholders through capital returns, which I think is a pretty attractive opportunity to create value for shareholders over that timeframe.
Darrin Peller: Great, great. Thanks, Cameron. Thanks, guys.
Cameron Bready: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Tien-tsin Huang of J.P. Morgan. Please Go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey, good morning, everyone. I just wanted to ask on the commercial spend. I'm just curious how broad-based some of the softness is? Is this all about just weaker T&E volume? Are you seeing any change in cards and force? Again, just trying to figure out what's going on with the cycle? Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Tien-tsin, look I think it's just businesses being cautious in the macro environment we're in. I mean, it's kind of across the board from a commercial perspective. Certainly, T&E, which you see in our commercial card volumes, in our Issuer business. But also, we called out a little bit even in our B2B business, you know, we're seeing a little bit of just reduced flows, you know, we make money on both software and flows and we're seeing a little bit of reduced flows just around spanned overall from a business perspective. So I think it's pretty broad based. You know, we have a significant portion of the commercial market in the U.S. in our Issuer business. And so we are kind of the bellwether for how that market is faring. And certainly what we're seeing is, you know, an overarching kind of slowdown, I would say overall in business spending, that's kind of materializing in our results. We haven't lost any customers in that space. We continue to have the same book of business we had previously, so there's no change, I would say, from our perspective, it's really just the volume of flows that we're seeing in the overall market.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got it. No, no, I figured that was the case, just trying to understand some of the macro factors here. Always trying to learn, Cameron. On the -- my quick follow-up, just on the commercial agreement here with Francisco on AdvancedMD, you'll still be the payment provider exclusively with AdvancedMD as PayFac and is there still room to drive payments penetration given how long you've held it?
Cameron Bready: Yes, absolutely. I think there's going to be opportunities to drive more payment penetration in the business. We're not fully penetrated in the portfolio today, so we still have work to do to try to continue to penetrate the existing base of business. We did convert the model over time, to more of an integrated embedded sort of payback offering. And we've seen good traction around that in the last, call it year or so, in terms of being able to cross sell on net new wins in the AMD business, you know, and sort of go after the existing back book of business. And obviously, Francisco has its own growth aspirations for the business. So as they're adding new customers, we have to be able to partner with them with an embedded payment offering that will be relatively seamless as a new sales perspective. So we still see good runway for growth. I think AdvancedMD, if you recall, was an integrated partner of ours prior to us acquiring it and will remain an integrated partner of ours sort of post the divestiture and will continue to look to grow and scale with them as they move forward and execute on their own initiatives.
Tien-tsin Huang: That's great. Thank you, Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Tien-tsin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Trevor Williams of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Trevor Williams: Great. Thanks a lot. I wanted to go back to the merchant growth in the quarter. It looks like on an organic constant currency basis growth flowed by at least the point and it sounds like weather was probably the biggest impact in there, but if you guys could put some more detail just around the moving pieces, second to third quarter, and then Cameron, based on what you're saying about October, if Q4 is a little bit better. I mean, anything more specific on order of magnitude there for merchant? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a good question. So I think your math is roughly right. I think from Q2 to Q3, it's about a point. Yes, weather was some of it, but I would say there was even before the weather impacts kind of in September, there was a little bit of macro softness Q2 to Q3 sequentially. And I think you've seen that sort of borne out in some of the other commentary by others who have reported this quarter already. So that's largely the driver as we look at kind of Q2 to Q3, and it's about in that ballpark. So think 6% kind of organic growth in the quarter versus a little north of 7%, you know, in Q3. As we look at Q4, we're expecting a little bit better, so I wouldn't, you know, I wouldn't get ahead of my skis too far here, but certainly as it relates to what we saw in Q3, we're expecting, you know, obviously not to see the same weather impacts that we saw in Q3 and Q4, and we expect a little bit less kind of FX headwind in Q4 relative to Q3. So we are expecting a little bit of sequential improvement there. But, you know, again, it's not, I wouldn't say it's going to be significant.
Trevor Williams: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then Cameron, any updated view on Cap One Discover, assuming that closes and ultimately how that could impact you guys if there's even a potential accounts on file tail end for you there over time and then just curious within the medium term outlook, what you guys have assumed for that relationship. Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a great question. Obviously, Capital One is a longstanding partners of ours, and we just renewed our agreement with them just prior to them announcing their Discover transaction. So look, I can't get too far into that conversation, but all I can say is they've been a long partner, longstanding partner of ours. We have a great relationship with those guys. We're clearly aware of what it is they're trying to accomplish, I think, through the merger with Discover, and ultimately expect that they'll be successful with that endeavor. And the last thing I would just say, they built their entire sort of ecosystem around our capability. So as we think about the future and that combined sort of Capital One Discover World, we think that's positive news for our business. But it's a little premature for us to be sort of forecasting things into our outlook around that, just given that they are obviously still in the regulatory approval process. But longer term, to the extent we're successful, we think it will be a positive for our ongoing relationship with Capital One.
Trevor Williams: Great. Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask on the merchant segment margins, it looked like you were up 90 bps in the quarter, which I think was better-than-expected, and you ticked up the full-year guide there by a hair. So, curious just what drove some of the outperformance?
Josh Whipple: Yes, thanks Jason. So, well, look, so what I would say is Q3 performance is slightly better than our initial expectations. We benefited in the quarter from better revenue mix, even though synergies were flowing in, and then we saw some really strong execution. We do expect margin expansion to be more consistent with the overall outlook in Q4, so we do expect that to be in the 50 basis point range, but as you as you rightly pointed out you know we did go ahead and raise our margin expectation for merchant to up to 40 basis points for the full-year. And the only other comment I would say, Jason, if you think about, if you go back to Q2 of 2023, where we saw margin compression of 170 basis points over the last five or six quarters, we've done exactly what we said we were going to do. And we've seen continued sequential margin improvement quarter-over-quarter, if you go back. So we're really pleased with the margin performance in Q3. And as I said, you know, it gave us a lot of confidence in raising the guidance for the full-year of up to 40.
Cameron Bready: The only thing I would add Jason, just obviously execution there remains strong and where we're seeing growth in our business, or more sort of attractive growth in the business, our area is where we have room to sort of expand margins further as well. So we think the margin tailwinds for merchants, particularly now that we've largely worked through kind of the EVO integration. Obviously we're pleased with the performance in Q3 and very much on track to deliver that slightly higher expectation kind of for the full-year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And then just the point of sale in software bookings, I think I saw that was up 30% in the quarter. I think the number you had given at Investor Day on an LTM basis was that it had been up about 10%. So I'm sure it can be lumpy in a given quarter, but based on the pipeline you're seeing, I mean what's kind of a reasonable zip code going forward just you know obviously this is a key growth engine for the overall segment?
Cameron Bready: Yes it's a fair question we have a strong bookings quarter obviously. And I think what that suggests as much as anything else is we have the right products and capabilities and solutions to win in the marketplace across our point of sale and vertical market software businesses. So we've got a lot of confidence in our capabilities and we have a lot of belief, obviously, that we have the right solutions for the marketplace. To your very good point, they can be lumpy, you know, quarter-over-quarter. So I wouldn't read too much into one quarter performance or another, positively or negatively for that matter as it relates to bookings growth. The overall trend we're looking to see is obviously strong double-digit bookings growth across that portfolio of businesses. On an LTM basis, it was 12%. That's what we called out at the investor conference. We had a very strong Q3, obviously, that we reported this morning from a bookings perspective. But, you know, we want to see that well into the double-digits and I think that reflects kind of good healthy commercial productivity and that we have the right products and solutions to win in the marketplace and if we keep delivering at that level obviously that is what underscores kind of the outlook that we have, and particularly the acceleration in merchant as we get into 26 and 27 is going to be driven by our ongoing success in that channel.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question today is coming from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette: Hey, thanks very much. I just want to follow-up on that last question around POS specifically and that re-platforming and that lumpiness. I just wonder if you can help sensitize us to, you know, the rollout of that, what that -- what we should think about it, at least anecdotally? What may happen with attrition, any disruption that's there, and then how we should be thinking about that lumpiness kind of normalizing over time just so we have a good sense of what that sales motion looks like?
Cameron Bready: Yes, look, it's a fair question. And when I talk about lumpiness, I kind of talk about lumpiness of bookings, you know, that may sort of vary from one quarter to the next. I don't know that I would say the overall performance of the business, I would expect to be lumpy. You know, there are conversion timeframes to bring new people on, there are implementation timeframes. So as we think about managing the portfolio within POS in particular, I would expect performance to be more consistent even if bookings may vary a little bit from one quarter to the next. I would say as a re-platforming matter, obviously, we're trying to strike the right balance here. We want to move to a consolidated platform. We want to be able to bring all the best capabilities we have across the variety of point of sale environments that we're operating today into one common unified platform so we can deliver that in all the different markets around the globe. We want to deliver it. But at the same time, we want to continue to grow the business and scale the business effectively. So we're trying to strike that right balance as we move forward in time. We'll continue to go to market with the capabilities we have as we work to align brands and align platforms. At some point, obviously, we're going to demise kind of existing legacy platforms and solely focus on selling kind of our net new consolidated platforms as a go to market matter. But that's largely, again, what's implied in the 25, 26, and 27 outlook that we shared last month. Some of the impact in 25 is from doing the work that I just described. So I don't know that we would see, you know, the same level of performance in 25 that we'd expect to see in 26 and 27 as we get the realignment done, the re-platforming done, and we go to market with that more unified motion around the common platforming capabilities, I expect to see the benefits of that start to flow through in 26 and 27.
James Faucette: Got it, appreciate that, that's great. And then, wanted to ask, and sorry if I kind of missed this, but on the SMB volume growth of 5%, can you remind us what that was last quarter? And then, are you seeing a softening trend there that kind of maybe matches up with some of the commercial activity that you see and you know, just trying to get, I guess, more of a your view on the macro on both sides of what could be happening there?
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a good question. I would say, you know, in Q2, excuse me, it was 6%. So it's about a point, you know, relative to Q2 performance. I think overall, it's more the broader economy and then to a lesser degree, as we talked about before, some of the specific weather-related impacts we kind of called out in the September timeframe. As I said, already October looks a little better than September, and I think that's largely the absence of the weather impacts, you know, kind of in the month, and a fairly stable macro environment relative to what we saw, you know, in the broader sort of Q3 timeframe. So I don't know that I would read too much into it, you know, as it relates to what we're seeing from a commercial activity and Issuer versus, you know, what we're seeing in terms of trends and SMB. If you think about commercial for issuer, that's going to be largely skewed towards larger businesses that are running commercial card programs and spend programs. Yes, there is some SMB in there, but I think it's more reflective of just where businesses are today relative to their willingness to spend, just given the overall macro uncertainty that we're operating in. I think the SMB volume that we're seeing, you know, largely just reflects kind of the broader trends we're seeing in the marketplace, both here in the U.S. and to some degree in markets outside the U.S. as well.
James Faucette: That's awesome. Thanks, Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Appreciate the question. Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning. I hope everyone has a great rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time or log off the webcast and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments' Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments second quarter 2024 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain Risk Factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental material available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call is our CEO, Cameron Bready and our CFO, Josh Whipple. Now, I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Winnie and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We're pleased with our performance for the second quarter, driven by consistent execution of our strategy focused on being the worldwide partner of choice for commerce solutions. Specifically, we achieved 6% adjusted net revenue growth or 7% excluding the impact of the divestiture of net spends consumer assets, and delivered adjusted earnings per share growth of 12% in the quarter. We also expanded adjusted operating margin of 40 basis points as we continue to drive efficiency in our business, leveraging the scale position we enjoy in our core markets, and realize synergy benefits from the EVO acquisition. There are a number of noteworthy highlights to cover this morning. Starting with merchant solutions, we delivered high single-digit organic growth, largely driven by our differentiated capabilities across our integrated software and point-of-sale businesses as market demand for embedded payments and commerce enablement solutions continues to accelerate. Our integrated business saw double-digit growth in the quarter, aided by continued strong booking trends in business development results, with new ISV partner signings up 30% year-to-date. Our ongoing success in identifying and signing new ISVs in this channel is partly attributable to our progressive payment facilitation solution, or PROFAC, which we launched mid-last year. Active merchants on this solution have increased 40%, and average merchant volumes have improved 60% since the end of 2023. We remain confident in our competitive positioning in this market and are investing in our capabilities to ensure we preserve our leadership position. We continue to focus on differentiating ourselves by one, our ability to meet the specific needs of our partners by leveraging the breadth and depth of our solutions; and two, the expansive additional embedded commerce capabilities we can attach to the underlying payments relationship. With both new and existing integrated partners, we are seeing an improvement in the average annual revenue opportunity with new merchants as we focus on cross-selling commerce enablement solutions. This includes human capital management and payroll, loyalty and marketing, analytics and customer engagement solutions, as well as B2B software. Speaking of B2B, it is worth noting that we continue to see increased demand for our B2B acceptance solutions as we further leverage the PayFabric platform we acquired with EVO. Our proprietary integrations with some of those widely used ERP environments in the market are critical delivering the embedded frictionless automation necessary to improve process efficiencies for our customers. We saw more than a 50% increase in new ISV partnerships leveraging our PayFabric capabilities in the second quarter as more B2B spend shifts to digital channels. In our vertical market businesses we saw double-digit growth in software bookings this quarter with particular strength in education, real estate, and healthcare. Notable wins include a new partnership with the Los Angeles Unified School District, the second largest in the U.S., which will leverage our full suite of capabilities across Point of Sale, MySchoolBucks, Cafeteria Management, as well as our Back-of-House solutions. With this addition we now have partnerships with the three largest school districts in the United States. Our real estate business signed a new partnership with the YES Communities, a leading provider of manufactured housing communities across the United States, and expanded existing relationships with community association solutions company, associated asset management, and commercial and residential real estate service provider Tobin Capital Group. Also this quarter we launched a new residential pay-outs product to streamline and automate the return of security deposits, which we are already successfully cross-selling to customers. We also saw strong growth in our Point of Sale software business this quarter, adding roughly 3,500 new locations. Demand for our Point of Sale and Embedded Commerce Solutions remain strong across the segments of the restaurant and retail verticals we target. Our solutions are designed to grow with the customer's business, leveraging a common technology stack that enables customers to easily add functionality as they expand. This allows us to serve the small end of the SMB market and scale with merchants as they grow, while also addressing the more complex needs of quick service restaurants and sports entertainment venues. To that end we are excited to announce a new partnership with Diamond Baseball Holdings to serve as the official commerce technology partner for its minor league baseball franchises in the United States and Canada. We are currently installed in 13 of these stadiums and we expect to fully roll out our solutions at additional ball parks across Diamond's club portfolio before the 2025 season opens. We also signed new stadium partnerships with multiple UK football clubs, including Newcastle, Birmingham City, and Nottingham Forrest during the quarter. And we are proud to have supported a major professional football championship across multiple stadiums, a Grand Slam tennis tournament, and a major golf tournament with our Point of Sale and payment solutions in Europe this summer. We also went live this quarter with a leading parks and entertainment company and are now providing the food and beverage in retail Point of Sale solutions at its theme park locations in Florida. And we continue to see great momentum in food service management where we are the partner of choice to the three largest players in this space, which serve a 20% improvement in related bookings this quarter. In the restaurant and retail verticals in North America, where our POS software is targeted towards SMB and mid-market customers, in addition to the strong rooftop growth, we achieved a greater than 70% attach rate of our embedded commerce solutions with new customers. It's just one example we are seeing significant demand for loyalty and marketing tools with locations leveraging our customer engagement software, increasing over 100% this quarter compared to the prior year. Additionally, we are pleased with the market reception of our recently released next-generation Point of Sale software, including the improved user interface, our intuitive experience across iOS and Android-based devices, and the mobile first design that drives best in class omnichannel experiences for our merchants and their consumers. While still early days, these new offerings are benefiting our performance and we expect a more meaningful contribution to revenue in 2025 as we gain scale. We also continue to see good momentum expanding our Point of Sale offerings into markets outside of the U.S. It's worth highlighting that we have begun highlighting our Point of Sale offering in Germany and anticipate a full commercial launch next month. We also remain on track to bring our Point of Sale software to key additional international markets, including Mexico, Ireland, Poland, Austria, and Romania, over the next 12 to 15 months. In Germany, our Commerce Bank joint venture, Commerce Global Pay, went live this quarter, and we were off to a fantastic start. While we were just beginning to leverage Commerce Banks' relationships with the roughly 26,000 corporate clients and almost 11 million private and small business customers, we are already seeing strong lead generation and substantial opportunities to further digitize the payment experience while also allowing us to build a scale business in this attractive market. Lastly, we are continuing to see strong demand for our Pan-European solutions. Notably, we are realizing attractive growth in the EV charging sector and recently signed a partnership with a major European energy provider to support the expansion of public charging solutions throughout Central Europe. We also made two small tuck-in acquisitions in Europe this quarter to continue to improve our strategic positioning. The first was the acquisition of Takepayments, a small provider of payment solutions to SMB merchants in the UK. Takepayments serves to meaningfully diversify and expand our direct distribution capability and demand generation solutions as the UK market continues to evolve beyond traditional bank-based referral channels. It also provides attractive opportunities for us to cross-sell our commerce enablement solutions into its customer base. This investment allows us to reorient our distribution approach in the UK market with leading demand-gen capabilities and represents opportune timing as we are starting to see some signs of stability in the UK market more broadly. We have a strong pipeline of new business here with the hospitality and unattended verticals notable bright spots, including our recent win of Virgin's hotel business in the UK. The second acquisition at the end of the quarter was of an early stage technology development company that we were previously partnering with in Europe to drive our terminal on mobile offerings. Given the strong demand we have seen for our terminal on mobile offerings and the expected long-term importance they will play to our point-of-sale plans, it was strategically important for us to bring this technology in-house to unify our offerings globally and to control the entire value stack enabling our solutions. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we continue to see strong execution across our business. We completed two large conversions this quarter, which in combination with existing customer growth, drove a healthy increase in accounts on file sequentially. We also have a near-record implementation pipeline of more than 65 million accounts and seven active LOIs. Further, we are having ongoing success in cross-selling our value-added service solutions and completed 30 product implementations for existing clients this quarter across our fraud, virtual card, and communications platforms. From a macro perspective and similar to what you heard from our FI partners in the networks, we saw a modest deceleration in transaction volumes this quarter, which was largely driven by commercial card activity. We recently renewed our multi-decade issuer relationship with NatWest spanning both its consumer and commercial portfolios, cementing our position with one of the largest and most active clients in Europe. NatWest recently announced its acquisition of Sainsbury Bank further highlighting the importance of our strategy to align ourselves with market share winners. We look forward to opportunities to continue to expand our partnership with them in the future. Additionally, we have now launched our partnership with Outpayce, a leading global travel technology company owned by Amadeus, providing issuer solutions technology for its platforms across Europe. Outpayce is our first fintech customer operating in our AWS cloud environment in Europe, with many other clients in the pipeline. Most importantly, we also continue to make progress on our issuer modernization program and remain on track to complete the development of our client-facing applications this year. We have already initiated customer pilots and continue to expect commercial launch next year. Through modernization, we meaningfully increased our addressable market by broadening our opportunity set to include mid-market and smaller banks in addition to new geographies. Our investments also drive greater enablement capabilities for our clients and allow our leading applications and solutions to be more easily consumable by fintechs who are developing new used cases around cards. Shifting to B2B, we are seeing good trends in new bookings for our AP automation software in our core mid-market segment, while virtual card spend continues to ramp. Additionally, we signed several notable new customers for our employer solutions, including relationships with TERRA Staffing Group and Rainbow Pizza, which operates nearly 50 Domino's locations throughout Texas. We also renewed partnerships with AMC Theatres and Cracker Barrel. Before I turn the call over to Josh, I would like to highlight the appointment of Bob Cortopassi as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Global Payments. Bob is a proven growth-oriented leader and operator as well as a trusted colleague with an exceptional track record of managing key businesses across our organization during his 12-year tenure with the company. Most recently, Bob served as our Senior Executive Vice President and President of International and Vertical Markets for our Merchant Solutions business and previously led our integrated business for nearly a decade. I look forward to partnering with Bob, and I'm confident in the role he will play in our company's continued future success. Josh?
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Cameron. Our solid finance performance for the second quarter was consistent with our expectations and reflects continued strong execution across our business despite ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. We delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.32 billion for the quarter, an increase of 6% from the prior year or 7% excluding the impact of the Netspend divestiture. Our reported adjusted net revenue includes a roughly 50 basis point headwind from adverse foreign currency exchange rates relative to the second quarter of 2023. Adjusted operating margin increased 40 basis points to 45.2% and we reported adjusted earnings per share of $2.93, an increase of 12% compared to the same period in 2023. Taking a closer look at performance by segment, Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.8 billion for the second quarter, reflecting growth of 8%. This includes less than a point of contribution from the acquisition of Takepayments, which offset the roughly 50 basis point impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates during the period. Our U.S. business delivered high single-digit growth in the quarter as we continued to benefit from our software-centric strategy, with both our integrated payments and point-of-sale businesses delivering double-digit growth for the period. We also saw strength in our vertical markets portfolio with our real estate, higher education, and healthcare solutions being notable bright spots. Outside of the U.S., we achieved mid-single-digit organic growth in Europe with notable strength across our faster-growth geographies, including Poland and Greece. We were also pleased to see trends start to stabilize in the United Kingdom. Separately, our LATAM business realized double-digit growth as we continue to benefit from the strong secular payment trends in Mexico. This performance was partially offset by ongoing weakness in the macroeconomic environment in Asia Pacific. We delivered adjusted operating margin of 48.8% in the Merchant segment, an increase of 30 basis points, reflecting ongoing sequential improvement since completing the acquisition of EVO Payments last year as expected. We were executing against our synergy plans related to the EVO transaction and we remain on track to achieve $135 million in run rate expense synergies within two years, and integration expenses are continuing to trend lower as we have seen over the last several quarters. Issuer Solutions produced adjusted net revenue of $527 million, reflecting growth of over 4%. This includes a roughly 50 basis point impact from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates during the period. This quarter, we added 8 million traditional accounts on file sequentially or nearly 50 million accounts year-over-year, as we continue to benefit from ongoing execution of our conversion pipeline in addition to account growth with our existing FI customers. We've had an especially busy year with new client implementations. Year-to-date, we have completed nine implementations with over 8 million accounts. I'm especially proud of our team who has delivered these on time and with outstanding quality. We have six more implementations to complete for the remainder of the year. Issuer transactions increased mid-single digits compared to the second quarter of 2023, which was a modest deceleration from the prior quarter. This was largely driven by softer commercial volumes as businesses take a more cautious approach to spending given the overall level of macroeconomic uncertainty. We also saw a slight deceleration in consumer transaction growth sequentially, similar to what was reported by the networks and our FI partners. Focusing on our Issuer B2B portfolio, our AP automation software continued to see healthy growth in the core mid-market segment on a normalized basis in the second quarter. And while our Paycard solution is seeing some headwinds from softer employment trends due to the macro environment, we are encouraged by the active new sales pipeline we have in the business. Issuer Solutions delivered adjusted operating margin of 46.8%, an increase of 10 basis points compared to the prior year as we continue to drive efficiencies in the business. This was achieved despite facing a difficult comparison. As you may recall, issuer margins expanded 300 basis points during the second quarter of 2023 as we pivoted the business to more technology enablement and away from lower-margin managed services offerings. We've now lapped those related margin benefits. From a cash flow standpoint, we produced strong adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of approximately $680 million, which is 25% higher than the prior year period. This also represents a roughly 91% conversion rate of adjusted net income to adjusted free cash flow, up from approximately 80% last year. It is worth noting that adjusted free cash flow this quarter included a relatively small positive adjustment related to settlement timing for the period as the second quarter began -- again, ended on a weekend, as it has for the prior three quarters. With the third quarter ending on a weekday, we expect the larger impact from the settlement prefunding we saw in the back half of last year to reverse. We invested $179 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and continue to expect capital spending to be around $670 million or roughly 7% of revenue in 2024, consistent with our long-term targets. Further, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for roughly $100 million in the quarter. Our leverage position was just under 3.5 times at the end of the second quarter and we remain on track for our leverage level to be in the low 3s by year-end, consistent with our long-term targets. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we have approximately $3.6 billion of available liquidity. Our total indebtedness is approximately 97% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.37%. Turning to the outlook, we are pleased with how our business is positioned as we begin the second half of the year. We continue to expect reported adjusted net revenue to range from $9.17 billion to $9.30 billion, reflecting growth of 6% to 7% over 2023. This now includes an expectation for foreign currency exchange rates to be a headwind of up to 75 basis points in the second half of the year. We still expect annual adjusted operating margin to expand up to 50 basis points for 2024, driven by the benefits to our business mix from our ongoing shift towards technology enablement, partially offset by the lower margin profile of EVO prior to full synergy realization. To provide color at the segment level, we continue to expect our merchant business to report adjusted net revenue growth of 9% plus for the full year. This remains consistent with our prior outlook despite our expectation that unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates will now be a headwind in the back half of the year. We expect these headwinds to be offset by the inclusion of the acquisition of Takepayments that Cameron discussed, which we expect to contribute roughly a point of growth for the second half of the year. We also continue to expect up to 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the merchant business in 2024, with expansion improving in the back half compared to the first half performance as EVO synergy realization ramps. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we continue to anticipate adjusted net revenue growth in the 5% to 6% range for the full year compared to 2023. However, given the headwind we now expect from foreign currency exchange rates and the modest deceleration we're seeing in commercial card transactions, we now expect to be at the low end of this range. We still anticipate adjusted operating margin for the issuer business to expand by up to 50 basis points. Moving to a couple of non-operating items. We expect net interest expense to be $500 million this year and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%, which is consistent with our prior outlook. Putting it all together, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $11.54 to $11.70, reflecting growth of 11% to 12% over 2023. And finally, our outlook continues to reflect the potential for a slightly more tempered economic environment in the second half of 2024. Now I'll turn the call back over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thank you, Josh. Moving forward, we remain committed to sharpening our strategic focus and simplifying our business to position Global Payments as the partner of choice for Commerce Solutions in the markets that we believe have the highest potential. We are finalizing the review of our business that began earlier this year. That work has involved a thoughtful and methodical assessment of our assets, which has helped us to identify meaningful opportunities to better align our organization to drive sustainable growth. Over the last two decades, we have built one of the leading global payments technology companies. As we move into the next phase of growth, we are simplifying our portfolio and streamlining our operations to deliver product-led customer-centric solutions, while continuing to emphasize service as a key differentiator for our business. Ultimately, we expect executing on these initiatives will allow us to gain share, free up capital to invest in innovation, and deliver sustainable performance through the cycle. We look forward to providing you with more details on the changes we are making at our investor conference to be held on Tuesday, September 24th in New York City. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Cameron. Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we'll now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thanks for taking my question. Given the sort of unstable macro environment, could you give us your latest thoughts with the inclusion of EVO and everything else you've got going on in your business about the split between discretionary and nondiscretionary volumes in merchant, how much of the portfolio is exposed to credit versus debit and things like that?
Cameron Bready: Okay Ramsey, good morning. It's Cameron. I'll maybe comment on that. Look, my own perspective on the discretionary, nondiscretionary split is, it's a bit arbitrary these days. I think what's discretionary to one person, maybe nondiscretionary to another and vice versa. I think we've always looked at our portfolio as being very well diversified across what have been traditionally considered discretionary and nondiscretionary verticals. And I think even post EVO we're still in a position where as I look at the mix of business we have today, I think we're very well diversified. We're very well diversified geographically, I think around the globe. We're very well diversified across vertical markets. We're very well diversified kind of across revenue streams as well. So as I think about the overall mix of the business, particularly against the backdrop of, again, a somewhat uncertain macro environment, I remain very confident in the resilience and durability of the model that we've built, largely on the back of a business that's pretty well diversified, again, across different types of payments businesses with our merchant and issuer mix as well as different verticals, different geographies, etcetera. So I think the mix of business we have is good, and it positions us well for whatever macro environment we may face as we continue to move forward.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thanks and a follow-up for me. You called out ProFac as being an important driver of new ISV signings. Can you comment a little more on how ProFac increases the sort of ISV TAM for you guys, what types of clients are you now signing with ProFac that you weren't before, is it just merchant -- sort of client size or is there some other axis to look at it on?
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a good question, Ramsey. The way I think about the ProFac business is it largely fills a need in the market for clients who need some payment facilitation capabilities, largely around the onboarding experience that, that delivers to merchants and some of the funding flexibility that comes through payment facilitation capabilities. But they are not scaled enough to be able to take on all the responsibilities of being a payment facility, particularly as it relates to underwriting, risk management, etcetera. So it fills a nice niche in the market for, I would say, on average, probably smaller ISVs that need some payment facilitation capabilities, but really aren't in a position to take on all the burdens of that themselves. And I think that's sort of middle of the ground solution that we've been able to offer, has been very well received by the market, and it does kind of open up a new area where I think before we had not been as successful in signing kind of ISV partners. So I think what I'm most pleased about as it relates to the integrated business is, obviously, the ongoing sort of consistent growth that we're seeing in that channel, but the -- and continued investment in capabilities to make sure that we sustain our leadership position in that market and our ability to sort of tailor our offerings to meet specific needs of ISV customers in the marketplace to compete very effectively against other solution providers.
Ramsey El-Assal: Perfect, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you guys, good morning. I wanted to ask about merchant volume growth to start. So it came in at 6%. I think organically, that was maybe a tick down of a couple of points, if I'm not mistaken. Can you talk a little bit about what maybe drove that decal, I'm guessing leap year was probably worth a point, but also looked like there was a little bit of decoupling of the volume versus the revenue growth that had kind of been on top of each other for a period of time, so I don't know if that was mix related, appreciate any thoughts on that?
Cameron Bready: Yes, I'll make a couple of comments. I would say it declined sequentially about a point. If you look at our sort of revenue ex-Takepayments, it was up roughly kind of 7.5% organically, year-over-year, volume is up 6%. Last quarter, it was I think, 8% and 7%. So generally, I would say, a pretty consistent trend that we've seen sequentially Q1 and Q2. I think to your point, leap year probably had a little bit of an impact. The macro, obviously, other networks and competitors have reported and generally seeing the same trends as it relates to the overall volume environment and macro environment more broadly. So I don't think that's really unique to us. Takepayments delivers on the balance -- slightly more revenue than it does volume contribution. So I think net-net, we're sort of still within a point of each other as it relates to organic revenue growth and volume that we saw in the business.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's helpful. And then on merchant margins, up 30 bps in the quarter, that was a bit better. I think in the guide, the guide was for flat wondering what drove that and maybe if you can just speak to kind of your confidence level in the full year guide, I know we're still talking about up to 30 bps. But do we feel like the probability of getting all the way to 30 is higher based on where we are in the year and what you see in front of you in terms of the incremental cost synergies from EVO?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Jason, it's a good question. Maybe I'll start and I'll ask Josh to jump in. I would just say, overall, we're very pleased with the margin expansion we saw in the merchant business. And I would just note that despite absorbing Takepayments, it comes in at roughly half of our margin today. So yes, we did perform a little bit better than we expected in the second quarter from a margin expansion perspective in the merchant business. I think it largely reflects kind of continued strong execution and obviously, some of the growth trends we're seeing in aspects of the business that have attractive margin profiles for us. So I think overall, really pleased with the outcome there, as I said, and we grew it 30 basis points site absorbing Takepayments that comes in and again, about half of that margin. The last point I would make is we're still targeting 30 basis points for the year, our language is up to 30, but just to be very clear, we're targeting 30 for the year. And I'll let Josh maybe comment a little bit about what we see in the back half.
Josh Whipple: Yes, Jason. So as we think about merchant margins, what I would say is that with the EVO integration, we continue to see synergies flow in. As I mentioned, I think last quarter, in 2023, we realized 25% of the $135 million. And this year, we expect to go ahead and realize 50%. And as it relates to the back half of the year, we expect merchant margins to be approximately expand 50 basis points, and that gives you kind of the up 30 basis points for the full year. So we're pretty pleased with how healthy the margin expansion looks like for the overall merchant business.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And I assume that would skew a little bit towards Q4 versus Q3 just as we think about cadence, is that fair just as synergy is built?
Josh Whipple: Yes, that's fair.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Great, thank you very much. I wanted to touch on the ISV channel. It seemed like you had made some good progress and that kind of thing. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about how we should be thinking about the growth potential there and what dynamics in that segment may be different than what you see in the rest of your merchant business generally?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think it's a fair question. And I'll just start by saying, look, that's where the market is going. We've talked for many years about the intersection of software and payments. And obviously, we've worked very hard to position our business at that intersection because more and more, we see merchant clients, particularly in the SMB space that we serve, making payments decisions largely based on sort of the underlying software technology that they're using to run their business. And obviously, that is true in restaurant and retail where point-of-sale is now kind of the mode of competition for payment acceptance in those key vertical markets from a consumer spend standpoint, excuse me, struggling to get that out. But we also see it across other vertical markets as well, which is why, obviously, we've been leaning into our integrated strategy over the course of many years. We've leaned into our vertical market software strategy over the course of many years. And obviously, we're investing more in point-of-sale capabilities because that's where the market is going. So we think about long-term trends, obviously, particularly within SMB, as I mentioned before, it's all geared around payment decisions being made through the software that these businesses are using to kind of run their business day in and day out and making sure we're well positioned either with our ISV partners or through our own software to continue to benefit from those trends as a core part of how we think about our strategy in the merchant business going forward.
James Faucette: Got it. Appreciate that. And then in the press release, you talked about looking for efficiencies and the like. And clearly, that's something you're probably always in. But is there anything incremental that you're looking at in the second half of the year and how much are you thinking about that, if at all, to contribute to the margin targets -- and margin improvement targets you have for this year and how should we think about any spillover into 2025? Thanks a lot.
Cameron Bready: Yes. It's a really good question, and let me start just by saying, obviously, we have our Investor Conference coming up in September, which we're very much looking forward to. And we're going to lay all this out, I think, in what some might describe as excruciating detail at that point in time. But as I step back and think about it, we see pretty meaningful opportunities to streamline and simplify our business internally. And we think that those opportunities are going to unlock a fair amount of value that we're going to be able to redeploy in our business to continue to invest in growth-oriented initiatives as well as continue to improve returns in our business and certainly returns on invested capital in our business. So these are meaningful enough opportunities that we certainly think they're worth pursuing, and we intend to lay all of that out for you in the September Investor Conference. As it relates to 2024, none of that is really reflected in our 2024 outlook. I would say the back half of the year the margin expansion targets are largely geared towards what's happening in the business today. And most of the expectations, as it relates to sort of the opportunities we see to streamline, simplify and unlock value, those are sort of 2025 and beyond kind of benefits that we would expect to be able to realize. And again, we'll share more of those details as we get to our investor conference.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys, nice job on the quarter. I want to touch on the underlying driver of the merchant business because -- so Cameron, if you could just maybe revisit and break it down by obviously, the ISV business, the verticals, the software business you have and then maybe just the -- businesses in terms of the growth and the margin profile that's contributing, just noticing that margins obviously outperformed in the merchant side in the quarter, even despite what you said, which is Takepayments coming on as I think diluted margin, you were able to offset that and outperform on margins. So I guess we'd love to hear more about what's driving the strength in the merchant side of the business to sustain and the margin profile of each of those businesses that's allowing you to be?
Cameron Bready: Yes, maybe I'll start and I'll ask Josh to share a few perspectives as well. And I'll maybe hedge my comments a little bit Darrin, just by saying a lot of this is good fodder for our conversation as we get into September, and we sort of frame up the business the way we think about it as a go-forward matter. But clearly, you laid out a few key sort of things that probably are worth spending a little time on this morning. So as we think about the business today, obviously, we, as I mentioned before, are very focused on the merchant business positioning as it relates to the intersection of software and payments. We continue to think that is the future of the SMB space and the markets that are core to us today, most specifically the U.S., and that's going to continue to be the trend of evolution in markets outside of the U.S. over a longer period of time. So our ISV strategy, our own software strategy, and maybe most particularly, just given the relevance of retail and restaurant from a consumer spend perspective to our business, our point-of-sale software strategies are really core to where we want to drive the business over a longer period of time. Those are healthy technology-led businesses. They are continuing to grow, and they're continuing to scale, and they're continuing to contribute to the overall margin expansion we're seeing in the business. So I think that as we step back and think about sort of where are we going, it's largely driven by our investments in those areas, our ability to continue to differentiate through technology, and obviously generate margins and scale those businesses in a way that contribute to the overall rate of margin expansion for our business. As we think about more traditional payments markets, they may not grow at the same pace as our technology-enabled or software-oriented businesses, but they generally have stable growth rates and they have higher margins. Those margins may not drive the same sort of margin expansion for our business overall, but they contribute a lot of cash that obviously allows us to invest in the more growth orienting -- oriented and margin expanding sort of elements of the business so that we can get to that overall mix of margins that we're targeting and margin expansion that we're targeting for the business. And then, of course, there is markets internationally that we're growing nicely as well. We're continuing to scale our businesses as well, and that is contributing to sort of margin expansion in our overall kind of emerging business. And then lastly, I would just say, we benefit from being a large-scale player. Obviously, we are able to spread those fixed costs across a large global scaled merchant acquiring businesses. And as we think about the business going forward, and I talked about this before, we're very focused on ensuring that we're sort of leaning into markets where we are a scale player today or have clear line of sight to becoming a scale player in markets that were not a scale player today, and we don't have clear line of sight to becoming a scale player over time. I think we need to think hard about whether we should be in those markets, and that's been a big part of what we've been looking at as part of our strategic review. So more to come on that in September. But I think, hopefully, that gives you some sense as to how we think about it at a macro perspective.
Darrin Peller: Well, that's really helpful. Can I just ask one quick follow-up on financials for a minute. The free cash did come in strong -- better as we had hoped. I think you had about 81% or 80% to 81% conversion of GAAP versus it looks like 90% plus adjusted conversion. And I know a lot of it is timing dynamics on working capital. So just revisit that for a minute and just maybe reiterate if you still feel good about the timing, working capital dynamics helping improve as we keep going through the year and even better from these levels?
Josh Whipple: Yes, Darrin, we fully expect to go ahead and convert out of the 100% this year, less obviously the R&D tax credit, which is about 5 points. But I think that the big change that you saw on a year-over-year basis is the growth in the business and operating income, lower interest expense and a change in working capital. But again, this is something that we continue to go ahead and manage very, very closely, and we feel confident with regard to our initial guide of 100% conversion, excluding the R&D tax credit for the full year.
Cameron Bready: And Darrin, it's Cameron. I'll just add a couple of things. We provided a little more sort of granularity around our reporting of adjusted free cash flow that we think will be helpful. We've broken out customer deposits, and we have provided a little bit of historical data as it relates to taxes that we paid around gains from the dispositions of Netspend and our gaming business, which I think is just helpful for historical context. But as we think about the go forward, we're highly focused on free cash flow. And obviously, our conversion rates in the business and improving our quality of earnings and our quality of adjusted free cash flow, and I think you start to see that play out in Q2, and we were really pleased with the overall result.
Darrin Peller: Its really helpful Cameron. Thanks guys, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Schmidt from Citi. Your line is open.
Andrew Schmidt: Hey Cameron, he Josh, good results here. Thanks for taking my questions. Just speaking of the legacy parts of the business, could you just talk about the direct sales channel, where that's targeted today, sales efficiency, and the strategy there in terms of just the direct sales efforts? Thanks a lot guys.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Good morning and maybe I'll just start by saying the term legacy sort of makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up a little bit. We don't think about the business in that context. We have what we would characterize as sort of more traditional go-to-market strategies in our business, and you called out specifically our direct distribution here in the U.S. market. We've been working for some time, and I think we're accelerating our investments and plans to really start to reorient that distribution as much as possible towards selling more technology-enabled solutions. So we have opened up our integrated business more and allowed our direct distribution channels to begin to sell integrated and we're leaning into that. We are building by really reorienting a portion of our direct distribution channel today to developing a point-of-sale software sales team that is focused on selling point-of-sale software solutions directly into the market. But as it relates to the overall direct distribution channel, it remains a very productive channel. They continue to drive year-over-year growth in new bookings. They continue to be very effective in terms of selling traditional payment capabilities into the market, more of what they're selling today, obviously, our omnichannel solutions and had some more complexity associated with them versus selling traditional bricks on a counter, which is where the business was kind of back in the mid to late teens. But as time progresses, we are very focused on continuing to reorient distribution around where we see the best growth opportunities in the business, and that's clearly around our technology-enabled strategies, but the ISV channel and directly selling our software capabilities where we think we can build direct distribution teams around that. So that's really the future of the business, and we'll continue to invest against reorienting distribution in that manner over a longer period of time.
Andrew Schmidt: Got it, thank you Cameron. I hear you on the word legacy. That makes a lot of sense. Just on the outlook for the merchant segment, obviously, layering Takepayments, it sounds like a little bit more of a moderate macro assumption there. Is there anything else, is it just moderated macro or are there any other puts and takes to consider in the outlook? Thanks a lot guys.
Cameron Bready: I'd say the main take is just FX. We kind of went into the year expecting FX to be a little bit better in the back half of the year than we're currently forecasting. It's obviously very volatile. And as I've said many times, if I could predict what FX rates are going to be, yes, I probably wouldn't be sitting in the seat, might be doing more leisurely things. But be that as it may, we currently expect FX in the back half of the year to largely offset the contribution from Takepayments. So hopefully, we're wrong on that assumption, but I think that's a prudent assumption for the time being, and that's kind of what we baked into the outlook. So I think beyond that, the rest of the puts and takes are relatively small and on the margin. So obviously, confident in reiterating and reaffirming the guide today. And I'll just let Josh provide a little bit more context as well.
Josh Whipple: Yes. So I think as you think about the second half of the year, we still expect margin growth in the 7% to 8% range. And as Cameron, you mentioned this includes roughly a point of contribution from Takepayments, which will largely offset FX. And then for the full year, we still expect merchant revenue be in the 9% plus range. So we feel pretty good about that.
Andrew Schmidt: Got it, thank you guys very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vasu Govil from KBW. Your line is open.
Vasundhara Govil: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I guess, Cameron, you talked about the good momentum you were seeing in new partner signings in the ISV channel. I was just curious if revenue share agreements or economics related to those new partners, how they have evolved over historical trends, just any color on that would be helpful?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I mean, I've said -- good morning. I have said over the last couple of years, we've obviously seen rev share sort of drift up over the course of time as you've seen more competition in the integrated space. But I'd say over the last year to 18 months, we've seen probably a more constructive competitive environment than we had seen in the previous 12 to 24 months. Just as cost of capital has come up and sort of competitors need to be a little bit more rational with their own economics and how they approach these relationships, I think the competitive environment from a rev share perspective has been fairly constructive, certainly for the last year or so. And our expectation is it will remain fairly constructive over a period of time. And our experience is, if you have the right solutions, the right capabilities, you can partner with ISVs in the right way. You need to be competitive from a rev share perspective but you don't necessarily have to be at the high watermark of rev shares. And we still see competitors offering fairly aggressive rev shares in some circumstances, but that's typically where they don't have a lot to offer the ISV outside of that sort of pure payments relationship. And one of the ways we've been able to differentiate ourselves is obviously the breadth and depth of capabilities that we think we bring across traditional integrated payment facilitation and the middle of the road sort of ProFac model that we have but also the breadth and depth of commerce enablement, embedded commerce solutions that we can deliver, which enriches the experience for us and the ISV, broadens the base of revenue that we're able to share on a rev share basis, and I think makes the overall partnership and relationship more constructive for them and obviously more constructive for us. And that's a big part of why we've been able to remain, I think, fairly well positioned competitively from a rev share perspective without always, again, having to meet the high watermark that may be out there around a pure rev share on payments alone.
Vasundhara Govil: That's helpful. And we're, obviously, all very looking forward to the Investor Day, sort of any preview into what type of additional disclosure or new KPIs perhaps that we could expect at the Investor Day?
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's been pretty -- it's a fair question, and I've been pretty transparent. I think last quarter and obviously, this quarter, I'll just reiterate, we're obviously very focused on providing a full sort of update on where we see the business going and it is a strategic matter going forward. Where we're going to focus our attention, our efforts and our investments and a big part, I think, of any strategy is also what does that mean you're not going to do. And so we look forward to giving a pretty fulsome update around our strategy and where we see the business going forward, how we're going to frame up the business kind of around that strategy, the critical initiatives that we are pursuing to continue to advance that strategy and execute against it. And then, of course, the KPIs and metrics that we're looking at to judge our own performance as to how we are gaining ground against the key initiatives that we think are important to achieving the strategy that we have. So all that we would expect to be able to frame up for you at our investor conference, and then that will be coupled with a conversation around our efforts to continue to streamline and simplify our business and how we are organizing ourselves internally, some of the moves we are making to ensure we have the most nimble, agile business we can, that we remain very customer-centric in our product approach. We continue to build differentiated products and capabilities that we think compete favorably in the market. And then we're able to then couple that with further differentiation around the service experience that our clients are able to enjoy from us. And so we look forward to being able to share more around that streamlining and simplifying effort and what we think then that will unlock from a value creation standpoint, and how we'll redeploy that in some areas that we want to invest in the business, but also how that will flow through to drive better returns as we look forward in time, all against the backdrop of our efforts to, I think, again, simplify our business, improve our quality of earnings, be very focused on free cash flow generation and driving better return on capital in our business as we move forward.
Vasundhara Govil: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning, thank you. I wanted to ask on the embedded commerce success. It really sounds like that's clicked here, specifically calling out the 70% plus attach of those solutions with new customers. Can you just dig in a bit more on the drivers of that success, are there aspects of the selling strategy that have evolved to really drive this?
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a really good question. I think what we've generally seen is we've done a better job of finding ways and encouraging our sales professionals to find opportunity to attach other value-added services to the pure payment experience with our clients. As I mentioned in my response to the integrated question, clearly that has been attractive to our integrated partners. A lot of the commerce enablement or embedded commerce solutions we can deliver really resonate with them. It makes their own software more competitive in the marketplace. It gives them another channel, I think, to help differentiate their solutions. And obviously, it improves kind of the rev shares and revenue opportunity that they see through the partnership with us. So a lot of our ISV partners are very focused on continuing to lean into our embedded commerce solutions and finding ways to distribute those through their channels in partnership with us. And on the direct side, again, we're seeing much the same. I called out specifically around Point of Sale, what we're seeing very strong attach rates for customer loyalty, particularly for our card-linked loyalty solutions, around our Point-of-Sale businesses. But we're also seeing, again, good strong attach rates around the cross-selling efforts for human capital management and payroll. So I would say across the board, a strategy that we really set out to pursue a few years ago around finding more ways to wrap value around the payment experience, which is really where we started, have continued to evolve in more of this and better commerce strategy and our ability to attach more commerce enablement solutions around pure payment capabilities we're delivering to clients and it's just further enriching the relationships that we have with our clients. It's making us more relevant to them. It's allowing us to differentiate better in the marketplace. And I think, again, it will be a core part of how we think about driving our strategy as we move forward in time. And I think, obviously, a big focus for us is where are the areas that we want to invest from a commerce enablement or embedded commerce solution to continue to drive that richer experience and more differentiated offering relative to where our competitors are.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, that's helpful. And then good improvement on free cash flow here in the quarter. I guess following what you've earmarked for debt reduction, as you consider use of the cash, do you expect to maintain this kind of level of repo in the second half, are you balancing that against anything else near-term M&A pipeline that might be attractive?
Josh Whipple: No, look, we're very focused on getting back to our 3 times targeted leverage point in the back half of the year. We expect to go ahead and pay down close to $1 billion in debt just from free cash flow. So we'll continue to go ahead and delever to the balance of the year, and we expect to get right back to that low 3 mark that we talked about previously.
Bryan Bergin: Alright, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Your line is open.
David Koning: Yeah, hey guys. Thank you and nice job. One other way to -- and one way to ask the margin question for many quarters until EVO, you were generating kind of 50% to 65% incremental margin on revenue growth and then it stepped down to like the 40s, which made sense. And now this quarter, it stepped back into the range, one of the best incrementals in many quarters. Is that 50% to 65% the right way to kind of think about it longer term?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think that's probably a fair way to continue to think about it. We talked over the course of the last few quarters just around the acquisition of EVO and obviously, that rebased margin is lower, and we had a fair amount of work to do. I would think to shore up the EVO environment to make sure that it was operating at our standards, particularly in markets that we didn't overlap with EVO, where we're having to rely on their technology. And that was somewhat offsetting the synergy benefits that we were realizing over that period as well. But as we move forward, I think Q2 is really represented by and large of kind of where we see the business as we move forward. We still have some more synergies to realize around EVO, and we're still investing, obviously, in the business as well. But we were pleased with that 30 basis points of margin expansion in the second quarter. We're targeting 30 basis points for the full year. As we talked about before, as Josh mentioned, that reflects a little bit of uptick in the back half, just to get the overall to 30 basis points for the full year. And I think then that gives us kind of a good jumping off point heading into 2025 and kind of really reflects where the business is going. I'd also note, Dave, and I know you appreciate this, we've had that conversation directly. Our margin profile is now close to 50% in merchant. So it is, on average, a little easier to expand margins 50 to 70 basis points a year when you're in the low 40s than it is when you're not in 40s. So that math is not lost on you, I know. But as we think about the business, we're very, very focused on continuing to drive margin expansion in the merchant segment. And I think we're well positioned to do that. And I think Q2 just sort of gives you a demonstration of our ability to do that. But more importantly, it's reflecting what we said was going to happen over the last several quarters. As we continue to execute against synergies, as we've made the investments we need to make to share technology environments, we're getting the business sequentially continually back to sort of par post EVO and now we're seeing expansion. And obviously, we're pleased with that outcome.
David Koning: Yes. Great, thanks. And maybe just one follow-up. Quality of earnings you highlighted several times. Merger and integration costs around the lowest in five years this quarter. Does that continue to go down and maybe when are we going to be at a point of just no more add-backs?
Josh Whipple: Yes. Look, Dave, so I think we've shown a real positive trend as it relates to realized integration expenses over the last three to four quarters, and they've continued to go ahead and trend lower as we said they would. And if you think about it, we're now about year and half into the integration. We said that of EVO and we said that we would complete that two years out, which would be in the March of 2025 timeframe where we'd expect to go ahead and achieve $135 million in run rate synergies. So again, I would -- I think you can fully expect the integration expenses to continue to go ahead and trend lower through the balance of the year as we get closer to that time period that we called out when we initially announced the transaction. And I also would say, if you look at our quality of earnings, they have continued to go ahead and improve. And again, our GAAP relative to adjusted is over 50% in this quarter, and we would continue to expect that to accrete higher.
David Koning: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, good morning. It's really encouraging to see the merchant volume spread here stay positive. I think a couple of points. So anything unusual there and do you expect that favorable spread to continue in second half, it looks -- sounds like the software side and integrated side has grown double-digit and so my guess is yes but wanted to hear from you?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, I think we did, Tien-Tsin and thanks for the question. Obviously, we have talked a lot about Point of Sale. We are seeing good momentum in Point of Sale. Point of Sale drive is a different revenue stream, four hours versus jut the fear of payment experience and obviously that is somewhat contributing to what we're seeing on the revenue side versus what we're seeing kind of on the volume side. I think our goal as we continue to move forward in time as always want those two things to be correlated. But obviously, as we continue to invest in Point of Sale, we continue to invest in embedded commerce solutions, we continue to invest in areas to further differentiate ourselves beyond the pure payment economics, many of those revenue streams aren't purely tied to volume. So we're hopeful we continue to see sort of continued growth in revenue that may outpace volume but I don't want those two trends to become uncorrelated over time because when we're selling those capabilities, it's generally driving a payment experience as well, and we hope to see volume continue to drive forward from that point also.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Perfect, thank you for that. And then just on the issuing side, Cameron, I'm just curious on the pipeline front. There's a lot going on with the litigation being pushed out. And I know Visa announced a few new things like Flex Credentials. I'm just curious if you're seeing any demand change or activity with respect to issuer either conversions or de novo activity?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I would say, Tien-Tsin, certainly in the short to medium term, we feel good about how we're positioned with that business. We're executing really well. The things we can control in that business are generally progressing very nicely. We've got 65 million kind of accounts on file in our conversion pipeline. We've got seven LOIs that we're working to convert to full contracts right now. We are seeing new opportunities emerge. We called out Amadeus this quarter, as it relates to being the first kind of customer or fintech customer in Europe, leveraging our cloud-based in AWS capabilities. So we feel good about the further expansion of that product set as we move forward as well. So we are seeing, I would say, good momentum on the commercial and sales side of the business. And we've got good metrics to demonstrate that in the short to medium term. We're well positioned to continue to grow that business at a very stable level. I think long term, it's largely our ability to grow and accelerate growth in that business is tied to what we're doing around modernization. And as I called out in my script today, we are very much tracking towards completing development of the customer-facing sort of applications by the end of this year. We're in pilot with a number of customers already. And obviously, I think that positions us to be in market with those solutions in 2025. And I think that clearly is important to kind of unlocking new opportunities for that business, not only across sort of the segments of the FI channel that we can support in different geographies around the globe that we can attack. But I think more importantly, some of the more developing used cases that we're seeing around cards that I think require our capabilities to be consumed a little bit differently than they've been able to be consumed historically, that's something we're going to be able to deliver through our modernization investment. So better enablement capabilities for our clients, more consumability of our, sort of, I think, market-leading solutions. I think that really will go a long way to kind of unlocking some of the used cases that I think you were alluding to in your question, and we're excited, obviously, to be able to start bringing that about as we get into 2025 and beyond.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got it, thats good update, see you in September.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning. I hope everyone has a great day. I appreciate your interest in our company.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead. 
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. 
 Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. 
 We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. 
 Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. 
 We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental material available on the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Joining me on the call are Cameron Bready, President and CEO; and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Cameron. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Winnie, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which were ahead of our expectations as we saw strong execution across our businesses and resilient consumer trends despite the uncertain macroeconomic environment. 
 Specifically, we achieved 7% adjusted net revenue growth and delivered adjusted earnings per share growth of $8 or mid-teens adjusted earnings per share growth, excluding the impact of the divestiture of Netspend's Consumer assets. We also expanded margins 40 basis points. 
 Our Merchant Solutions business again delivered solid organic growth, driven by our differentiated capabilities across our partnered ISV, vertical markets and point-of-sale businesses as market demand for embedded payment solutions continues to accelerate. 
 Starting with our partner ISV channel. We continued to see strong booking trends in business development results, including doubling the number of new strategic integrated partners we signed this quarter compared to the prior year. We have added nearly 2 dozen new progressive payment facilitation or ProFac partners since we launched this model mid last year and now have several thousand merchants boarded to our hybrid integrated solution. 
 We are also seeing strong demand for commerce enablement and value-added solutions as we are cross-selling into our partners' merchant base, including human capital management and payroll, loyalty and marketing, analytics and customer engagement solutions amongst others. Our ability to meet the specific needs of our partners with unrivaled distribution, tailored operating models, a comprehensive suite of products and capabilities and best-in-class service and support differentiates us in the marketplace and gives us confidence in our ability to sustain growth and expand margins in this business going forward. 
 Our unique value proposition for partners has also allowed us to maintain relatively stable revenue shares over time while retention rates remained strong. And in the current cost of capital environment, competitors who have historically led with price in this channel are increasingly focused on striking a balance between growth and profitability, which is to our benefit. 
 Turning to point-of-sale software solutions. We again achieved 20% growth in the first quarter, adding 3,000 new locations across our POS platforms. And our focus on delivering additional commerce-enablement solutions to our point-of-sale customers continues to gain momentum. As one example, we saw a nearly 50% increase in the number of new Heartland POS customers leveraging our customer engagement and loyalty solutions this quarter compared to the prior year period. 
 And while in early days, we are encouraged by the initial feedback on the launch of our next-generation Heartland restaurant and retail point-of-sale software, which has been overwhelmingly positive. 
 As a reminder, these next-gen solutions delivered an improved user interface and more intuitive experiences across our iOS- and Android-based offerings. They are also designed to be mobile first, allowing for a best-in-class omnichannel experience. 
 And we couple our complete commerce-enablement solutions with distinctive distribution and full local service and support that is unrivaled in the market. 
 We expect these new offerings will begin to contribute to our performance later this year and more meaningfully in 2025. 
 Additionally, GP POS, our general purpose cloud-based point-of-sale software, is also contributing to the growth we are seeing. We have now launched this solution in a number of international markets, including Canada, the U.K., Spain and the Czech Republic. We are encouraged by the success we're having in bundling POS and other value-added solutions for our merchant customers in these geographies. 
 We also remain on track to bring GP POS to additional markets outside of the U.S., including Germany, Ireland, Mexico, Poland, Austria and Romania over the next 18 months. 
 Moving to our vertical market software business. Today, we own enterprise software solutions across 7 vertical markets, which collectively generate more than $1 billion of adjusted net revenue, growing roughly 10-plus percent annually. These include education, both K-12 and higher ed; communities and events; property management; health care; quick-service restaurants and food service management; and sports and entertainment venues. In these verticals, owning the entirety of the technology stack is advantageous as it better allows us to develop highly integrated, vertically fluent software, payment and other commerce solutions necessary to meet the needs of the market. 
 We focus on these vertical markets, first and foremost, because of the size of the underlying TAMs. For our own software business, we specifically target large addressable spend markets that represent a meaningful component of overall economic activity globally. 
 Second, and core to our thesis of owning software, we target vertical markets with a strong nexus between software and payments, providing us the ability to further enhance software solutions by embedding payments to drive incremental growth and differentiation. 
 Today, all of our software assets are delivering significant transaction volumes that did not exist prior to our acquisition. 
 Third, we like highly fragmented and ideally under-penetrated markets from a software perspective where we can acquire a player with leading technology and a significant runway to gain share. 
 Lastly, we generally prefer vertical market software where there is international applicability, allowing us the opportunity to export our solutions to markets outside of the U.S. over time. Our ability to deliver more integrated payments offerings in faster-growth geographies where embedded payments are in much earlier stages of development and we have local sales and support further differentiates Global Payments relative to competition. 
 Critical to the success of our own software portfolio is maintaining our focus on building and delivering great software so that we can compete on the basis of product functionality and innovation. Global Payment supports this priority with extensive experience in onshore and offshore development, and we provide efficient sources of capital to invest in growth. 
 Further, we are able to leverage our global scale to deliver technology and administrative services to our software businesses, allowing them to focus their efforts on differentiation in their business while enhancing their overall scale. 
 And by combining the innovation of our software portfolio with the global reach, efficiency and extensibility of our payments infrastructure, we are able to deliver a unique proposition for our customers. 
 We saw consistent strong execution in our vertical markets businesses in the first quarter, including delivering double-digit bookings growth across the portfolio. Zego, our property management-focused software business and newest addition, continued to see strong demand for its solutions in the quarter from new customers while also successfully cross-selling additional products and solutions to several large existing partners, including Endeavor MHC residential communities, [ My Homepage ] property management platform and Apartment Management Consultants. 
 In the communities and event vertical, ACTIVE signed nearly 300 customers this quarter. This includes the City of Waterloo, Bogus Basin Ski Resort in Idaho, [indiscernible] Australia and Milestone Events Group. 
 Turning to our QSR business. Xenial went live with CosMc's in 3 additional locations in Texas following our initial launch with the McDonald's new concept in Bolingbrook, Illinois in December. We look forward to continuing to future-proof the CosMc pilot locations with cloud-based technology ecosystem as they open this year. 
 We also continued to have success cross-selling Xenial technology into the stadium and event venue environment, and we are pleased to have extended our relationship with the Braves by completing the rollout of our technology in 24 retail locations at Truist Park here in Atlanta. 
 Additionally, our higher education business, TouchNet, achieved several notable new international partnerships in the first quarter, including the King's University in Canada and Middlesex University and Cardiff Metropolitan University in the U.K. And in April, TouchNet's recent agreement with Sussex University in Brighton, which marks the fifth new university partnership in the U.K. achieved in the last 6 months. 
 The U.K. serves as a great example of our ability to bring our software solutions to geographies outside of the United States. We have had a strong payment proposition in the U.K. for decades, which we are now successfully leveraging to sell our software solutions as demand for embedded payments and technology is growing in higher education in the region. 
 We also continued to see good momentum in our international markets with stronger secular growth trends in the quarter. Specifically, we achieved double-digit growth in Spain and Central Europe as well as in Poland and Greece. 
 And our LatAm business continues to be a bright spot as we benefited from the strong secular payment trends in Mexico and Chile. Specifically, we signed a number of large new customers in Mexico during the quarter, including leading insurance company, Qualitas; home goods retailer, RECUBRE; and video game retailer, Gameplanet, as we leverage our omnichannel capabilities and partnership with Citibanamex. 
 And in Asia Pacific, we were pleased to have expanded our partnership with Marriott International to offer seamless omnichannel solutions to additional locations and geographies. 
 In January, we announced a new partnership with Commerzbank in Germany. We are pleased to have recently received EU regulatory approval and are launching a new joint venture, Commerz Globalpay, this month. 
 We are already laying the groundwork to deliver a comprehensive suite of innovative omnichannel payments and software offerings, including our GP POS software solutions and our GP tom technology at scale, providing merchants the capabilities they need to run and grow their businesses more efficiently in the large economy in Europe. 
 Shifting to Issuer Solutions, we are delighted to have executed 2 new contracts during the quarter. This includes a new agreement with a large existing FI customer in Europe that significantly expands our debit processing relationship. 
 We also reached a contract agreement with a leading global travel technology company who selected us as its issuer solutions partner for its platform across the U.K. and EU after an extensive RFP process. Once live, this will be our first fintech customer operating in our AWS cloud environment in Europe. 
 Additionally, we successfully executed 8 customer renewals during the quarter. This includes extending our long-standing relationship with Virgin Money in support of its credit card portfolios for a multiyear period. We also successfully renewed our multi-decade relationship with Citizens that spans both its consumer and commercial portfolios and includes a wide range of value-added services, including fraud, royalty and digital engagement amongst other solutions. Further, we executed a multiyear renewal with Scotiabank, one of our premier clients globally. 
 In the first quarter, our Issuer team also completed 4 conversions, and we currently have over 60 million accounts on file in the implementation pipeline in addition to 5 active LOIs. 
 Further, we made additional progress on our Issuer modernization this quarter and now expect to have 4 North American clients piloting multiple modernized cloud services in support of both consumer and commercial portfolios over the next several months. 
 We remain on track to execute dozens of unique cloud issuer platform pilots across additional services, products and geographies in 2024 and expect to complete the development of our client-facing applications as we prepare for commercial launch next year. 
 Moving to B2B. We continued to drive strong growth as we leverage our capabilities across 3 focus areas within the overarching B2B market: software-driven workflow automation, money-in and money-out funds flows and employer solutions. Our MineralTree business achieved a 30% increase in new bookings during the first quarter, which includes a nearly 60% improvement in new virtual card bookings as adoption continues to accelerate. 
 Additionally, our B2B bookings and merchants increased 100% this quarter compared to the prior year as we are beginning to benefit from the integration of EVO's PayFabric platform and more of this spend shifts towards digital channels. 
 Our employer solutions are seeing favorable trends in the restaurant vertical, including signing a new EWA relationship with Delight Restaurant Group, which operates over 200 Wendy's and Taco Bell restaurants within 8,000 employees. 
 We also achieved a tip PayCard partnership with Sunshine Restaurant Partners, the largest IHOP franchisee, with over 140 locations in the Southeast. 
 We are delighted with the progress we are making to accelerate B2B growth as we continue to unify our offerings and refine our strategy in this space. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Josh. 
Joshua Whipple: Thanks, Cameron. We are pleased with the financial performance we achieved in the first quarter, delivering adjusted net revenue of $2.18 billion, an increase of 7% from the same period in the prior year. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 40 basis points to 43.5%. Excluding the impact of our acquisition of EVO Payments and dispositions, adjusted operating margin increased 80 basis points, highlighting ongoing consistent execution across our businesses. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.59, an increase of 8% compared to the same period in 2023 or mid-teens growth, excluding the impact of dispositions. 
 Taking a closer look at performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.68 billion for the first quarter, reflecting growth of 16% or approximately 8%, excluding the impact of EVO and dispositions. Our performance was ahead of our expectations driven by our U.S. business, which delivered high single-digit growth in the quarter normalized for the contribution of EVO as we continued to benefit from our software-led strategy. 
 In addition to the 20%-plus growth Cameron highlighted in our POS software business, we also saw strength in our vertical markets portfolio with Zego, TouchNet and AdvancedMD being the notable bright spots. 
 We are also seeing strong bookings in our partner ISV business as we continue our long history of differentiation in the marketplace. Outside of the U.S., we achieved double-digit growth in Spain and Central Europe, as well as in Poland and Greece. Our LatAm business also performed well in the quarter as we benefit from the strong secular payment trends in Mexico and Chile. This performance was partially offset by ongoing weakness in the macroeconomic environment in the United Kingdom and parts of Asia Pacific. 
 We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 47% in the Merchant segment, a decline of 30 basis points due to the acquisition of EVO. This was consistent with our expectations, and we are pleased with the continued sequential improvement we are delivering on our margin performance as we continue to execute against our synergy targets from the EVO transaction. 
 Regarding the EVO integration, we've made substantial progress and remain enthusiastic about the synergy opportunities available. Specifically, after realizing 25% of our targeted cost synergies last year, we expect to achieve an additional 50% in 2024. This puts us well on our way to realizing the $135 million in annual run rate expense synergies we expect to achieve within 2 years. As always, we remain focused on sizing expense synergy expectations with an eye towards ensuring that we maintain momentum in the combined business. 
 And we remain more excited today than when we announced the transaction about the opportunities we have to cross-sell our solutions and capabilities into EVO's existing customer base. In fact, while revenue synergies generally take longer to materialize, we are already having early success in bringing our products to EVO's markets in Europe, notably, e-commerce, GP tom and commerce enablement as well as certain micro services, including tokenization and fraud solutions. And we also look forward to bringing these products and solutions to LatAm as well. We are continuing to invest in these opportunities across EVO's markets in 2024 and expect them to scale more fully in 2025. 
 Our Issuer Solutions business produced adjusted net revenue of $516 million, reflecting growth of 5%. The core Issuer business also grew mid-single digits this quarter, driven by ongoing strength in volume-based revenue. This was partially offset by slower growth in managed and output services as we continue to focus our Issuer business on more technology enablement. 
 We added nearly 20 million of traditional accounts on file sequentially or 49 million year-over-year as we continued to benefit from ongoing execution of our conversion pipeline in addition to healthy consumer and commercial account growth with our large existing FI customers. 
 During the quarter, we completed 4 conversions and achieved 8 renewals. 
 Issuer transactions grew over 6% compared to the first quarter of 2023, led by commercial card transactions, which increased to low double digits, highlighting ongoing strength in cross-border corporate travel. 
 Focusing on our Issuer B2B portfolio, MineralTree achieved record bookings this quarter in its targeted mid-market segment while PayCard continues to see improving trends as the business laps more difficult employment comparisons. 
 Finally, Issuer Solutions delivered an adjusted operating margin of 46.8%, an increase of 290 basis points compared to the prior year period, fueled by volume-based revenue growth and our focus on driving efficiencies in the business. 
 From a cash flow standpoint, we produced strong adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of approximately $509 million. This represents a roughly 80% conversion rate of adjusted net income to adjusted free cash flow, consistent with the first quarter of 2023. We continue to target converting roughly 100% of adjusted earnings for the full year, excluding the roughly 5-point impact of the timing change related to the recognition of research and development tax credits. 
 We expect our adjusted free cash flow conversion for the year to follow a similar trajectory as 2023 as we benefit from the seasonality and the higher conversion rate as the year progresses. 
 We invested $145 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and continue to expect capital spending to be around $670 million or roughly 7% of revenue in 2024, consistent with our long-term targets. 
 Further, we are pleased to have repurchased 6 million shares of roughly $800 million in the first quarter. 
 In February, we opportunistically took advantage of market dynamics and issued $2 billion in convertible notes with the majority of the proceeds used to repay our commercial paper facility. This was essentially leverage-neutral and lowered our overall cost of capital. Specifically, we replaced a portion of our variable rate debt at an interest rate of over 6% with a fixed rate convertible with a coupon of 150 basis points. 
 We also entered into a call spread transaction increasing the effective strike price to $230 per share, providing significant dilution protection. 
 Our leverage position was 3.5x at the end of the first quarter. We remain on track to return to a leverage level consistent with our long-term targets in the low 3s by year-end. 
 Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we have approximately $3.4 billion of available liquidity. Our total indebtedness is approximately 98% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.37%. 
 Turning to the outlook. We remain confident in how our business is positioned this year. We continue to expect reported adjusted net revenue to range from $9.17 billion to $9.30 billion, reflecting growth of 6% to 7% over 2023. 
 It's worth noting, relative to our prior outlook, the dollar has strengthened against the foreign currencies to which we have exposure. Although currencies remain quite volatile, we currently anticipate a roughly $20 million foreign currency headwind in the second quarter versus our prior expectation of roughly neutral. We will continue to monitor any potential impact on the back half of the year. 
 We still expect annual adjusted operating margin to expand up to 50 basis points for 2024, driven by the benefits to our business mix from our ongoing shift towards technology enablement, partially offset by the lower margin profile of EVO prior to full synergy realization. 
 To provide color at the segment level, we continue to expect our Merchant business to report adjusted net revenue growth of 9-plus percent for the full year. This outlook includes growth in the 7% to 8% range, excluding the impact of the acquisition of EVO and the disposition of our Gaming Solutions business. 
 We also still expect up to 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the Merchant business in 2024 with a slower extension in the first half relative to the second half as EVO synergy realization ramps as the year progresses, which is consistent with our prior outlook. 
 Moving to Issuer Solutions. We continue to anticipate adjusted net revenue growth in the 5% to 6% range for the full year compared to 2023. We also still anticipate adjusted operating margin for the Issuer business to expand by up to 50 basis points as we drive efficiencies in the business, which will be offset somewhat by the faster growth in our lower-margin B2B businesses. 
 Moving to a couple of nonoperating items. We expect net interest expense to be about $500 million this year and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%, which is consistent with our prior outlook. 
 Putting it all together, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $11.54 to $11.70, reflecting growth of 11% to 12% over 2023. This translates to adjusted earnings per share growth of 14-plus percent for 2024, excluding dispositions, consistent with our prior guidance. 
 As we commented at the outset of the year, our outlook continues to reflect a relatively stable macroeconomic environment, albeit somewhat tempered given the continued uncertainty. Cameron? 
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Josh. I am proud of the results our team delivered in the first quarter. While we are closely monitoring what continues to be an uncertain macroeconomic environment, we were pleased to continue to see stable trends in April. Importantly, we have also now lapped all 3 of the transformational transactions we completed in 2023. 
 And we are continuing to make progress on sharpening our strategic focus and simplifying our business to support sustainable long-term growth and success. As we move forward, we remain committed to the key priorities I highlighted since I stepped into the CEO role last year. This includes continuing to advance our software-centric strategy, making it as easy as possible for our customers to do business with us, maintaining our focus on operational excellence and ensuring we have the right culture to achieve our vision. 
 Earlier this year, we began a holistic review of our operating model, organizational structure and internal processes to ensure they are optimized for the company that we are today. While we are early in the process, we are encouraged by the opportunities we have already identified to better align our go-to-market activities against our strategy and drive greater efficiencies and effectiveness in our business. This includes the potential to increase commercial productivity, accelerate product development delivery times, enhance our partnerships with our customers and simplify the organization while streamlining business activities. Ultimately, we expect executing on these initiatives will provide us with additional capital to invest for growth. 
 We anticipate completing our review and developing specific execution plans over the next few months. Further, as we realign our go-to-market activities and operating model, we will also harmonize our KPIs and metrics against this structure, allowing us to provide a clearer articulation of performance and execution against our strategy going forward. 
 We have successfully grown this company for over the last decade, and the work we are doing to create the right operating environment will position us for the next decade of growth. We look forward to providing you with an update on our strategy and progress against these key initiatives at our investor conference this fall. Winnie? 
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Cameron. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Keane: And congratulations on the solid execution here. I guess, I just wanted to ask on thinking about simplifying the organization, Cameron. What -- is there a lot of assets potentially that you could divest? Are they small? Large? Just thinking about that. And then what would you do with some of the proceeds, I know stock buyback would be really accretive here versus M&A. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's a fair question. I think from my standpoint, I'm really looking across the business and making sure that in all the markets, whether they're a vertical market or a geographic market that we're operating in today, we have the right scale. Or to the extent we don't have scale today the way that we would like, that we have a path to be a scale player over a period of time. 
 So as I think about the portfolio and sort of opportunities perhaps to simplify and sharpen our focus around the key elements of the strategy we expect to pursue going forward, which are really around the software-centric orientation of the business, coupled with obviously our exposure to some of the faster-growth secular markets around the world, I think we want to make sure that we're able to dedicate our time, our assets, our resources, obviously, our investments against those strategies.
 All that being said, I think we're talking about probably more things on the margin versus bigger elements of our business as we sit here today. I think we're always open-minded as it relates to potential opportunities to create more value for our shareholders. And certainly, if there are assets that we own that we think are more valuable to someone else then we're certainly open-minded to that. But as I think about sharpening the focus around the strategy, it's really around the areas where perhaps, I think, we're distracted in markets that we're not a scale player today and don't have a good path to be a scale player. And it's really a desire to reorient and refocus around the core elements of the strategy that I think are going to be more impactful in driving the business where we want to drive it over a longer period of time. 
 I think as it relates to the use of proceeds, I think your point is fair. Obviously, I won't sort of comment about hypotheticals as we sit here today. But naturally, we're value-oriented as we think about proceeds and we'll continue to look to deploy any proceeds that might come from those activities in a manner that's going to drive the most value for our shareholders long term. 
Bryan Keane: Got it. Got it. And then as a follow-up, Josh, just maybe the breakout of EVO as contribution to revenue and organic, just thinking about the volume numbers. I think 16% was the total reported number, but I don't know if there's a pure organic number there. 
Joshua Whipple: Yes. Bryan, what I would say is we're about a year into -- a little over a year into the integration. So we're really operating the business as one. But I think if you think about the EVO business, it's growing right in line with what we're expecting for Merchant to grow for the full year in the 9% -- the 8% to 9% range, and that kind of gets us to the core Merchant growth in that 8% range. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it and that's kind of the contribution as it relates to EVO in the overall business. 
Cameron Bready: Yes. And Bryan, I would just add on the volume comment, the overall volume growth was in line with the revenue growth. And if you strip out EVO, it's going to be the same on the sort of core business. So in that 7%, 8% range relative to the 8-ish percent growth that we highlighted ex EVO. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. 
Darrin Peller: Cameron, maybe we could just start with you giving us a little bit more color on the underlying -- the growthiest parts of the Merchant business. And what you're seeing to give you confidence in that 7%, 8% being sustainable when we think about 30% increase in Merchant partners or the POS growth 20%. Maybe just help us understand what you're seeing in terms of giving you conviction that, that holds up throughout the year. Obviously, these increases and partners is a good sign. 
 And then, Josh, maybe just I'll to put my 2 questions together, to add on to that, would be an understanding of the margin dynamics of each of those sub-pieces and how it impacts your abilities on the up to 50 bps for the full year for the company or 30 for the segment. 
Cameron Bready: Yes. Thanks for the question, Darrin. Look, I think we called out several metrics in our prepared comments today that gives us confidence around the growth we're seeing, particularly in the software-oriented aspects of the business. And as we've highlighted a couple of times already today, that is the focus strategically for us going forward and we continue to deploy more assets, more resources, investment against those strategies. 
 In the ISV space, we continue to see good partner growth, as we highlighted on our prepared remarks earlier today. The business development activities continue to generate a lot of new opportunities from a partnership perspective. We're continuing to see good flow-through as it relates to leads from partners and our ability to convert those leads into new Merchant customers for Global Payments.
 So I think as we look at the outlook for the integrated channel, I think we remain very pleased with how our proposition is resonating in the market and our ability to sign new customers from a partnership perspective and obviously turn that into good lead flow and good conversion into new merchants. So all those trends remain very attractive, I would say, as it relates to how we're positioned in the market. 
 The other thing I would say, and I commented on this in my prepared remarks, I think the competitive landscape is more constructive than it has been in some time. Obviously, there's been a lot of activity, it's no surprise to anyone on the call, in the ISV space and the partner model over the last several years. And we have seen some aggressive marketing of rev shares that have been attracted to some partners, and we've been able to continue to grow through that. I think in the environment we're seeing today, it's a little more balanced and a little more rational, I think, in terms of what sort of payment providers are offering in terms of rev shares to clients and partners. And I think that creates a good backdrop for us to continue to grow and scale that business over time. 
 POS is something we've talked about quite a bit. Obviously, over the last several quarters, it's an area of emphasis for us. It's an area where we're also investing fairly heavily in the business, particularly around our restaurant and retail POS environments in our Heartland channel as well as taking our GP POS, which is really our entry point-of-sale software capability to markets outside of the U.S. as well as deploying it through our wholesale channel here in the U.S. market. 
 So we added about 3,000-plus kind of new, we call, rooftops or locations, you can think about it in that context, in the first quarter. We're obviously very pleased with the momentum that we're seeing in that channel and that's really before the full kind of extensive commercial launch of Gen 2 of our Heartland Restaurant and Heartland Retail environment. 
 So I think that backdrop again, continues to see good momentum in our business and gives us a lot of confidence around our ability to continue to grow and scale that aspect of the business as we move forward, admittedly from a smaller base, obviously relative to our ISV channel. 
 And then lastly, vertical market businesses continued to see healthy booking trends. We called those out in the quarter, again, growing in the double-digit pace with good trends across a number of the different vertical markets as we continue to see good demand for our software solutions as well as our ability to monetize payment flows in connection with those software relationships. 
 So I would say, overall, Darrin, the trends we're seeing across those 3 core elements of the strategy underpins a lot of the growth expectation that we have for the business as we work through the balance of 2024, and frankly, as we look forward to the future. And part of our objective is continue to find more ways to invest in those areas and make sure that we're amplifying the investments we're making in that part of the business, again to drive the best outcomes for us on a longer-term basis. 
 And I'll let Josh kind of get into some of the margin dynamics around each of those. 
Joshua Whipple: So Darrin, what I would say is, as it relates to just our general Merchant margins, these were consistent with our expectations in the first quarter. And we continue to go ahead and see that sequential improvement while executing on synergies, continuing to run the business and investing in EVO's technology and platforms in the new markets that we weren't previously in. 
 And our overall Merchant margins were 47% in Q1, down 30 basis points. But Darrin, if you go back to 2023 and you look at our margins beginning in Q2, we were down 170 basis points in Q2. We continued to improve down 90 basis points in Q3 and then 60 basis points in Q4. So again, we're continuing to see that positive trend around Merchant performance, and we expect that to go ahead and continue sequentially through the balance of the year. 
 The only other comment I would say is that as we started to see a more shift towards technology enablement, Cameron just went through the piece parts as it relates to the overall Merchant business, these businesses, faster-growth businesses, and they come in at a higher margin. So it gives us a lot of confidence in our guide of up to 30 basis points of margin expansion for the full year. 
Cameron Bready: And Darrin, I would just add two points maybe to wrap up that conversation. One is, obviously, we see a demand overall for embedded payments growing, not just here in the U.S. but globally. So clearly, as we think about how we're positioning our business and how we want to orient our go-to-market strategies and how we want to emphasize investment in the business, it's really going to be geared towards continuing to drive to be able to capitalize on that longer-term trend in the marketplace. It's point number one. 
 And then point number two, as it relates to margins, specifically, we really think about managing Merchant margins kind of on an overall basis. There's areas of the business that we're going to invest more from time to time. There's other areas of the business where we're "harvesting" margins from time to time, but we really think about trying to manage the overall margin for the Merchant business kind of holistically across the channel. And we make decisions around investments and where we may want to pull back in certain cases as we look to kind of manage that overall outcome. 
 And to Josh's good point, the trajectory of margins, certainly post-EVO, is obviously moving in the right direction sequentially, very consistent with what our expectations would be and we feel good about how we're poised to deliver on the commitment we've made and the outlook we provided for the full year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good, clean results here. I thought maybe, Cam, if you don't mind me asking the settlement on the credit side, and of course, [ that's going to ] change. I know there's no direct impact for you, but your thoughts on surcharging and what that might mean. And in general, could we see sort of this helping the pricing environment in general for you and the group? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Tien-Tsin, I would say -- and I don't mind you asking at all. I mean, obviously, our perspective remains what it has been for many, many years, which anything that really lowers the cost of acceptance in the industry, by and large, is good for us. So -- and good for the industry more broadly. 
 So as it relates to the settlement that kind of came out more recently, I think long term that's generally good news for the industry overall. I think as it relates to surcharging or cash discounting, I think you're going to see a lot more cash discounting than you are really surcharging in the marketplace.
 But I still think on the margin, it's not going to be a terribly impactful trend. I mean, there are certainly areas of the country where it is more common than others, but I wouldn't say, sitting here today, that we think that's going to be sort of an overwhelming trend that we're going to see broad-based kind of across the U.S. market over time. 
 I do think, as I said, you'll see a little more cash discounting activity and maybe less "surcharging activity". They're basically the same thing. Just one has a probably better optic to the consumer than the other, and therefore, I think, will drive incrementally slightly more adoption overall. And it does potentially create a little bit more opportunity for innovation at the point of sale as well, which potentially on the margins a slight positive. But I don't think either of those will be sort of transformational as we move forward. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. And then on the Issuing side really quickly, any call-outs on the renewals with respect to pricing? And are you seeing implementations happening on time? I know there's been a little bit of a slowdown in IT spending on the bank side. I know you still have one in AWS, but anything you're seeing there? 
 And I may as well ask it, any new learnings on the Capital One-Discover thing that you could share that might be impactful for you? 
Cameron Bready: Yes. All good questions there. I would say everything on the Issuer side is tracking sort of exactly according to our plans. Our implementation pipeline for 2024 is well on track. We had a successful first quarter around implementations and have a full year of busy activity as we have a number of implementations that we expect to execute over the course of the year. 
 The pipeline also looks really good as well. We called out 5 LOIs that are in our pipeline today. We have another 7 sort of late-stage opportunities, many of which we expect to convert into LOIs in the not-too-distant future.
 And the last thing I would say is our cloud-based modernized platform. As we bring that closer to reality, it's really resonating with potential clients. We're seeing a lot of interest in new clients in what we're doing from a technology perspective and the capabilities and the differentiation we're going to be able to continue to drive as we move our sort of market-leading feature functionality into cloud-native environments. And the demand for that is fairly robust, and we're excited about what we're hearing from potential clients around that. 
 We're also excited by what we're hearing from existing clients about some of the additional enablement capabilities we're delivering through that platform, some additional configuration solutions that we're going to be able to provide existing clients, as well as an ease of conversion from their current on-premise environment to a cloud-native environment over time that's really resonating with them as well. 
 So I feel good about where we are with the Issuer business overall. Obviously, we have a lot of execution work to do as we complete our Issuer sort of modernization activities and begin to roll those out commercially. But I think the future is bright for that business, and we arguably have more tailwinds than we do headwinds in that space in the near to medium term. 
 On renewals and sales, we continue to work through those in the ordinary course of business. And I would say, over time, obviously, we think the differentiation that we can provide will allow for a more constructive renewal environment for the business. But as we sit here today, everything that we're seeing remains fairly stable on that front. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Terrific. 
Cameron Bready: And then to your last question on... 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Capital One-Discover. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Capital One-Discover. Yes, not a lot more I can say, obviously, as we sit here today. The only comment I would make is largely consistent with what we said previously, which is we have a long track record with Capital One, almost 2 decades now. We just renewed our agreement with them on a multiyear basis. 
 And historically, when Capital One has engaged in M&A, that's generally been a good thing for us. So obviously, time will tell how the whole Discover transaction works out for them. They've got a road in front of them in terms of working that through the regulatory approval process. But sitting here today, I think our history with them is quite positive as it relates to M&A activity they've engaged in. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Daniel Perlin: I wanted to just maybe get you to elaborate a little bit on the commentary around the upside surprise that you guys saw in the quarter, in particular around what was happening in the U.S. growing high single digits. It sounded like that was one of the areas that kind of caught you off guard on the positive side, and I'm just wondering what were some of the more specific key drivers there because it feels like we've been highlighting more international stuff than what's going on in the U.S. for a while. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin -- sorry, Dan, it's Cameron. I wouldn't say -- I don't know that I would call it out as a surprise so much as it's more macro driven in the sense that the macro is probably on balance a little more constructive than we would have anticipated kind of coming into the year. 
 Certainly, we remain very focused on the consumer. The consumer has remained fairly resilient through the course of the first quarter. And as I called out in my prepared remarks, April trends were pretty stable relative to what we saw in the first quarter as well. 
 So I think from our perspective, it's really about the macro. I think our execution around our business and the strategies we're pursuing continues to work well. And we delivered, again, in line with the expectations that we had for those businesses. 
 What's probably a little better in the quarter than what we anticipated going into the year was the macro. And that's something, obviously, as I said before, we continue to monitor very closely. I think the consumer continues to face some headwinds, but there's also some tailwinds around labor trends and what we're seeing around wage inflation, et cetera, that has allowed the consumer to continue to have confidence to spend. And obviously, we're seeing that flow through our business. 
Daniel Perlin: That's great. Just a quick follow-up on, I guess, really balancing cost synergies and then the investments that are necessary. So those -- there seems to be a lot of questions around how much investments you guys have to make in kind of the current period, in '24, in particular, to achieve some of the revenue growth targets that you've set out, and this is true for kind of EVO, but also just overall in Merchant. 
 And then how much of that ultimately will be required to flow through into kind of 25% growth rates? So it's really that balance between what you've got to put to work today and then maybe what are the buckets, the big buckets. You kind of alluded to it a little bit on the call, but anything around some specifics would be helpful. 
Cameron Bready: Yes. I mean, I can't -- I don't want to get too far ahead of myself as it relates to 2025 and beyond. But I would start by saying we're always sort of balancing kind of our desire to invest in the business and wanting to see, obviously, the benefits of the top line growth flow through to margin and margin expansion in the business. But we recognize the Merchant business' operating margins kind of in the high 40% level, which is a fairly attractive level of margin -- overall margin quantum for the business overall. 
 So I think the philosophy around that is going to continue to remain the same. I think we have sufficient investment capacity to continue to drive growth in the business in the range that we've been discussing, while at the same time allowing some of that benefit to flow through and allowing margins continue to creep up over time, as we've also talked about. 
 And as I said in my prepared remarks at the end, we are looking at ways to organize our business in a different fashion, to simplify the business further internally, to think about our operating model and structure that I think is going to free up more investment capacity that will allow us to both, again, continue to invest in growth initiatives in the business while at the same time allowing margins to continue to drift higher over time. 
 So I think we're well poised kind of for the balance of 2024 and heading into 2025. And a lot of the initiatives we're pursuing internally are really designed to continue to allow us to support that balance as we move forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. 
David Koning: Great job this quarter. And I guess my first question, within Merchant, you kind of talked about organic volumes growing high single digits, organic revenue high single digits, so pretty similar. Maybe can you discuss kind of the puts and takes kind of between there like mix, pricing, new products? And would you expect revenues to grow above volumes just as you proliferate kind of software and new products over time? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Dan (sic) [ Dave ]. It's a good question. I would say it's really hard to get into all drivers within the Merchants business just given the number of geographies we're in, the number of different lines of business we're in, et cetera. 
 But as I step back and look at it kind of at a macro level, we do want to see volume obviously trending in the same direction as revenue. We do think over time, as we continue to push more software, more commerce enablement solutions, more value-added services, put whatever label you want to on it, obviously, we do expect to see some ability to grow revenue at a pace that, to some degree, outstrips volume growth.
 But recognize when we're selling vertical market software, we're selling point-of-sale software, yes, there's software revenue that is generated from those interactions, but we're also obviously trying to monetize payment flows as well when we do that, which drives incremental volume into the business. 
 So those two should remain correlated over time. And it's always our philosophy to have those remain correlated over time. But certainly, as we continue to pivot the business towards more software and more commerce enablement, we do expect to see some opportunity for revenue growth to decouple to some degree, but I wouldn't say wildly from the underlying trends we see in volume. 
 But there's a lot of drivers behind that. Some markets obviously have better volume growth and maybe slightly less revenue growth given the mix of businesses, and some markets have slightly better revenue growth and slightly worse volume growth given the underlying mix of businesses and what we're seeing from a market dynamic and pricing perspective. So there's a lot that goes into it overall, but the overarching philosophy, I think, is what I described. 
David Koning: Yes. Got you. And then just a quick follow-up. Merchant margins, I know tons of investor questions around that. And it's gotten better each quarter since EVO, the year-over-year decline has gotten better. Is Q2 going to be up year-over-year now that EVO will be anniversaried? 
Joshua Whipple: No. What I would say is, again, I would follow kind of the same trajectory that you saw us coming out of the year. We saw 30 basis points of improvement coming out of Q4. So you expect them to be approximately flat in Q2. That's how I would shape it. 
David Koning: Got it. 
Cameron Bready: And then, of course, to get to the overall guide for the year, they would be up in Q3 and up in Q4, kind of getting to that overall up 30 basis points for the full year period. 
 And I think my commentary on that, and I appreciate you calling it out, certainly, we've been very deliberate in terms of how we've been executing synergies in the Merchant business around the EVO transaction. As Josh highlighted earlier, we started down 170 and then we went to down 90, down 60, now down 30. So you can very clearly see the trajectory of margin improvement as we continue to execute against synergies from the transaction. And look, it's not hard to think about what the balance of the year looks like given the track record we have over the last several quarters of margin improvement as we execute against synergies. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Trevor Williams with Jefferies. 
Trevor Williams: Great. Yes, I wanted to follow up on Merchant margins as well and just the impact from EVO. Clearly, there's been an impact just EVO coming on at a lower margin profile. And Josh, you referenced some of the reinvestment in EVO's technology outside of the U.S. Can you just give us a sense for where you're at in terms of that process of reinvestment? Anything you could quantify in terms of what impact that has had on margins? And then as we work through the year and the synergy realization ramps, should we see a higher flow-through from the synergy realization? 
Joshua Whipple: Yes. So what I would say is it's a bit of a balance as we think about the reinvestment into the business and the technology platform as it relates to those pieces of technology that are in markets that we're currently not in. So really, Trevor, it's a bit of a balance there. 
 And what I would say is you can expect to go ahead and see, just given the overall margin profile and how that's trending, you can expect to see a higher flow-through in the back half of the year in which we just talked about. We said Q2, that'd be approximately flat, but then there's -- you're going to go ahead and see margins become favorable in Q3 and Q4 to get to the up 30 basis points on a year-over-year basis. So you'll start to see better flow-through as we realize more synergies from the EVO transaction in the balance of 2024. 
Cameron Bready: And Trevor, it's Cameron. The only thing I would add to that is, obviously, there are certain markets that EVO operated in that we did not when we acquired them last year. And we have a very, I think, deliberate approach in terms of how we think about availability, reliability and stability of the technology environments that we operate in these markets. 
 And quite clearly, there was investment needed in EVO's platforms to bring them up to the level of, again, availability, reliability and stability that we expect for our technology. Those investments we've been making, and to Josh's a very good point, we've been balancing that against synergy realization, and all that sort of reflected in our plans and the guide that we provided for 2024. 
 So I think all those investments are doing exactly what we expect. We're seeing better performance from a technology perspective. We're seeing sort of the reliability metrics and standards kind of move towards our targets. And those investments are doing, again, exactly what we described. And I think we've done a nice job absorbing them while also executing on synergies and getting the margin back to where we started pre-EVO and we'll look to expand further from there in the back half of the year. 
Joshua Whipple: Yes. And the only other comment I would make is if you think about the business generally, it's over $9 billion in revenue, margins mid-40s. So expanding margins 50 basis points on a year-over-year, I think, is very respectable. 
 And I'd also comment that just given our overall Merchant margins of 47% approximately and expanding margins 30 basis points, again, is healthy margin growth, I think, in a business of this size and with this profile and the geographies that we currently do business in. 
Trevor Williams: Great. And then on Merchant revenue, Cameron, it sounds like trends in April have been relatively consistent with Q1. I mean, should we interpret kind of the Q1 growth rate as 8% organic? Maybe there's about 1 point or so of benefit from leap year, so kind of the go-forward core growth rate looking at kind of 7% as kind of the normalized Q1 and that's what April has been consistent with? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think that's a fair interpretation. I mean, the way I would position it is we think, if you exclude the impact of EVO, the nonanniversary portion of EVO, we're going to grow Merchant in that 7%, 8% for the year and I think we remain on track to do that. Obviously, there was a slight benefit in Q1 from leap year. That's not overly impactful in the grand scheme of things, but we're still squarely in that kind of 7%, 8% range for the balance of the year as we sit there today. 
Operator: Our final question this morning will come from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. 
William Nance: I think a lot of mine have been asked already, but Cameron, maybe I wanted to ask about the 30% increase in U.S. Merchant partners that you had in the slides today. Maybe you can just expand a little bit on that number and provide a little more context. I think there's been obviously a lot of focus around the integrated business and the rate of ISV additions in that business. 
 So just how has that trended? How is that number kind of different than sort of like the ISV additions that you've referenced in prior quarters? Is there any contribution from EVO? Just any clarity on that number would be helpful. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, happy to. So look, we have a variety of different partners in our business and I think it's important to kind of start with that overarching context. When we talk about new partners in the business, these are new relationships that we have in the business that generate incremental volume, incremental lead flow and incremental opportunity for our Merchant business going forward. 
 So obviously, our partner strategy is an important part of our strategy as we think about how to grow the business, coupled with obviously the direct distribution assets that we have and the feet-on-the-street distribution resources that we utilize to grow the business as well.
 I would say not all partners are created equal. As we think about the integrated space, we saw a nice growth in what we would call more strategic partners. Obviously, those are truly deep integrated partners where we're able to really form those very strong relationships. We're able to integrate our payments technology deeply into their software environments. And we're able to go to market collectively, obviously, to sell new merchant payment customers for Global Payments, the traditional sort of ISV integrated partner model that we've operated over a long period of time. We saw good growth in that channel as well as, obviously, I called out in my prepared remarks, I think we now have sort of 2 dozen-ish partners utilizing our new ProFac model, which is nice growth and expansion of that particular element of our integrated business over the last 6 to 9 months since we've launched that into the marketplace. 
 But we're also seeing good growth in partners across our payroll channel. We're seeing good growth of partners across all aspects of the U.S. Merchant business, which kind of contributes to that overall 30%-ish growth kind of the new partner adds. And that translates into something in the neighborhood of, call it, like 170-ish kind of new partners for the Merchant business in the U.S. market in the first quarter. 
William Nance: Got it. Super helpful. And then I think you also mentioned that you're starting to see some progress on the rollout of the revenue synergies in the EVO footprint. 
 And I guess just maybe dovetailing on the question that was just asked around some of the investments in the EVO platform around kind of like resilience and system stability, what are the investments that are kind of required more on the revenue front and kind of where are you at on that? And I guess, what are kind of the biggest areas that you're most excited about? I know you've talked about POS in the past. 
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think the areas of opportunity continue to be largely consistent with the things we've highlighted historically. One is bringing our capabilities, our solutions to the EVO markets that we were not operating in historically. And we see tremendous opportunity around GP POS, GP tom as well as our customer engagement suite, analytics and customer engagement platform and some of the other value-added solutions we can bring to bear on those markets. And we're already seeing good uptake in demand around that. 
 The investments required to deliver that are obviously equipping the platforms that we operate in those markets, which in many cases came from EVO, equipping them to be able to handle the new product and capability and integrating those new products into that environment. So if I sell a new customer in, say, Poland on GP POS, that obviously that is fully integrated into the technology stack that we're utilizing in Poland. We can obviously monetize the payment streams accordingly. We can bill our customers for those solutions, all the blocking and tackling that you need to have in place to be able to deliver new product and capability. And then, of course, training sales professionals to be able to sell it and obviously creating the right sort of language, native language capabilities around the platform to actually have it nativized for the Polish market, for one example. 
 So those are the types of investments that we need to make to bring new product and new capability to the market. And that is obviously some of what we're talking about when we say we're investing in the business to be able to bring about more revenue synergies from the EVO transaction. 
 The second area we called out before is being able to leverage our global capabilities to support some of EVO's larger multinational customers that they may support in a discrete market in additional markets beyond what they're doing today. 
 And certainly, we feel good about the momentum that we're seeing on that front. We've already expanded relationships with a number of existing EVO partners, particularly kind of coming out of Mexico, where they have a probably stronger concentration of larger multinational companies who are customers through the relationship with Citibanamex. We've been able to expand that into markets outside of Mexico, which has been positive. 
 And then lastly, in the B2B space, we continue to look to integrate PayFabric, which was EVO's B2B platform into our Merchant capabilities. And I think we called out on our call we've seen 100% increase in bookings for B2B acceptance by virtue of our ability to deliver EVO PayFabric capabilities now more broadly into our U.S. Merchant base for B2B acceptance. 
 So from that perspective, I think we see good tailwinds around the EVO revenue synergy opportunities. And those are things we continue to invest against because I think long term, and I called this out on our last call, we're probably more enthusiastic about the revenue synergy potential from the EVO transaction than we were at the time we announced the deal going back to August of 2022. 
 And that concludes our call for this morning. I want to take a moment to thank everyone for attending. And I also want to thank you for your interest and support of Global Payments. I hope everyone has a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for your questions and answers. If you should require assistance during this call, please press star then zero. As a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments fourth quarter and full year 2023 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations, that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them.  We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental material available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call are Cameron Bready, President and CEO, and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO.  Now Ill turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Winnie, and good morning everyone. We were pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results, which exceeded our initial expectations outlined last February. I am extremely proud of our teams around the world for their outstanding execution. Together, we accomplished a great deal in 2023. Starting with our financial performance, for the full year we achieved high single digit adjusted net revenue growth and increased adjusted earnings per share 12%. This includes a more than 400 basis point headwind from the divestiture of our Netspend consumer business, which we completed early in the second quarter. We also expanded adjusted operating margins 90 basis points, including the impact of EVO payments, which had a lower margin profile than Global Payments at the time of the acquisition. Importantly, we deliver this performance consistently throughout the year despite ongoing headwinds, including macroeconomic uncertainty, persistent inflation, FX volatility and geopolitical unrest highlighting the durability of our model.  Strategically, we also made significant progress during the year executing on a number of key initiatives. First, we successfully closed the acquisition EVO Payments in March, which complements our strategy of providing further penetration into integrated payments, enhancing our B2B capabilities and expanding our exposure to stronger secular growth markets globally. Our integration has progressed quite well and we remain on track to deliver on our revised target of $135 million in annual run rate expense synergies within two years.  While revenue synergies generally take longer to materialize, we are more excited today than when we announced the transaction about opportunities we have to cross-sell our products and capabilities into EVOs existing customer base. We are continuing to invest in these opportunities in 2024 and expect them to scale more fully in 2025. Further, we completed the divestitures of our Netspend consumer assets and our gaming solutions business in April. These three transactions represent important milestones as we seek to advance our strategy and operate a simpler business model centered on our core corporate and financial institution customer base. In our merchant business, that strategy is spearheaded by a software-centric approach leveraging our strengths across our vertical markets, integrated and point-of-sale businesses, and we seek to drive distinction in our offerings by providing omnichannel capabilities and value-added commerce enablement solutions across our markets, including those that benefit from stronger payment digitization and secular growth trends. We continue to see good momentum in our merchant solutions as we execute these strategies. Starting with our vertical markets businesses, we had a number of notable achievements in 2023 across the portfolio. These include Xenials new partnerships to be the official commerce technology provider for both the Atlanta Braves and Atlanta Hawks as we look to further expand our market presence in the stadium and event venue vertical. In the United Kingdom, we renewed our relationship with Principality Stadium, home of Welsh rugby and football, and expanded our services with Wembley Stadium in London. We were also selected by leading food service management company, Sodexo, to be its preferred point-of-sale and kiosk partner, and are now the partner of choice for the three largest players in the food service management space.  Our education solutions business delivered many new marquee customer additions across our K-12 and our university businesses and continue to expand to international markets with school solutions, launching MySchoolBucks in Australia, and TouchNet achieving new wins in Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom. Our active network business had a record bookings year, singing 839 new logos, including it largest ever win in the community vertical with the City of Toronto.  Moving to partner and software solutions, we achieved record bookings in 2023 with new partners increasing 23% from the prior year. This was in part driven by the strong momentum we have seen with our new progressive payment facilitation, or profac model that we launched midyear. This hybrid option provides many of the benefits of being a payment facilitator while minimizing the heavy burden that comes with it. Profac is unique to Global Payments and we are delighted to have signed 16 profac partners to date who already have thousands of merchant customers using our payment solutions. Some notable new partners in our integrated business include 402 Ventures, a leading provider of auction software in the heavy equipment and machinery vertical; Autosoft, which provides a software management platform for auto dealerships; Black Knight, a leading provider of mortgages and loan origination software; and Inovalon, a leading data analytics ISD in the healthcare vertical. These trends, including the momentum we are seeing with profac underscore our confidence in our ability to maintain consistent growth going forward as our differentiated capabilities continue to resonate with the ISB market. As for the third leg of our software strategy, our point-of-sale software business delivered strong growth for the full year as we continue to see solid demand for our solutions and benefit from the releases of new product enhancements. Notably, our average revenue per unit continues to expand, up 9% year-over-year as more merchants are using payments and other add-on capabilities in our evolving POS platform, and of course this is prior to the full launch of our complete next-generation restaurant and retail point-of-sale software platforms, which we continue to expect this quarter.  Lastly, our exposure to some of the most attractive secular markets globally remains a core element of our strategy, both in terms of contributing to our overall rates of growth and providing us the global footprint we need to support complex multi-national corporations. We continue to see good trends across our businesses in Spain and central Europe, each of which delivered high teens growth, and key new European markets entered with EVO, including Poland and Greece, and also achieved double-digit growth. Further, we have seen favorable secular trends in LatAm, where we meaningfully increased our footprint with EVO. This includes new implementations in Mexico with large customers like dLocal, DHL and Petro 7 as we leverage our partnership with City Betamex. Turning to issuer solutions, where we have longstanding relationships with some of the most complex and sophisticated institutions globally, we are proud to have completed 11 customer conversions in 2023. In total, we added over 50 million accounts to our business and ended the year with record traditional accounts on file of more than 800 million. We continue to have a strong pipeline of new business that extends into 2025, as well as eight letters of intent with institutions worldwide.  In 2023, we achieved 13 multi-year renewals and new customer agreements. This includes a new contract with a leading U.S. bank that is a longstanding Global Payments merchant partner, a relationship that provided the foundation for the growth of our partnership to include issuer technology solutions. We also continued to expand into new and faster growth markets, including in LatAm through our partnership with CAT, the credit card joint venture between Scotiabank and Chiles largest retailer, Cencosud.  The confidence that many of the largest and most sophisticated complex financial institutions have with us is enhanced by our issuer platform monetization efforts, which positions us to provide our clients market-leading, cloud-native, real-time solutions at scale in more markets than we ever have previously. We have made substantial progress with our modernization with two clients now in production leveraging products via our cloud solution. Further, we expect to complete the development of our client-facing applications this year and are planning to execute dozens of unique cloud-issuer platform pilots spanning multiple services, products and geographies as we prepare for the commercial launch of additional cloud-native capabilities. Moving to B2B, we continue to see solid demand for our leading capabilities across our three focus areas: software-driven work flow automation, money-in and money-out funds flow, and employer solutions. We have successfully integrated EVOs PayFabric software into our merchant business, allowing us to go to market in B2B acceptance with a software-led approach. Further, our MineralTree business nearly doubled subscription bookings in its core midmarket, positioning the business well heading into 2024.  As one of the largest virtual card issuers in the world, we are benefiting from accelerated adoption of virtual cards globally, which contributed to strong growth in commercial transactions this year. Additionally, our B2B bookings in merchant solutions increased over 20% in 2023 as more of this spend shifts towards digital channels.  Our employer solutions are also seeing favorable trends, including our payroll business delivering mid-teens growth for the full year and our paycard and EWA solutions achieving nearly 2,000 new partnerships last year.  After an eventful and successful 2023, I am pleased to report that we are carrying this momentum into the early part of 2024. In January, our merchant business announced a new joint venture with Commerzbank in Germany. This new entity, Commerz Globalpay, is expected to launch in the first half of 2024 and will deliver a comprehensive suite of innovative omnichannel payments and software offerings, including our GP point-of-sale software solutions and our GP touch on mobile technology at scale, providing merchants the capabilities needed to run and grow their businesses more efficiently in the largest economy in Europe.  We are delighted to be partnering with Commerzbank, a premier financial institution with unmatched relationships with small and medium-sized merchants, to significantly enhance distribution in Germany, where there are substantial opportunities to further digitize the payment experience. This partnership was achieved because of Global Payments leadership in payments technology and commerce solutions and extensive JV experience across European markets, while our acquisition of EVO helped provide a foundation with its existing physical presence and merchant portfolio in Germany. In North America, we remain on track to launch our next-generation Heartland restaurant and Heartland retail offerings this quarter, which will provide best-in-class omnichannel experiences and further catalyze our success in point-of-sale software. Early feedback on our next generation restaurant point-of-sale solution has been overwhelmingly positive, including our new updated and enhanced features like online ordering, loyalty, mobile point of sale, and a simplified user interface on commercial-grade hardware. Our new retail POS solution allows us to extend into additional retail verticals, which is the cornerstone of our broader strategy of sub-vertical expansion, allowing us to increase wallet share while meeting the demands of a modern retail environment that brings supply chain, ecommerce, customer engagement and complex ERP functionality into a simplified and single ecosystem. This expansion not only aligns with our growth objectives but also ensures we stay at the forefront of retail technology, providing our clients with the tools they need to thrive in a rapidly evolving market. Our POS momentum also continues in the enterprise QSR space. We were delighted to be selected to power CosMcs, a new concept from the McDonalds universe. Xenials cloud point-of-sale drive-thru digital menu boards and nVision speed of service solutions are enabling an innovative new drive-thru traffic management system that supports CosMcs multiple drive-thru lanes and pick-up windows, optimizing restaurant operations in a dynamic and flexible way. CosMcs is also using Xenials back office suite to provide real time reporting and management of inventory, sales, labor, projections and scheduling. We are excited to have already launched with CosMcs at the initial Bolingbrook, Illinois restaurant concept in December and look forward to helping future-proof all new pilot locations with our cloud-based technology ecosystem as they open in additional markets in 2024.  Our issuer business has also started the year well, having executed multi-year renewal agreements with two of our flagship clients, Capital One and Navy Federal Credit Union, both longstanding relationships spanning decades. Our renewal with Capital One include both its consumer and commercial credit portfolios in North America, and for Navy Federal, a not-for-profit credit union serving the military, veterans and their families, our relationship supports its consumer portfolio as well as an array of value-added services, including loyalty, fraud, and digital engagement solutions. The extension of these partnerships further validates our strategy of aligning our business with clear market winners. Looking ahead, we remain encouraged by the resiliency we have seen in consumer spending and expect fairly similar trends in 2024. However, we recognize there remains a number of risks to the global economy and consumer and are appropriately reflecting this in our expectations. Our outlook does incorporate a slightly more tempered expectation for the macro environment relative to what we experienced in 2023, but is roughly aligned with what we saw exiting the year. January trends were fairly consistent with what you heard from the networks and broadly in line with our expectations. We are confident we have built a better and more durable business model which positions us well to manage through any environment if the current backdrop changes. With that, Ill turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Whipple: Thanks Cameron. We were pleased with our financial performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year, which reflects continued outstanding execution and the resiliency of our business model. Im particularly proud that we delivered these results while simultaneously completing multiple transactions which serve to accelerate our strategy. Starting with the full year 2023, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $8.67 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior year. Excluding the impact of dispositions, adjusted net revenue increased 15% compared to 2022. Adjusted operating margin for the full year improved 90 basis points to 44.6%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $10.42, an increase of 12% compared to the full year 2022, which equates to over 16% growth excluding the impact of dispositions. For the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.19 billion, an increase of 8% from the same period in the prior year. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 30 basis points to 44.8%. This equates to 100 basis points of margin expansion excluding EVO payments and dispositions. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.65, an increase of 10% compared to the same period in 2023. Taking a closer look at performance by segment, merchant solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.67 billion for the fourth quarter, reflecting growth of 19% or approximately 8% excluding the impact of EVO and dispositions. Our performance was led by our software-centric businesses, which again delivered double-digit growth in the quarter. Specifically, we saw strength in Zego, school solutions, and AdvancedMD, which delivered strong double-digit growth for the fourth quarter, and our point-of-sale businesses again grew roughly 20%. Focusing on faster growth geographies, we achieved double-digit growth in Spain and central Europe, as well as in Poland and Greece. Our LatAm business was another bright spot for the quarter as we benefit from the strong secular payments trends in Mexico and Chile. This performance was partially offset by ongoing weakness in the macro environment in the U.K. and Canada. We delivered on adjusted operating margin of 47.7% in the merchant segment, a decline of 60 basis points due to the acquisition of EVO. Excluding EVO and dispositions, operating margins improved 40 basis points year-on-year.  For the full year, we realized approximately 25% of our targeted expense synergies from EVO, and as Cameron mentioned, we expect to deliver on our raised expectation of $135 million in annual run rate expense synergies within two years.  Our issuer solutions business produced adjusted net revenue of $531 million, reflecting growth of 6% or 5% constant currency growth. The core issuer business also grew mid single digits this quarter, driven by ongoing strength in volume-based revenue. This was partially offset by slower growth in managed and output services as we continue to focus our issuer business on more technology enablement. We added approximately 13 million traditional accounts on file sequentially - this equates to an increase of more than 50 million accounts year-over-year as we continue to benefit from the ongoing execution of our conversion pipeline, in addition to healthy consumer and commercial account growth with our large, existing FI customers. Issuer transactions grew high single digits compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, led by commercial card transactions which increased low double digits, highlighting ongoing strength in cross-border corporate travel.  Focusing in on our issuer B2B portfolio, MineralTree delivered high teens growth and achieved record bookings this quarter in its targeted midmarket segment, while pay card saw improving trends as the business lapped the more difficult employment comparisons from the last year. Finally, issuer solutions delivered an adjusted operating margin of 47.3%. As expected, this was relatively consistent with our third quarter performance but represented a decline compared to the prior year, due to a difficult comparison resulting from vendor benefits reflected in that period. For the full year, our issuer margins expanded 100 basis points, which exceeded our initial guidance for 60 basis points of margin improvement compared to 2022.  From a cash flow standpoint, we produced strong adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of $784 million and $2.5 billion for the year. This represents an approximately 100% conversion rate of adjusted net income to adjusted free cash flow for the full year, consistent with our expectations excluding the impact of the requirement to capitalize research and development costs for income tax reporting purposes. Capital investment was approximately $157 million in the fourth quarter and roughly $660 million for the full year.  Since closing EVO in March, we have reduced outstanding debt by more than $1.4 billion and our leverage position was 3.4 times at the end of the fourth quarter. Our balance sheet remains healthy and we have approximately $3.5 billion of available liquidity. Further, our total indebtedness is approximately 91% fixed, with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.78%. While debt repayment was our top priority for capital allocation in 2023, we are pleased to have also repurchased 4 million shares for roughly $410 million prior to closing EVO. Turning to the outlook, we are pleased with how our business is positioned as we enter 2024. We currently expect reported adjusted net revenue to range from $9.17 billion to $9.30 billion, reflecting growth of 6% to 7% over 2023 or approximately 7%-plus excluding EVO and dispositions. We are forecasting annual adjusted operating margin to expand up to 50 basis points for 2024, driven by benefits to our business mix from our ongoing shift towards technology enablement, partially offset by the lower margin profile of EVO prior to full synergy realization.  To provide color at the segment level, we expect our merchant business to report adjusted net revenue growth of 9%-plus for the full year. This includes growth in the 7% to 8% range excluding the impact of the acquisition of EVO and the disposition of gaming solutions. We will fully annualize the transactions by the end of the first quarter of 2024. We expect up to 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion for the merchant business in 2024 with a slower expansion in the first half relative to the second half as EVO synergy realization ramps as the year progresses. Moving to issuer solutions, we are anticipating adjusted net revenue growth in the 5% to 6% range for the full year compared to 2023, as we benefit from our strong conversion pipeline and continued account growth with our large existing FI partners. We expect core issuer to grow in the mid single digit range and for MineralTree and Netspends B2B businesses to grow low double digits. We anticipate adjusted operating margin for the issuer business to expand by up to 50 basis points as we continue to drive efficiencies in the business, which will be offset somewhat by faster growth in our lower margin B2B businesses. In terms of quarterly phasing, as I mentioned, we will anniversary the acquisition of EVO and the disposition of gaming by the end of the first quarter. We will also anniversary the impact of the divestiture of Netspends consumer assets at the end of April. As a result, we will continue to have some impacts from these transactions in the first half of the year. Moving to a couple non-operating items, we currently expect net interest expense to be slightly above $500 million this year and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. We also are planning for our capital expenditures to be around $670 million in 2024, which remains roughly 7% of revenue. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow to again be in a comparable range of 100%, excluding the roughly five-point impact from the timing change for recognizing research and development tax credits.  Regarding capital allocation, we plan to return to a more balanced capital allocation approach in 2024, and Im delighted that our board of directors has approved an increase in our share repurchase authorization to $2 billion, as share buyback remains one of our priorities. We also plan to further reduce our indebtedness until we return to roughly three times levered on a net debt basis during the year. Putting it all together, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $11.54 to $11.70, reflecting growth of 11% to 12% over 2023. Excluding dispositions, adjusted earnings per share growth is expected to be 14%-plus for 2024.  Our outlook for the year reflects the ongoing positive momentum in our business. While accommodating for a more tempered economic environment, given the continued uncertainty, we remain confident in the resiliency of our model and our ability to adapt to potential shifts in the economic environment.  Cameron?
Cameron Bready: Thanks Josh.  As I said when I was named CEO in May, its an exciting time for Global Payments, and I could not be more proud of all we accomplished last year. As we begin 2024, I remain enthusiastic about the opportunities in front of us. We have a compelling technology-enabled strategy, a world-class team, great partners and clients, and a global presence with diverse distribution capabilities.  This year, I remain highly focused on the priorities for our business and customers I outlined at the time I stepped into this role. First, we will continue to execute against our strategies, which positions us well for growth and success across our markets. We will, however, sharpen our focus on the most attractive opportunities we see in these areas while seeking to further simplify our business and amplify the impact of our investments. Specifically, we are focusing on the most impactful of these initiatives and where we can drive further differentiation in our business, including with our software-centric channels across our own, partnered and POS solutions. Additionally, we will continue to harmonize areas of the business that are less differentiated with an eye towards further improving scale and enhancing margin characteristics. Further, in markets and businesses where we are subscale with limited potential to build scale, we may choose to exit certain lines of business and activities in order to better focus our investments, resources and management intention on opportunities with better long term growth prospects that can more meaningfully impact our business. Second, I am focused on making it as easy as possible to do business with Global Payments while providing more solutions that deepen our relationships with our customers. We will continue to prioritize meeting our clients and customers how and where they want to be met with innovative and distinctive capabilities that integrate seamlessly. This includes our issuer modernization program and cloud investments, which will provide our clients with greater enablement capabilities and allow them to consume the services they need with greater speed to market and flexibility while providing best-in-class experiences for their cardholders. Third, we will maintain our relentless focus on execution, which has been one of the hallmarks of Global Payments and a key component of our ability to produce consistent results through market cycles. We are, however, undertaking an initiative to further simplify our technology and operating environments across the globe to become more efficient and effective, placing greater focus on aligning with business outcomes. We are committed to redefining success with a continuous improvement mindset and increasing the speed of delivery and nimbleness of our business.  Fourth, we remain committed to harnessing the power of generative AI to both innovate new products and solutions that deliver value and improved experiences to our customers, and increase the productivity and efficiency of our operating environments and workforce around the globe. We have already made meaningful progress in our journey to embed generative AI into our business to leverage its power and the richness of its data in our ecosystem.  We have established a center of excellence to coordinate our adoption of generative AI technologies and provide a governance framework, implemented foundational tools and models that are being utilized throughout our organization, evaluating numerous use cases and deployed generative AI technology in a number of areas of our business. For example, in our issuer solutions business, our Foresight solution in partnership with Featurespace provider a market-leading fraud solution that uses generative AI to detect fraud strategies in real time utilizing our proprietary data. Clients using this solution have realized a nearly 50% reduction in fraud losses, and we are evaluating a number of development opportunities that use generative AI across our issuing and acquiring businesses as a key component of our next-generation applications to further combat fraud and identity risk across our portfolios. Finally, Im focused on ensuring Global Payments culture is second to none. Our culture dictates how we accomplish our goals and achieve results as an organization. Having a world-class culture will further differentiate us in the marketplace while driving value creation and benefit for all of our constituents. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks Cameron. Before we begin our question and answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys. I wanted to start with the guidance for 2024 on the top line. Looking at the merchant piece specifically, I know were talking about at least 7% organic. It did sound in your prepared remarks like youre maybe being a little bit more conservative versus this time last year, so if you can elaborate on that, and just give us a sense--I mean, if the consumer doesnt slow at all, are we looking at more, like, 8%? Just trying to calibrate what some of the underlying assumptions might be in that part of the guide.
Cameron Bready: Hey Jason, good morning, its Cameron. Thanks for the question - its a good question. The way I think about it is we exited the year at basically 8%, and as we said in our prepared remarks, our expectation for merchant for 2024 is 7% to 8%, kind of quote-unquote organic, obviously excluding the pick-up that we get from EVO in the first quarter before we anniversary the deal. To me, that really reflects, as we said, a slightly more tempered view of the macroeconomic environment, given that we do see some risk to the consumer as we head into 2024. That being said, to your point, if the consumer hangs in better than we would expect, I would anticipate us being towards the higher end of that range. Obviously if the consumer is a little weaker, as our guide sort of contemplates or at least allows for, I think at the low end, we might be towards the lower end of that range. I think the way youre thinking about it is right and its consistent with how were thinking about it. Were being a little bit cautious around the consumer heading into the year. Obviously a continued resilient consumer who doesnt weaken at all will put us towards the higher end, and if we do see a little bit of softness, we think wed be towards the lower end of that range. But again, we wanted to be prudent with our expectations around the consumer heading into the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Understood. I wanted to just pick up on your comments around simplifying the business. Some possible portfolio pruning sounds like it could be on the table. Im wondering if that might be a 2024 event. And then if you can just comment on the M&A front about whether or not large scale acquisitions could be in the cards - there was obviously some media reports out a little before Christmas on that, which I know you guys denied, but just to get a sense of where M&A versus buybacks is sitting in your priority list right now. Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, happy to. Maybe Ill address the latter part of that question first, and then Ill circle back to the front in a second. I think on the M&A front, as Josh mentioned in his prepared comments, were kind of back to a business as usual mindset heading into the year as it relates to capital allocation. As Ive said pretty consistently, whatever we do or consider from an M&A perspective obviously has to fit strategically, it has to fit culturally and financially, it needs to be attractive as a returns matter relative to the alternative uses of our capital, and given that leverage is right around our targeted level right now and we expect it to be for 2024, the alternative use of capital is buying back our stock, so I remain of the view that anything we do from an M&A perspective needs to be competitive from a returns standpoint relative to our ability to buy back stock and the returns that we think we can generate from that. Thats true, regardless of whether were thinking about smaller deals that present nice tuck-in or enhanced capability opportunities, or we think of larger deals that obviously provide more opportunity for increased scale and advance the strategy as well.  As always from an M&A perspective, were open-minded. I think were very deliberate, I think in terms of how we think about M&A thats going to fit our strategy and the things we want to pursue, and well continue with that mindset as we move forward in time, but Ill be clear - the return expectation for M&A need to be competitive, and thats how well view everything through that lens. I think as it relates to your first question around potential portfolio pruning, there is some chance that that will be in the cards for 2024, yes. Its not contemplated in our outlook currently today, but it is something that were continuing to evaluate, and its really in the context of making sure that as we think about investing in the business, that were investing in those areas where we have scale, we have differentiation, we have prospects to be able to continue to grow the business at attractive rates going forward, and trying to minimize investment, minimize resources and management attention thats focused on markets that may be sub-scale, or a line of business where we dont have particular differentiation and we dont see greater prospects to meaningfully impact the business moving forward. Thats the way were thinking about it. Obviously if we make decisions around that, well provide updates as we work through the year, but it is certainly something that were contemplating, as I noted in my remarks.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
James Faucette: Great, thank you very much. Wanted to ask in terms of your current competitive environment, I think, Cameron, you highlighted a lot of different things that youre working on in areas of strength, but how do you generally assess the competitive intensity in the market right now, and where do you see opportunities versus challenges generally?
Cameron Bready: I think its a good question. I would say we feel fairly good about how were positioned strategically across most of the markets that were in today. Certainly here in the U.S, we feel quite good about obviously our integrated business, the capabilities we have there, the differentiation, the distinction we think we can bring to ISB partners, and how that has allowed us to position that business for continued growth and success. Certainly were very excited about the rollout of our next-generation point-of-sale software solutions I talked about, which are coming obviously this quarter, which we think will give us a more competitive positioning obviously in the POS space here in the U.S. market, with feature-rich capabilities and obviously service that we think is distinctive, relative to again the competitors in the marketplace, and obviously we still see a long runway for growth around POS, whether its enterprise QSR with what were doing with CosMcs, or small to medium sized merchants across restaurant and retail that were targeting through our Heartland restaurant, Heartland retail platforms. I think we feel very good about that, and then of course across the vertical market software businesses and those verticals where we do own the entirety of the software stack, again we think were well positioned in those verticals to continue to grow nicely and continue to gain share with those businesses in the specific verticals that theyre targeting. Thats really the software-centric strategies that were pursuing here in the U.S. market. I do think those are the areas of growth that were continuing to focus on and continuing to invest in, in our business, and thats the best strategy for us competitively, I think here in the U.S. market.  But I think were feeling pretty sanguine about the overall competitive landscape in the U.S. I think pricing has become more rationalized, obviously, with rates rising and competitors focusing on profitability and free cash flow, which I think creates a more constructive backdrop overall just from a competitive standpoint. Id say outside the U.S, were pretty bullish how were positioned competitively, largely because of the capability that we can bring to bear on markets that are probably not quite as sophisticated from a product and solutioning standpoint as the U.S. market, so our ability to bring our point-of-sale solutions, our touch on mobile solutions, our commerce enablement capabilities, our Google running Grow My Business platform to markets outside the U.S., particularly in Europe, LatAm, and to some degree Asia-Pacific, I think competitively positions us really well in markets where Id say the competitive dynamic in many cases is probably less intense than it is here in the U.S. market.  From that perspective, Im relatively bullish what we can do, putting aside macro, just in terms of competitive positioning in markets outside the U.S., bringing these distinctive and differentiated capabilities. 
James Faucette: Appreciate that. Then as a follow-up, and related to this years outlook, how should we be thinking about the targets, especially from a profitability standpoint vis--vis your cycle guide that was established a few years ago, and wondering the trajectory of that and how we should be thinking about medium term EPS targeted growth rates, etc. Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yes James, look - its a fair question, and Im not going to get ahead of my skis today and sort of give a new, quote-unquote, cycle guide. Obviously as Ive communicated previously, we intend to host an investor day this year - that will be one of the topics that we cover at that time, and well provide a little more color about how were thinking about the business then.  But I would say, if you just step back and look at how were thinking about the business heading into the year, as we said, excluding kind of the anniversarying of deals, if you think about the business on a normalized basis, were targeting 7%-plus revenue growth on the top line and 14%-plus from an earnings per share perspective, so think about it kind of in the high single digit top line growth and kind of mid-teens earnings per share growth, again reflecting a little bit more of a tempered view of the macro environment heading into the year. I think thats generally fairly reflective of how we think about the business, and I think that kind of business is one that we can continue to execute against, and those targets and expectations are something we think we can sustainably achieve over a period of time, so I would characterize the outlook as broadly reflective of how we think about the business, obviously with the overlay of a little bit of a tempered macroeconomic expectation for 2024.
James Faucette: Great, appreciate that. Good luck.
Cameron Bready: Thank you James.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Darrin Peller: Guys, thanks. I was actually going to touch on the medium term guide, but that was helpful. Just as kind of a quick follow-up on the guidance, when we think about the inputs, again you said more conservative in terms of the consumer, which is helpful. Are you incorporating any type of M&A or tuck-ins in that outlook that we should consider being at all material to the revenue growth rates? Then just going back to guide on margins, I think youre saying up to 50 basis points. Can we just walk through that a bit? Its a little lower than it used to be in terms of margin expansion. How much of that is synergies from EVO, how much of that is just operating leverage versus mix, any conservatism in that outlook as well, and just maybe the inputs? Oh, and then also, if your margins are coming to a level thats higher, does that inform your view on capital allocation - more buybacks, perhaps?
Cameron Bready: Yes, a lot is buried in there, Darrin. Maybe Ill start and ask Josh to chime in as well on a couple of the comments. I would just say on the first question, the answer is no from an M&A perspective. We did a small portfolio buy in Q4, but its de minimis in terms of contribution to 2024 - I mean, less than 10 basis points, so thats not a particular large impact. We dont have any other M&A included in our guide. Obviously if we do M&A, well update at the time, as we have historically, and provide an expectation of contribution for whatever M&A we do as we head into 2024. On the second question, I think as it relates to the margin guide, Ill just give a couple opening comments and then Ill let Josh maybe provide a little more color. Id say two things, really. One is--you know, I think were taking a fairly prudent view of the outlook heading into the year. We have a lot of things that were trying to accomplish as a business, particularly as it relates to EVO integration, as well as continuing to invest in the business in areas that we think are going to help drive growth and sustain growth over longer periods of time.  I think like everything in life, its a bit of a balanced view around how much of the benefit is flowing through margins to the bottom line versus how much were reinvesting in the business to support the rollout of our new POS platform, obviously to ensure that we execute integration of EVO seamlessly, effectively while we continue to invest in their underlying platforms to ensure stability and reliability. We continue to invest in bringing new product and capability to their markets, which we think will drive revenue obviously longer term, etc. I think the view around margins is pretty balanced around, again, wanting to invest in the business to drive growth as well as allowing some of that to flow through to the bottom line, to impact earnings.  The last point I would make, and Ill ask Josh to add any color he would like, is if you exclude the impact of EVO, which obviously is still coming in at a lower margin profile, I think overall margins for the year would be up closer to 75 basis points and merchant would be closer to 60. Ill just remind you, thats off of a base for merchant of 48%, so margins are fairly healthy in the business overall. Were focused on continuing to find opportunities for market expansion, again while also continuing to find opportunities to invest to grow the business. Josh, I dont know if youd want to add anything to that?
Josh Whipple: No, look - I think the only thing I would add is if you think about margins by segment, we continue to expect merchant margins to improve as synergies ramp. Darrin, you may recall if you go back to last year, Q2 margins were down 170 basis points, Q3 they were down 90 and Q4 60, so were seeing a continued consistent positive trend coming into the year. Id also just echo what Cameron said - we continue to focus on balancing margin expansion with reinvestment in the business, and as it relates to our issuer margins, well continue to see the benefit of strong volume-based revenue trends and ongoing expense management.  In Q1 specifically, we expect margins to be slightly higher than the 50 basis points, given the lower Q1 23 absolute margin figures, but otherwise margin expansion for the overall company will be pretty consistent across each of the quarters.
Darrin Peller: Thats really helpful. Just quickly on the buyback question, I mean, is this--it looks like you raised your authorization, if Im not mistaken, so is this an indication of more capital returning expectations going forward?
Josh Whipple: Darrin, I would say that we plan to return to a more balanced capital allocation approach in 2024. Buybacks remain one of our priorities, but we plan to further reduce debt until we can return to that roughly three times levered target on a net debt basis during the year.
Darrin Peller: Great.
Cameron Bready: Darrin, the only thing Id add - I mean, it was important to us going into the year to have the capacity to be able to do share repurchases if thats what capital allocation plans call for, so obviously were pleased the board supports that and I think it sends a signal, obviously, that were very open minded to share repurchases if thats the best alternative for capital allocation this year. 
Darrin Peller: Thanks Cameron, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please proceed with your question
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi there, thanks for taking my question today. Could you help us think through the timing and magnitude of the contribution from the Commerzbank JV this year? Will it ramp quickly? Does it--you know, how much is baked into guidance, basically, from that deal?
Cameron Bready: Yes, its a good question, and let me just be clear, Ramsey, about the joint venture itself. Were not buying into an existing portfolio that Commerzbank has. Commerzbank doesnt have an acquiring business today. What were doing effectively through the joint venture is entering into a distribution partnership whereby Commerzbank will obviously be a distribution channel for us. Theyll own 49% of the business but theyre largely bringing distribution to the party as it relates to the joint venture that were establishing with them Essentially, think of it as a greenfield opportunity to really grow and scale a business in Germany, starting with a very small base that we acquired through the EVO acquisition last year, but it an opportunity to grow and scale a more meaningful business in Germany over a long period of time.  Commerzbank is one of the largest domestic banks in Germany. They have one of the strongest market positions, particularly across small and medium-sized merchants, which is obviously more of our target market and the markets that we serve around the globe. Today, we think its a fantastic new partner thats going to allow us to build over time a more meaningful business in Germany, but obviously its going to take a while to scale there.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it, great. Sounds like a great new channel. A follow-up from me, could you update us on the U.K. business and just let us know if youre seeing stabilization there on the macro or consumer spending front, and I guess in the context of takepayments chatter, do you have the product capabilities that you need over there to compete effectively at this point?
Cameron Bready: Yes, its a good question, Ramsey. Im not going to comment on the latter part of that, naturally. Not surprisingly, we dont comment on market rumors of that nature. But I think as it relates to the U.K. market, I would say a couple things. One is we are starting to see some signs of stabilization there, which I think is positive. Obviously they reported their inflation numbers this morning - they were generally in line with expectations, unlike where the U.S. was yesterday, so I think thats a constructive step forward as well. I dont know that weve seen absolute bottom in the U.K. as it relates to the macro pressure, obviously, that weve highlighted over the course of much of the last year and beyond; but I do think we are getting to a point where were seeing things stabilize in that market, which gives us a little bit more optimism about where we can go over the longer term in the U.K. I would say as it relates to product and capability, the short answer is yes - I mean, weve worked hard to bring new products and new solutions to that market. Weve talked about bringing our GP POS solution to the U.K. market, which we think will give us a very competitive point-of-sale to market, and again thats not highly differentiated like it is here in the U.S. market. Weve brought other solutions from a commerce-enablement perspective to the U.K. market as well, so I think certainly from a product capability standpoint, we have everything that we need to be successful in that market. I think the challenge with the U.K. has really been macro driven over a longer period of time, and thats obviously something that Ive said before. I think were starting to see signs of stabilization there.
Ramsey El-Assal: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Dave Koning: Yes, hey guys, thanks. I thought one of the really encouraging parts of the quarter and just the guidance is free cash flow conversion. Not many companies are guiding to around 100% conversion. Can you discuss that a little bit - you know, what about your company converts so well? Kind of a pairing with that question, youve had semi-high merger add-backs, although theyve come down the last few quarters. Are those going to go down pretty significantly in 2024?
Josh Whipple: Yes, Ill go ahead and take that. Look - we were, I would say generally very pleased with our free cash flow conversion, especially for the quarter. We were over 100%, for the full year we were 100%, and this was in line with our expectations as weve been guiding over the last several quarters and the last year. I would say that this conversion follows the trajectory that we saw in 2022 - you know, a little bit weaker in the first half of the year and stronger in the second half of the year.  What I would say in 24, we continue to go ahead and target that same general trajectory and pattern, and we expect to go ahead and convert roughly 100% in 2024, excluding the impact of the timing--you know, change of recognizing the R&D tax credits.  As it relates to the add-backs, I would say we continue to go ahead and expect add-backs to come down. I think as youll note in our scheduled time of the press release that we expect GAAP earnings to be approximately 50% of adjusted earnings - thats a significant improvement relative to last year, and we expect that to go ahead and continue as time goes on.
Dave Koning: Thank you, and maybe just a quick follow-up on the pace through the year of earnings. It sounds like once you anniversary Netspend and anniversary EVO, both revenue and EPS can accelerate a little bit, given just the profiles?
Josh Whipple: Yes, look - what I would say is were expecting 11%, 12% EPS growth. Q1, as you rightly point out, were anniversarying Netspend and gaming, so that will be slightly below the range, but I would say Q2 will be in the 11% to 12% range, and then Q3/Q4 will be in the 12% to 13% range, and that kind of gets you to 11 or 12 for the full year.
Dave Koning: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Bergin: Hey guys, thank you. Good morning. Want to dig in on the merchant growth guide first. Are you expecting volumes to be generally in line with the forecast you have? Just any comments on additional potential lift from pricing in that view, and are you forecasting that merchant growth level in the balance of the year after EVO and the gaming sale to be generally level?
Cameron Bready: Yes, good questions. I would say, maybe just to address the last one quickly, the short answer is yes. Once we anniversary EVO in the first quarter and gaming, I would expect Q2 through Q4 to be relatively consistent based on our current outlook for the full year. Just going back to the first part of your question, I would say yes, we would expect volumes to generally track relatively in line with the revenue growth that were seeing in the business. T hats been a consistent trend, if you look at the schedule we provide in our earnings presentation. You can go back quite a long period of time and see that trend being pretty consistent, which is something that were pleased about, so the outlook for 2024, I would say yes, by and large we expect volumes to generally track our revenue expectations as we work ourselves through the balance of the year. Then I would say on pricing, we really havent changed our philosophy on that front. Weve been pretty consistent in our commentary as to how we think about pricing, not only our commentary but our actual execution of it as well, clearly geared towards making sure that we think were getting paid fairly and appropriately for the level of value and service that were delivering to our customers. Were not the low cost provider in the market and we dont strive to be, and we think the value proposition we bring to customers and clients is differentiated and we want the price for our services to reflect that, so theres nothing unusual, I would say, in 2024 from a pricing perspective. Its a little bit more of a continuation of executing against that philosophy that weve had over a long period of time.
Bryan Bergin: Okay, I appreciate that. A follow-up on the vertical solutions business. As you think about potential investments, where may you have further interest to lean in, where you arent currently exposed?
Cameron Bready: Yes, its a good question. We take a lot of care to be very deliberate in terms of where we think we want to own software assets versus where do we want to partner. We obviously have a fantastic integrated business, we have a great partnership model, and that is a business that gives us, I think, a lot of opportunity to continue to benefit from embedded payments, integrated payments - put whatever term you want to around it, so obviously that is a focus of our growth as well as, in certain vertical markets, wanting to own software assets because we think we can drive better payment monetization, we think we can drive better growth and better differentiation in our solutions by owning software. We tend to target verticals, as we said for a long period of time, that are large addressable spend markets, there needs to be a strong nexus with payments. Obviously were not in the business of owning software just to own software. We want to own software in vertical markets where theres strong consumer spend and a good opportunity to monetize payment flows coming out of that. The third thing I would say is we want to invest in software businesses where we can leverage our investment across the broader Global Payments. A big focus for us is finding ways to amplify the impact of the investments were making, whether its in our more traditional payments businesses or in our vertical markets software businesses. We want to be able to take investments that were making in those businesses and find ways to amplify them across the broader Global Payments portfolio. Then lastly, as I talked about before, were very focused on those vertical markets that have some international applicability. One of the things weve been successful in doing, and I highlighted some of this in my script today, is taking our software solutions to markets outside of the U.S. - U.K., Canada, Australia, etc., and using those obviously as a means by which to drive growth and differentiation in markets outside the U.S. that we serve today, so thats another important element as we think about vertical expansion. Without getting into specific verticals, thats how we think about the world, but its a pretty consistent mindset, I would say, that weve had over a long period of time as weve thought about investing in software.
Bryan Bergin: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi, good morning. Appreciate you taking the questions. Cameron, I love the build-up the growth rates in merchant and the focus on software and technology broadly. Can you talk a little bit about--again, the macro aside, maybe a couple levers that might accelerate merchant organic revenue growth, or longer term, and again I want to stay away from cycle guide, but just theoretically, conceptually, is there the capacity to accelerate top line, how do you do it, and how much of a sense of urgency is it versus just compounding what is a very nice rate today? Just trying to think about that longer term.
Cameron Bready: Yes Andrew, good questions. I would say certainly I think there are opportunities over time to be able to drive that higher, slightly higher. I would just balance that against the fact that our merchant revenue today is well north of $7 billion, so youve moving a big number when were talking about growth rates in the range that were talking about. But the areas where Im sort of bullish, and I think there are probably prospects to drive better rates over time, is really around point of sale software. Were making meaningful investments in that area. We spent a lot of time in our Q3 call talking about our overall point of sale strategy, how we think about the different assets that we own today, where were trying to leverage those across our wholesale business, across our direct business, across our international markets, across enterprise QSR and stadium and event venues, etc.  As were rolling out our next generation of capabilities in 2024 and we think about bringing POS solutions to markets outside of the U.S. over time, as I touched on, Im pretty--you know, I do have high expectations for what were able to do with that point of sale business and growing and scaling it over the next several years. I certainly think that is a lever that wed want to lean on and try to drive obviously continued strong rates of growth in that channel, that can obviously augment the overall rates of growth for the business. Id say the second thing is really the international markets, as I highlighted. I do think those markets, just from a competitive dynamic perspective, are less intense than the U.S. market. I think we have great market positions, we have great partners, and were bringing more and more product and capability to those markets that I think can drive more differentiation and therefore lead to better rates of growth for the business over time, so certainly thats another area in the business where I continue to see good opportunities for us to grow and scale. Then third, obviously the more embedded payment trends that sort of become tailwinds for the business, the more omnichannel continues to drive meaningful growth, I would say in the business overall, I think were poised to take advantage of those trends over a longer period of time, and obviously I think those support clearly the rates of growth that we have in the business and hopefully would provide some tailwind to that over time. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay, I appreciate that, its helpful. Then just a quick one to follow up, it looks like yields within the issuer business have been pretty stable. Can you just comment on renewal terms - you called out a couple big customer renewals, I just wonder if pricing is stable or what the trends are there.
Cameron Bready: Yes, its a good question, and obviously not surprisingly, we dont get into specific conversations around pricing for any particular customer. I would say a couple things. One is we were obviously delighted to renew two flagship customers, as I called out in my prepared remarks. Those are customers that have been with us for a very long period of time, we have very strong relationships with, and obviously getting those renewals done, I think was important. Its also reflected in the guide for the business, so as you can see, obviously were able to manage those in the context of still growing the issuer businesses, kind of at our targeted rate of growth heading into 2024. I would say more broadly, as we continue to invest in modernization, we continue to invest in more enablement capability for our clients and building our more cloud-native solutions and more micro services that allow our clients to be able to consume capabilities more easily, I think thats going to open up new channels and new avenues for growth for that business, which we think long term obviously helps to drive better growth prospects for the issuer solutions business, so weve made a substantial amount of progress on our modernization efforts. We talked about whats in plan for 2024 as were running a number of pilots across the business, different geographies, products and services, and bundles that we sell into the market that obviously position us to begin to start to commercializing those solutions in the near term, so were pleased with how that project is progressing and were pleased with how it positions that business, I think to obviously sustain current rates of growth; but obviously the goal and the objective is to be able to accelerate those rates of growth over time by opening up new markets and opening up new revenue channels for the issuer business.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you very much.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Andrew.  With that, Id like to thank everyone for joining our call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Global Payments and all of your support, and Ill wish everyone a happy Valentines day. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments third quarter 2023 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations, that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental material available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call are Cameron Bready, President and CEO; and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now Ill turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Winnie and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We delivered strong third quarter results that were ahead of our expectation, despite what continues to be an uncertain macroeconomic environment and a much stronger dollar than forecasted when we provided our outlook back in August. I am very proud of this performance and our teams globally for their ongoing consistency of execution. On a consolidated basis, we reported 9% adjusted net revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share growth of 11% for the quarter. This includes a roughly 700 basis point headwind to adjusted earnings per share growth from the divestiture of Netspend consumer assets, which we completed last quarter. We also expanded adjusted operating margins by 50 basis points.  Focusing first on our Merchant Solution segment, we again delivered strong organic growth in the third quarter, consistent with our second quarter performance, driven by ongoing momentum in our technology enabled offerings, which collectively represent roughly 65% of our total merchant adjusted net revenues. Our software centric businesses across our partnered, owned, and POS strategies continue to drive a meaningful share of growth in the business. Starting with our integrated business, we achieved strong growth in record new bookings again this quarter, signing 16 new integrated partners, a 33% increase from the prior year. These booking trends underscore confidence in our ability to maintain consistent growth in this business going forward, as our differentiated capabilities continue to resonate with the ISP market. Our new Progressive Payment facilitation, or profac model is a prime example of our leadership in this channel. We signed six new profac partners in the third quarter and have more than 20 additional opportunities in the pipeline, reflecting strong demand for this new offering.  We also saw a strong double-digit performance in booking trends this quarter across our own vertical market software businesses. Zego, our newest addition to this business continues to see solid demand for its solutions, with bookings growth of 15% in the quarter. Notably, Zego also expanded the scope of existing partnerships to include additional payment solutions with global real estate management firm Harbor Group and multifamily management company, Respond, while furthering its expansion in the student housing vertical by signing an additional partner, Domus Student Living. An active network had one of its best booking quarters since the pandemic, including new partnerships with YMCA of Vancouver, Alterra Mountain Company, the New York Triathlon, and the Sydney Half Marathon. Additionally, our university business, TouchNet, signed a new partnership with the college in Vancouver and extended the relationship with the Texas State University system.  As for our POS software business, we again delivered 20% plus growth in this channel as we continue to see strong demand for our solutions and benefit from releases of new product enhancements. Collectively, adjusted net revenue for our POS business is approaching $400 million annually and is one of the fastest growing channels of our business. Today, we offer complete cloud based POS software in commerce enablement platforms targeting three distinct segments of the market with solutions that are purpose built for key verticals, primarily restaurant and retail.  We focus on these verticals for several reasons. One, they are large addressable markets. Two, they are international in scope. And three, because more and more payment decisions are being made in connection with the point of sale in these markets. Our POS solutions are used by over 80,000 merchant locations globally, enabling businesses of all sizes, from SMBs to enterprise customers, to run and grow more effectively. Our products easily scale from simpler solutions for a single location to complex environments for large merchants with multi-unit and multinational requirements. Across our POS platforms, we seamlessly combined software, hardware, and payments for in-person mobile and online environments, providing for great customer experiences. And we deliver all this and customized configurations that specifically addressed the unique software and payment requirements of our customers.  Our solutions are designed to grow with the customer's business. We leverage a common technology stack that enable customers to easily add functionality as they expand. This allows us to serve the small end of the SMB market and scale with merchants, increasing software revenue along the way. Importantly, this differentiates us from many of our competitors who attempt to address small and large and general and vertically specific used cases with the same single offering. And we couple our complete commerce enablement solutions with distinctive distribution and full local service and support that is unrivalled in the market.  Our entry level product or general purpose cloud based point of sale solution is branded GP Pause. This offering provides a highly competitive starter solution for SMB customers who want a simple and intuitive system with a robust feature set. GP Pause delivers an expansive set of mobile POS capabilities and commerce enablement tools. These features can be tailored to the specific requirements of the merchant business on the vertical market and geographies they serve. Importantly, GP Pause is essentially self-service from beginning to end. From onboarding to full configuration of the functionality, a merchant can easily enable our software and begin accepting payments in less than 24 hours.  We offer GP Pause globally through a variety of regional and wholesale distribution channels. In the last year, we successfully launched our GP Pause technology in numerous international markets, including Canada, the UK, Spain and Central Europe, and expect to further expand to Poland, Germany and Ireland over the next 12 to 24 months. We couple our innovative GP Pause solution with local presence and support capabilities, as well as our long standing FI partnerships in these markets. A powerful combination our competitors simply cannot replicate.  In North America, we have distinct, vertically specific restaurant and retail focused, cloud based POS solutions Heartland Restaurant and Heartland Retail. We leverage our Heartland direct channel to target SMB and mid-market customers with these solutions. Typically, those serving 2 to 20 locations but can scale to customers with significantly more locations. The vertically fluent capabilities we offer customers include mobile POS and Pin on Glass solutions, guest and table management, ordering kitchen management, pricing matrices, discounting functionality, cash discount programs, predictive analytics, AI driven marketing and loyalty programs and human capital management and payroll solutions. And we deliver this seamlessly as a cohesive commerce enablement platform, all from the point of sale.  Our solutions also offer open architecture and have integrations with dozens of software partners, which allows our customers to enable various delivery services, accounting applications, inventory management software, and other disruptive technologies, again, all accessible at the point of sale. We have two primary distribution channels for these solutions in North America. The first is our local dealer network, representing nearly every major metro market in the U.S. and Canada, where we have over 300 partners who provide sales, support and service.  The second is our local sales professionals across the U.S. and Canada, who are solution-oriented domain experts and serve as relationship partners to our customers. We have seen strong growth in our Heartland POS software solutions and expect the momentum to continue on the heels of the launch of our next generation offerings in early 2024, which will deliver an improved user interface and more intuitive experiences across our iOS and Android based solutions. Our Next Gen POS is also designed to be mobile first, allowing for a best in class, omnichannel experiences.  Completing our suite of POS capabilities, we have solutions for specific vertical enterprise customers, which have the most complex requirements in operation and technical environments. At this end of the market, we offer our Xenial Cloud POS enterprise solution, offering scalable, secure and real time services for the world's largest quick service restaurants, food service management companies, and sports and entertainment venues. The Xenial POS ecosystem provides an API-first approach to in-house and partner integrations for the most sophisticated enterprise customers. Whether supporting a multi-lane drive-through, QSR, or a large sports arena, Xenial provides the complete technology stack required to run these operations all fully integrated at the point of sale. This includes dynamic digital menu boards, kiosk and mobile ordering solutions, kitchen management solutions, AI based drive-through solutions, and customer engagement to name a few. And we are proud that Xenial is also leading the way in delivering the drive through of the future technology for its enterprise QSR customers. We are proud to serve 26 of the top 50 QSR brands with our technology on a global basis.  With respect to entertainment venues, Xenial operates the food and beverage suite and retail environments for some of the most complex stadiums in the world. In these environments, food service management providers rely on our technology to deliver best in class customer and fan experiences. We currently serve almost 100 stadium and event venues with our solutions globally.  We went in the market by solving complexity for our customers, whether that is multi-unit requirements or multinational expansion, or the convergence of physical and virtual environments. From delivering core feature functionality required by small merchants by a mobile solution, providing greater levels of functionality in a simple register to a full featured software platform, we provide our customers with the ideal point of sale technology tailored to their specific needs. And we couple our best in class commerce enablement capabilities with more distinctive and diversified distribution streams and service at scale worldwide that our competitors really can't match. As a result, we remain very enthusiastic about the growth prospects for our POS business globally moving forward.  Speaking of our global reach, it is worth noting that we achieved strong double-digit growth in Spain and throughout Central Europe in the quarter, while Poland, Greece, and Ireland, which we entered via our acquisition of EVO, were also bright spots in Europe. We're also excited to announce a new agreement with the International Parking Group to support payments for a Smart Parking Solutions on an omnichannel basis across the UK and Ireland, as well as the U.S. and Canada. In Asia Pacific, we are thrilled to have recently signed a new partnership with Marriott International and will begin offering seamless omnichannel solutions this quarter in select hotel locations across the region.  Turning to issuer, we achieved mid single-digit growth consistent with our expectations and longer term targets once again this quarter. Transaction growth remains strong throughout the quarter, led by our commercial business, highlighting ongoing improvements in cross-quarter corporate travel. Traditional accounts on file increased by approximately 11 million sequentially as we continue to benefit from strong growth with our existing large financial institution clients in the ongoing execution of our conversion pipeline.  This quarter, we successfully completed conversions of two new portfolios acquired by large existing FI partners through M&A, further supporting our strategy of aligning with market share winners. Further, we recently completed the migration of the first wave of accounts for a leading U.S. retailer for one of our largest partners as part of a co-branded relationship. And early this month, we migrated CAD, the credit card joint venture between Scotiabank and Chile's largest retailer, Cencosud, representing our first issuer customer in the market. We are also pleased to have reached a new issuer processing agreement with a leading U.S. bank during the third quarter. This FI is a long-standing Global Payments merchant partner, and the strength of our relationship provided the foundation for expansion of our partnership to include our leading Issuer Technology Solutions. Notably, this partner will also leverage our next-gen analytics platform via the AWS Cloud, as we continue to see great progress with clients enabling our modernized services. We also signed a multiyear extension with two large-standing FI partners during the third quarter.  Shifting to B2B, we continue to drive strong growth with both corporates and financial institutions as we leverage our capabilities across software-driven workflow automation solutions, money in and money out funds flow capabilities, and our broad suite of employer solutions. Starting with workflow automation, MineralTree subscription bookings for its AP automation software increased an impressive 86% year-over-year this quarter. We are also pleased to have successfully integrated EVO's PayFabric software into our merchant business, which provides our new and existing U.S. customer greater AR automation capabilities.  Regarding B2B funds flows, as we discussed last quarter, virtual card option continues to expand, contributing to the strong growth in commercial transactions. We're also seeing an acceleration in virtual cards being tokenized and provisioned in mobile wallets, which is further catalyzing growth. Additionally, our B2B bookings in Merchant Solutions doubled in the third quarter relative to the prior year while new merchant B2B payments volume increased by more than 50% from last year as we continue to progress the EVO integration and harmonize our go-to-market strategy. Moving to Employer Solutions, our PayCard business signed a new partnership with hospitality staffing firm, Exclusive Services, and renewed its existing relationship with Flynn Restaurant Group, the largest restaurant group in the U.S. We also achieved a new EWA partnership with KFC franchisee JRC Restaurants. Lastly, our software-driven human capital management and payroll solutions business delivered growth of more than 20% in the third quarter. B2B offers an attractive growth opportunity for our business and represents a core element of our strategy going forward. As we continue to unify our offerings in this space and refine our strategy, we expect to continue to capture share and accelerate growth in B2B over the long-term. With that, I'll turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Cameron. We are pleased with the continued strong financial performance we delivered in the third quarter and for the year-to-date period, which exceeded our expectations despite absorbing a roughly $10 million adjusted net revenue headwind from foreign currency exchange rates relative to our expectations when we guided in early August. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.23 billion, an increase of 9% and from the same period in the prior year. Excluding the impact of dispositions, adjusted net revenue increased 17%.  Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 50 basis points to 45.7%. Excluding the impact of our acquisition of EVO payments and dispositions, adjusted operating margin increased 90 basis points, highlighting ongoing consistent execution across our businesses. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.75, an increase of 11% compared to the same period in 2022; or 18%, excluding the impact of dispositions. This includes a roughly one point headwind from adverse foreign currency exchange rates relative to when we updated guidance on our second quarter earnings conference call. Taking a closer look at performance by segment. Merchant Solutions reported adjusted net revenue of $1.73 billion for the third quarter, a 19% improvement from the prior year; or 9% growth, excluding the impact of EVO and dispositions. As Cameron highlighted, this performance was led by the ongoing strength of our technology-enabled businesses while we also benefited from double-digit growth in faster growth markets, including Spain and Central Europe. This was partially offset by ongoing macro softness in limited geographies, including the UK, where the economic environment remains challenging; and in Canada, where GDP growth is hovering around zero. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 49.1% in this segment consistent with our expectations. This represented a decline of 90 basis points due to the acquisition of EVO. However, excluding the impact of EVO and dispositions, adjusted operating margin increased 40 basis points. Our Issuer Solutions produced adjusted net revenue of $520 million, reflecting 6% growth. The core issuer business also grew mid-single digits this quarter, driven by ongoing strength in volume-based revenue. As Cameron highlighted, we added approximately 11 million traditional accounts on file sequentially. This equates to an increase of more than 60 million accounts year-over-year as we continue to see healthy account growth with our large FI customers and benefit from the ongoing execution of our conversion pipeline. Transactions grew high single digits compared to the third quarter of 2022, led by commercial card transactions, which increased to mid-teens. This was partially offset by slower growth in managed and output services as we continue to focus our Issuer business on more technology enablement. Our Issuer team executed four conversions since the beginning of the third quarter and have successfully completed 11 conversions since the beginning of the year. We have also signed two new contracts and completed 10 renewals year-to-date, and currently have seven active LOIs in addition to nearly 20 mid to late-stage opportunities in the pipeline. Shifting to our issuer B2B portfolio. These businesses delivered double-digit growth this quarter, led by MineralTree which achieved 20% growth in its targeted mid-market segment, while PayCard accelerated nicely as the business is beginning to lap more difficult employment comparisons that were a drag on year-over-year performance during the first half of 2023. Finally, Issuer Solutions delivered adjusted operating margin of 47.5%, an increase of 110 basis points from the prior year, fueled by solid top line growth and are continuing to focus on driving efficiencies in the business. From a cash flow standpoint, we produced adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of $733 million, representing 102% conversion rate of adjusted net income to adjusted free cash flow despite a modest increase in capital spending this quarter. We continue to target converting roughly 100% of adjusted earnings to adjusted free cash flow for the full year, excluding roughly five-point impact of the timing change to recognizing research and development tax credits. We also continue to expect capital investment to be approximately $630 million in 2023, consistent with our prior outlook.  Year-to-date, we have reduced outstanding debt by more than $1.1 billion, and our leverage position was 3.5 times at the end of the quarter, consistent with our expectations. We remain on track to return to a leverage level consistent with our long-term targets in the low 3s by year-end. Our balance sheet remains healthy, and we have $3 billion of available liquidity. Further, our total indebtedness is approximately 88% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.85%. We are pleased with how our business is positioned following our performance for the first nine months of 2023. We continue to forecast adjusted net revenue for the full year to range from $8.660 billion to $8.735 billion reflecting growth of 7% to 8% over 2022. Given the roughly $40 million headwind to adjusted net revenue we have seen from adverse foreign currency exchange rates relative to our prior guidance, we now expect to be in the lower half of this range, absent an improvement in rates. Moving to margins, we continue to forecast annual adjusted operating margin to expand by up to 120 basis points for 2023. We remain on track to realize approximately $35 million in cost synergies from the EVO acquisition this year. To provide color at the segment level, we continue to anticipate our merchant segment to report adjusted net revenue growth of approximately 16% for the full year, consistent with our prior forecast despite absorbing the aforementioned FX headwinds. We continue to expect a nominal decline in reported adjusted operating margin for the Merchant business for the full year due to the EVO acquisition. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we continue to expect issuer to grow in the 5% to 6% range on a constant currency basis. However, if the recent U.S. dollar strengthening persists, we would expect to be closer to the low end of that range on a reported basis. We anticipate adjusted operating margin for the issuer business to expand by more than 60 basis points for the year as we benefit from natural operating leverage in the business. Turning to a couple of non-operating items. We expect net interest expense to be roughly $540 million and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. For modeling purposes, we continue to assume excess cash is used to pay down indebtedness during the fourth quarter. Putting it all together, we now expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $10.39 to $10.45, reflecting growth of approximately 11% to 12% over 2022. Excluding dispositions, adjusted earnings per share growth is expected to be roughly 17% for 2023. This guidance includes almost a point of headwind to adjusted earnings per share given the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar that was not reflected in our prior outlook. Similar to what you've heard from others, October trends were consistent with what we saw in the third quarter. While our base case outlook today presumes spending trends and macroeconomic backdrop relatively consistent with what we are seeing currently, our guidance accommodates for a range of scenarios, including a more tempered economic environment given continued uncertainty. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Josh. We continue to see strong momentum in our business and consumer spending has remained resilient over the course of the year. Although labor trends remain quite strong, we are monitoring the impact of rising rates resulting from monetary policy decisions globally, elevated inflation, and of course geopolitical risk from the ongoing situation in Europe and recent events in the Middle East. We are confident we have built a better and more durable business model, which positions us well to manage through any environment if the current backdrop changes. I am pleased with all that we have accomplished this quarter and for the first nine months of 2023, as we continue to advance our strategy and maintain strong execution throughout the business. We have the very best team members providing the very best experiences for our customers, with the very best technologies in the most attractive markets globally. Together, we are positioned to deliver strong operating and financial performance while remaining at the forefront of innovation. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Cameron. Before we begin our question-and-answer session I would like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions. 
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thank you so much for taking my question this morning and thanks for the deeper dive on your POS software solutions, I thought that was very helpful. Could you give us your latest thoughts, kind of with the inclusion of EVO, about the split between discretionary and nondiscretionary volumes in your merchant business, are you seeing any changes there in terms of spending patterns, how should we kind of try to think through that?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ramsey, it's Cameron. Good morning and thanks for your comments. I'll kick it off, and I'll ask Josh to add any color that he would like to. So if you look across the portfolio today, I would characterize the business mix we have, it's pretty well diversified across discretionary and non-discretionary verticals. Without putting a specific point estimate on each, it's roughly split evenly between discretionary and non-discretionary. I think today, we're probably exposed to over 70 different vertical markets, and we have good diversification again across the overall merchant business domestically here in the U.S. and in our international markets as well. I think if you look at the overall economy today, we are seeing better trends in the non-discretionary categories. I would say, however, we are seeing vertical markets like restaurants continue to hold up well. And certainly, it's an experience-driven economy as we sit here today. So certainly, areas that are more focused on providing experience to the consumer are trending better than what you see across broad-based retail. But by and large, I'd say, as we said in our prepared remarks, the overall level of consumer spending, I think, remains pretty resilient across the board.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. And a quick follow-up from me. If the Fed ends up lowering debit interchange, would you guys benefit from that a bit, at least in that part of your business where you have a more blended pricing approach rather than a cost-plus model?
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think my perspective on that, Ramsey, is any time the cost of acceptance goes down for our customers, it's a good thing for our business. So certainly, lowering the cost of interchange for our merchant customers is a positive for the business. Generally, much of our portfolio is passed through pricing, so interchange plus pricing, where those benefits would immediately get passed on to merchant customers. And what we've generally seen over time is where it's not, the market will sort of compete away that benefit over a period of time. So there may be a short-term sort of blip around it. But generally, what we see is that benefit to interchange would ultimately get competed away in the market over some period of time.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it, thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Darrin Peller: Hey guys, thanks. It's great to see the consistency on the 9% growth in the Merchant side. If we could just dial into that a little bit more and just give us a sense on what the best drivers of that consistent strength have been? And then, Cameron, just when we think about the spread between volume and revenue growth, once again, it's still very, very narrow. You guys -- I think putting aside the organic, just the reported was only one point apart similar to last quarter's. And so again, it just reminds us of whether there's more opportunity to yield on pricing or on -- we could expect to see on value-added service or anything else on that front?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin, good questions both. So I would say the drivers continue to be what we've talked about throughout the course of the year. Our technology-enabled businesses continue to perform really well. They are the tip of the spear for growth in the business. I'll highlight our POS, which obviously, we spent a lot of our time in our prepared remarks talking about today. We continue to see very good momentum, 20% plus growth in that channel again this quarter. And again, we're very enthusiastic about the future of that, particularly as we begin to roll out B2 of our restaurant and retail platform through the Heartland channel as we get into 2024. So we're very bullish on the outlook for that business over a longer period of time. Integrated continues to be a very strong performer as well. Consistent growth this quarter as to what we saw in the Q2 time frame. And again, our vertical market businesses continue to grow in the low double-digit pace as we continue to see good strong demand for our software solutions and continue to monetize payment flows around that pretty effectively. So I think if you step back and look at the business, the themes are very consistent kind of Q2 to Q3, and we expect that to be the same as we get into Q4. I think as it relates to the second part of your question, and I think much of what you're seeing kind of flowing through right now is really the impact of EVO to some degree, because they really just sold payments, so their revenue is more directly tied, obviously, to just the level of payment volumes in the business. As we bring more value-added services to the business, as we sell more software on our own Global Payments channels, obviously, we think there's opportunities for more elevated growth in revenue relative to the growth of volume that we see through the business over time. So I think that long-term macro trend remains in effect. But certainly, there are investments that we're going to need to make in the business to be able to deploy a lot of the value-added services, software capabilities we have through the EVO channels, which will be a tailwind to kind of driving that revenue growth. It may be decoupling slightly from the overall level of volume growth that we see in the business but I've said many times, I want those two trends to obviously correlate very highly. I think they should correlate highly. Our goal with software is to monetize payments. So as we're doing that, we should see uplift in payment volume even as we're selling more software in the business. So I wouldn't expect radical departures but obviously, to your point, there is opportunity, I think, to continue to drive more non-volume-based revenue growth in the business, and you should see that play out over a period of time.
Darrin Peller: That's really great to hear. And then just very quickly on the win you mentioned on the issuer side. Obviously, that comes on top of a number of the ads you've had, which has been great. But any color on what really drove that, I think you talked about a partner and a large partner in the U.S. in the FI channel. But again, what's adding -- what's really driving that win?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think -- look, I think in the issuer business, it really boils down to the feature-rich capabilities that we bring to bear on that market. That really are distinctive relative to what other competitors can provide. And it also aligns with our strategy of picking market winners and trying to grow with market winners. There's a lot of business we can do in the issuer space. I would say historically, we've really tried to focus our efforts and lean into those relationships with partners that have good strategies in the market where they're growing and winning. So obviously, as they succeed with their own business strategies, we obviously benefit from that as we look to grow and scale our issuer business as well. So I think it's just a combination of having fantastic capabilities, feature-rich functionality, and a good strategy of aligning ourselves with market winners that we see continue to play out in that business.
Darrin Peller: And it's good to see the AWS partnership play out there, too. Guys, thanks a lot and nice quarter.
Cameron Bready: Thank, Darrin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please proceed with your questions.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey, congratulations on the quarter and the consistency, appreciate it. I guess I wanted to ask, Cameron, just given your commentary up top with regards to the POS stack and software and such, what is the appetite for tech-heavy solutions across the globe, we kind of know what the appetite is here in North America, but are you finding incremental interest in that higher penetration in parts of Europe, because I think that's the other part of the European volume comments that you had, so I appreciate any comments you have there?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin, it's Cameron. The comment I would make is, as we've seen in the U.S. over the course of time, the mode of competition around restaurant and retail for payments is really driven by the point-of-sale technology. And those trends are beginning to play out, they're certainly in an earlier stage in markets outside of the U.S., but they're clearly starting to play out outside of the U.S. as well. So as mentioned in my prepared remarks, a big part of our POS strategy is leveraging the capabilities that we have here in the U.S. market and being able to extend those into markets outside of the U.S. We talked about bringing the GP POS Solution to Canada. We brought it to the UK, Spain, Central Europe. We're going to bring it to Poland, Ireland and Greece over the next 12 to 24 months. Obviously, EVO markets as well. We're going to bring it into Mexico through our, obviously, recent acquisition of EVO's business in Mexico. We think there's great opportunities to grow and scale our POS business there as well. So as we see the strategy for the business, obviously, there's fantastic opportunities here in the U.S. to continue to grow, but there's even better, more active opportunities kind of outside the U.S. where the competitive landscape is different. And obviously, we think we're well positioned through a combination of great distribution, local presence and support to be able to grow POS businesses at a pretty healthy pace for a long period of time.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. And then I do have to sort of go back to the stock nine times earnings. Use of capital at these levels does become sort of interesting question, because I would imagine you need to have a very high return bar on an acquisition or any kind of M&A to prefer that to buying back your own stock. How are you thinking, just heading into 2024 when you kind of hit your leverage targets and such, about capital return and use of capital?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin it's Cameron. I'll start and I'll ask Josh to chime in with his perspective as well. So obviously, no one is more frustrated with the multiple than I am. I think the dislocation we've seen, particularly around payment stocks, is rather unwarranted notwithstanding the uncertainty that exists in the overall macroeconomic environment. That being said, I think your point is exactly right. We're very value oriented. And as we think about getting back to kind of more normal capital allocation heading into 2024, given our leverage ratio is going to be at our target by the end of the year, obviously, we're very focused on driving value for our shareholders. And obviously, at this multiple, like M&A, it's going to have to be pretty compelling from a return perspective to be able to compete with the risk-adjusted returns of buying back our stock at these multiples. So obviously, there's still a good amount of time between now and as we get into 2024. And we hope certainly the multiple landscape changes for the better over that period of time.  But as I said at the outset, we're going to be very focused on driving returns for our shareholders. And I think we've done a good job of that over the course of time, with a balanced capital allocation strategy. And I would like to continue to have that going forward, but that presupposes we can find M&A opportunities that really fit our criteria strategically, fit culturally, and obviously drive the kind of returns that we think our shareholders expect. And certainly, those are competitive with buying back stock. So Josh, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Josh Whipple: Yes. So Ashwin, great question. I think as you think about the balance of the year here, we're focused on paying down debt. That's as Cameron mentioned, I think as we go into 2024, we'll get back on a normal capital allocation strategy where we'll focus on balancing reinvestment in the business and returning capital to shareholders. What I would say is that from an overall M&A perspective, I would say, our pipeline is very, very full. We're continuing to go ahead and build that pipeline. But there is a balance as it relates to returns, a balance between M&A and buying back our own stock. So that's something that we'll closely monitoring. And at these levels, it's something that we'll focus on.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys. Wanted to start on the merchant side of things. Can you tell us what the organic volume growth in the quarter was relative to the 9% revenue growth there and for Q4, are you thinking a similar organic revenue growth rate as the 9% you saw in Q3? Thanks. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, good morning Jason. Both great questions. So the organic "volume growth" same as last quarter, that's high single digit, 9% kind of number, again, aligning with the overall rate of revenue growth we saw in the Global Payments business, ex EVO, ex dispositions. And I would tell you, when we talk about consistency of execution, I can't give you probably any better example between what we've seen in Q2, Q3 and what our expectations are for Q4. So we had 9% growth kind of ex-EVO, ex-dispositions in Q2, same thing in Q3, that is our forecast for Q4. The difference is, obviously, between Q3 and Q4 are really the fact that we saw more FX tailwinds. Even though it was less than we anticipated back in August, we did have FX tailwinds in the quarter. And obviously, seasonally, EVO contributes a little bit more revenue in Q3, just tracking with the overall seasonal profile of their business, which is consistent about Global Payments merchant business as well. So in Q4, we're expecting a little bit less FX tailwind. It's a slight tailwind, very slight based on current expectations. And EVO obviously contributes a little bit less in Q3, just given the seasonal trends of the business. But when I talk about consistency of execution, that's exactly what I'm driving at, which is that sort of consistency we've seen from Q2, Q3, and what our expectations are now for Q4 as well.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And on the issuer side, I wanted to come back to that new U.S. client that you mentioned having won that was already working with you on the merchant side of the business. Any color you can just give us in terms of accounts on file, is this a needle mover for you, and when do you expect to convert that new win?
Cameron Bready: It's a good account. It's not certainly a top five in the U.S., but it is a good account. I can't give you more specifics at this point around number of accounts on file, etcetera. But it's an attractive win for us because I think it does demonstrate the strength of having issuer and acquiring capabilities under one roof. Obviously, we've seen many instances where we've been able to leverage issuer customers into, obviously, the Global Payments relationship. Virgin Money is a good example of that. We've seen good instances where we've been able to leverage Global Payments relationships internationally into issuer customers. [Indiscernible] is a good example of that. It's nice now to have an example here domestically when we've been able to leverage a Global Payments relationship on the FI side into a new issuer opportunity as well. So it is -- needle mover may be a bit strong, but it is a nice win. It's one we're really proud of. It's a great customer and a great partner, and obviously continues to add to that pipeline of new opportunities to support growth in the issuer business over a longer period of time.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Daniel Perlin: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to just touch base on the comment that you had in and around kind of tempered economic environment. I'm wondering what -- kind of what areas in particular you're most concerned about, I know you called out UK and Canada but I'm just wondering, are there other areas that you have your eye on that we need to be focused on that could turn quickly?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Good question, Dan. I'll start and ask Josh to chime in as well. So I think those comments were really with respect to, obviously, our guide being able to accommodate a macro environment, excuse me, that is probably less constructive than what we've seen over the course of Q3 and what we've seen in October. I called out in my prepared remarks the things that we're obviously focused on globally as it relates to the macroeconomic environment. Clearly, the impact on a monetary policy decision increases in rates and how that manifests itself through the various economies we operate in around the globe. It's something that we continue to monitor very closely. Inflation remains stubborn, although we had a pretty decent print in Europe this morning. Overall, inflation still is trending kind of above expectations for most federal banks around the globe. And obviously, that's something that we continue to monitor, obviously, closely tied to monetary policy and what decisions may be made over the coming months.  And then certainly, on the geopolitical front, we continue to monitor and watch the situation in Europe that has extended now well over a year. And obviously, the recent events in the Middle East, which are horrific as it relates to the terrorist attacks. Israel and then the resulting obviously war that is now developing in that region. Those are things that we're monitoring very, very closely. Obviously, as Josh said in his comments, October trends looked just like Q3, which is a positive, I think, from our perspective. But there is uncertainty out there and part of our job is to monitor that uncertainty and make sure we're positioning the business appropriately in light of what we see from a macroeconomic perspective. Josh, I don't know if you'd add anything to that?
Josh Whipple: No, I would just reiterate that what we're seeing in October is very similar to what we saw in Q3 and Q2. So we feel pretty good about what we're seeing currently. But as Cameron highlighted, there are risks out there, the geopolitical stress. The consumer repayment, that's obviously impacting things. And then there's inflation and tighter credit policy as well. So again, it's our tempered outlook, I think, is appropriate just given some of the macro backdrop that we're currently faced with.
Daniel Perlin: That's helpful. Just a quick follow-up, I don't know maybe it's kind of a bigger picture question, but when you think about your ability to drive noncyclical growth, so to speak, in an environment where the consumer may weaken. Like how do you think about your ability to be able to manage that and balance it, noncyclical in this case could also be just like share gain or the new rollout of POS or things of that nature, I'm just trying to kind of gauge the ability for you to manage that? Thank you. 
Cameron Bready: Yes. Look, I think as we talked about for a long period of time, I think we built a model that is fairly durable and resilient and able to grow throughout different macroeconomic environments. So obviously, I think as we think about the future and what the macro may hold, I think we have a lot of confidence that there are growth drivers in this business that can sustain attractive levels of growth even if the underlying GDP growth and consumer spending levels are lower than kind of what we've seen over the course of 2023. Unless we find ourselves in a pandemic like situation we saw in 2020 or a severe recession/depression, I think through most normal macroeconomic environment, this model is built to grow, the rates of growth may evolve over those different cycles. But by and large, between share gains, software, new product capability that we're able to bring to market, secular growth trends we see in markets not tied to GDP growth, but tied to digital payment adoptions, continue to be tailwinds for the business overall. So I think with that backdrop, we're pretty confident that, obviously, we've got a model that will grow at attractive rates, notwithstanding what the macro may be. But that's obviously something we work very hard to make sure we've got a resilient business model that can ride through different cycles over a longer period of time.
Josh Whipple: And the only other thing I would add is that from a macro perspective, if you think about our business, it's incredibly versatile. As Cameron mentioned earlier, we do business across 70 different verticals. We have a physical presence in 41 countries around the globe and do business in 170 different markets. So I think the diversification of our business really creates that durability and stability that we're seeing currently.
Daniel Perlin: Thats great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Trevor Williams with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Trevor Williams: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Yes, I want to follow up on issuer. It's good to see the core growth acceleration there. Cameron, with the on-boardings you called out, some of the visibility into the conversion pipeline, just how durable are you expecting the growth in that segment to be if there does end up being some softening in more of the volume-based revenue at some point, just a refresh on how you view the macro sensitivity of that segment would be helpful? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a good question, Trevor. I think, obviously, as a sensitivity matter, the issuer business is less macro sensitive than the merchant business kind of by definition given the revenue construct of that business and how we go to market from a commercial standpoint. So I do think there's arguably greater durability. Obviously, less upside, of course, as we've seen through different cycles with the issuer business but more downside protection, more durability through softer macro environments in the issuer business. I would say, look, we target that mid-single-digit growth level in that business given where we are currently. I think we feel good about the prospects of continuing to deliver on that level of growth in the business over the short to medium term. Naturally, the investments we're making in that business are designed to drive higher levels of growth in the business over a longer period of time. So as we continue to execute on our modernization program, we continue to nativize existing core feature functionality and capability in the AWS cloud environment, and we continue to obviously sell that and bring more customers into our issuer environment. Our hope is that we can obviously improve the outlook from a growth perspective in that business over a long period of time. But sitting here today, I think the execution that we've seen, the pipeline that we have, the underlying trends we're seeing in the business gives us confidence around the ability to kind of sustain that mid-single-digit growth level heading into the next couple of years.
Trevor Williams: That's great, thanks. And then, Josh, for the fourth quarter, could you help just put a finer point on margin expectations by segment, I think previously, you've been saying Merchant should be up slightly year-over-year on a reported basis. Issuer, you were above the high 46% range you guys had alluded to for the back half. So anything more specifically for how we should be thinking about margins at the segment level for Q4 would be helpful? Thanks. 
Josh Whipple: Yes, let me start with Merchants. So if you go back in Q2, Merchant margins were down about 170 basis points. And then we saw some -- we saw improvement, obviously, going into Q3 was down 90 basis points as we go ahead and continue to ramp in synergies. And for Q4, we expect it to be roughly flat margins for Merchant. And as we said before, we expect a modest decline for the full year in Merchant. Issuer, year-to-date, we've seen margins expand 170 basis points, really a great trajectory. If you go back to Q1, 80 basis points of expansion, 300 basis points of expansion in Q2 and then 110 basis points of expansion in Q3. And if you recall on the Q2 call, I said that issuer margins would be in the high 46% range, and we delivered margins of 47.5% in the issuer business. And we expect those to be similar in Q4, and so I would say issuer margins will be more than 60 basis points for the overall full year. So that's kind of where we're thinking about the overall margin profile of the business. And as we -- as I said in my prepared remarks, we reiterated total company margins of up to 120 basis points for the full year.
Trevor Williams: Got it, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys, good morning. I wanted to ask inside of Merchant, just thinking about retention, how's retention trending? And then bookings, what the outlook is there, do you think there's any -- I'm trying to think if there's any weakness potential if we get into more of an economic decline or bookings kind of a separate issue versus the economy?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll kind of kick it off. I would say maybe just to your latter point first, I do generally think about bookings as a little bit separate from the overall macro environment. Largely because we're not focused on that small end of the market that's going to be more impacted, I would say, by the overall macro as it relates to small business creation in new business development. We're more focused on, I would say, the upper S in the mid-market opportunities, where those businesses, by and large, are going to be less impacted by the macro environment, so to speak, as -- from a formation standpoint. So I think as it relates to the overall booking trends we're seeing kind of across the business, we remain very pleased with the level of performance. We called out a couple of highlights on the call this morning around the Zego booking trends that we've seen. Obviously, our POS bookings remain very strong as well. So overall, across the Merchant business, bookings are in the double digits, which gives us good visibility around new business that's going to be coming into, obviously, our environments over the course of the coming months as we install those merchants or install those software customers into the business. So I think the outlook, as it relates to, obviously, new business remains very strong as we sit here today. And retention levels remain very consistent. We've seen very stable trends around retention kind of through the course of 2023. Even as I think businesses have become more attuned to the cost side of their business with inflationary pressures and whatnot, we've been able to sustain consistent levels of retention in the business, which obviously sets up for why we've been able to see such a consistent level of revenue performance over the course of the year as well.
Bryan Keane: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe for Josh, just trying to get the EVO revenue contribution for the quarter and maybe for the full year. I know there's some FX there, but thinking about that 490 million number we were thinking about, does that change due to some of the FX? And thanks and congrats.
Josh Whipple: Yeah, so Bryan for the quarter, EVO was approximately $165 million. There's obviously -- seasonally, that's a higher quarter for EVO and we're still trending right around that $490 million of adjusted net revenue for the Merchant business that we talked about on the prior call.
Cameron Bready: And just to put a little finer point on that. It's $475 million for Q2 through Q4. Obviously, we had $15 million we called out in Q1 that we had from revenue from EVO from closing just slightly before the quarter end and Q1 of this year. So for Q2 to Q4 it's still $475 million. We've been able to offset some of the FX headwinds, obviously, in EVO's business with a little bit better business performance. So we're still forecasting overall contribution this year of $490 million.
Bryan Keane: Thats great. Thanks so much. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks Bryan. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
William Nance: Hey guys, appreciate you taking the questions. I wanted to ask about some of the new clients you mentioned for the Profac pipeline. I wonder if you can make some kind of high-level statements about the profile of the customers that you're seeing. I guess what types of ISVs have been attracted to the product, and are they currently monetizing payments in any way and maybe you could talk about their motivations for thinking about making a switch? Thanks. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Will, it's Cameron. It's a very good question. And I think much of this sort of reflects back on the comments that I made in our Q2 call as to what attracts ISVs to this particular model. And as I described at that time, it's all the benefits really a payment facilitation without level the pain, I would say, being a payments company. And I think the types of ISVs and partners that we see attracted to this particular model, and this is spanning a number of different vertical markets, most ISVs today have monetized payments in some form or fashion, some better than others, of course. But I think it's, again, typically ISVs that have some specific boarding requirements and need more control over the boarding experience itself, and have some specific funding requirements as well to kind of support the customer base that they target in the marketplace. And so these are ISVs that otherwise might be good candidates for payment facilitation, but in many cases kind of lack the scale, lack the payments expertise to be able to become a true registered payment facilitation entity. So as we talked about at the time, we think this Profac model kind of hits a sweet spot in the market around, obviously, demand for payment facilitation capabilities and tools. But obviously, there's only a subset of ISVs that I think really have the scale and capability to become registered payment facilitation entities over a period of time and to do that very successfully and monetize payments at a very high level. So as we called out on the prepared remarks, obviously, six wins in the quarter for that new solution. We've got over 20 in the pipeline now that are very attractive opportunities for us, ISVs of all different sizes, all different vertical markets. The commonality is really around that boarding experience that they're looking for as well as specific funding requirements they may have, and in understanding that it's difficult for software companies to become payments companies. And obviously, the Profac model tries to solve for that. And I think it does it very well.
William Nance: Got it. Appreciate that. And then just maybe a follow-up question on some of the October trends. It sounds like you guys are funding to relatively consistent consumer spending trends. I think we're 4 for 4 of large-cap payments companies making similar comments. And I think particularly the networks have still put out numbers calling out a deceleration from September to October, and I think there's some abstracts around why that's happening. But just maybe you could kind of talk to your perspective of what do you think is kind of causing that disconnect and should investors be more focused on the slight tick down or the relatively consistent commentary heading into the remainder of the year? Thanks. 
Cameron Bready: Yes. It's a good question, Will. We tried to call out over a long period of time, there's never going to be sort of exact correlation between any particular acquirer, sort of mix of business and what the networks represent. The networks represent the market more broadly as it relates to the brands that they serve in the marketplace. So there's always going to be differences between their fundamental performance and what we're seeing in our business. I think as it relates to our volume, we've seen consistent trends kind of Q3 through October as we called out in our prepared remarks today, there's reasons that the networks may be saying something different in their business. They've got travel comps than we may have in our business. And generally, they may have more fuel exposure in their business than we have in our business. So I think that's one thing that they called out as a reason for volume slightly ticking down in October relative to Q3 performance in their underlying businesses. So there's always going to be some degree of difference between what we're seeing in underlying trends and what the networks may be seeing as well.
William Nance: Very helpful and encouraging. Thanks for taking the questions and thats all for today. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question this morning comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi, thanks. I'll keep it quick. I appreciate the time. Just on the point of sale software front, I appreciate all the disclosures there. Can you just remind us how big the sales force is, do you have a geographic coverage that you want, I know it's complementary to your dealer network? And then also just I'm assuming that the sales force is trained and compensated to sell these value-added services like payroll at this point, they're in a good productive place? That's all I had. Thank you. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, really good question, Tien-Tsin. So as we called out in our prepared remarks earlier, in the U.S. market we go to market through a dealer channel, which is about 300 dealers that cover most of the major markets across the U.S. and Canada as well. And then we have somewhere in the neighborhood of, call it, 1,700 sales professionals who either can sell POS directly or refer POS sales into a specialist who can sell that. So we've tried different combinations as go-to-market from a sales and distribution matter around selling more software. We typically have gone to what I would call somewhat a hybrid model, where we do certify certain RMs to be able to sell POS capabilities. They have to be certified to sell those into the marketplace. But we allow all of our sales professionals, and we compensate them, of course, as well to refer business into those specialists as well. So that relationship, I think whether it's payroll or whether it's point of sale, I think that distribution model has served us well. And I think, generally, it's a good model for us to continue to leverage as we move forward, which means we have lots of distribution, obviously, to be able to push product through in North America. In markets outside of the U.S., I would say the point-of-sale system that we talked about, GP POS, is a little simpler solution. It's easier to sell. It's less complex. So generally, we can push that through the various distribution channels that we have as well as through FI partner distribution as well in international markets in which we operate. So there's really good distribution, I think, capability for us being able to sell our point-of-sale capabilities over time. Obviously, a more sophisticated sale is going to require a more specific specialist who focuses exclusively on POS sales. We're at the smaller end of the market. Most of our sales professionals are going to be able to sell our GP POS solution. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thats perfect. Thank you. Appreciate it. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks Tien-Tsin. And that concludes our call for this morning. I want to take a moment just to thank you for your interest in Global Payments, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone has a happy Halloween. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions and answers. If you should require assistance during this call, please press star then zero. As a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments second quarter 2023 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany todays call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations, that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them.  We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental material available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call are Cameron Bready, President and CEO, and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO.  Now Ill turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Winnie and good morning everyone. It is a privilege to be addressing you today for the first time as Global Payments CEO. I have been in this role for roughly two months and am delighted with how my tenure has begun. The transition has been seamless, as expected. Our organization and team members continue to execute at a very high level, as evidenced by the outstanding second quarter results we reported this morning. Our performance for the quarter was ahead of our expectations despite what has been an uncertain macroeconomic environment globally, driven by the effectiveness of our strategy and ongoing relentless focus on execution. On a consolidated basis, we reported 7% adjusted net revenue growth while expanding adjusted operating margins 100 basis points and delivering adjusted earnings per share growth of 11% for the quarter. This includes a roughly 400 basis point headwind to adjusted earnings per share growth from the divestiture of Netspends consumer assets.  Focusing on our merchant solutions business, we again delivered strong organic growth in the second quarter led by ongoing momentum in our technology-enabled businesses. Our software-centric strategy with an overlay of leading ecomm omni capabilities in value-added commerce-enablement solutions continues to drive our performance, and our ability to deliver these solutions across a diverse and attractive set of geographic markets worldwide further differentiates our business. Software sits at the heart of our merchant solutions business and is supported by a three-legged go-to-market integrated payment strategy spanning our partner ISV, vertical market software, and point of sale software businesses. Collectively, these businesses comprise approximately 40% of our merchant solutions adjusted net revenue and are contributing a meaningful share of the growth in the business.  In our partnered ISV channel, or integrated business, as we often refer to it, we continue to deliver consistent teams growth and again achieved record sales this quarter, surpassing last quarters strong performance. We signed 33% more integrated merchants this period than in the second quarter of 2022. We have a long history of success in our partnered ISV business and continue to gain share despite this becoming a more crowded market over the last several years. Against that backdrop, it is important to highlight why we continue to grow and win in this space. First, we have developed a more streamlined and simplified offering for partners with the options they desire, allowing us to meet both them and their merchants where and how they want to be met. The ISV landscape has changed significantly in the last five years. Software providers desire to bring payments closer to their business and require options on the depth of integration, a clear understanding of the responsibility those depths carry with them, and the benefits of a feature-rich solution. Our simple SDKs and APIs allow us to deliver on these expectations for our ISV partners.  Second, we offer three distinctive integrated payments models to our partners, allowing us to meet the unique demands of an ISV customized for its specific vertical market and merchant base. This includes a more traditional direct integrated model where we provide the most comprehensive suite of products, services and support for both the ISV and its customers. We also offer a full payment facilitation, or payfac model where the partners have access to our leading payments technologies, although much of the operating complexity, including compliance and regulatory requirements, reside with the ISV.  Additionally, we recently launched our new progressive payment facilitation, or profac model, a hybrid option which provides many of the benefits of payment facilitation while minimizing the heavy burden that comes as a payfac. Our profac model is unique to Global Payments, serving as another example of our leadership in integrated payments. We have seen great interest in this proposition and have a strong pipeline of partners seeking to board in the coming quarters. Our full spectrum of integrated solutions allows us to customize our offerings and provide different levels of support based on the specific needs of our partners. Third, across all these models, we offer a higher level of service than our peers, including for our payfac and profac customers, and we also provide our partners with a breadth of commerce enablement and value-added solutions to sell into their merchant base, which meaningfully increases the revenue opportunity and accelerates growth. This includes human capital management software, payroll, loyalty, tailored marketing solutions, BNPL, and call center support, amongst others, again all customized to meet the unique needs of each partner.  Overall, our technology leadership, unrivalled distribution, tailored operating model, comprehensive suite of products and capabilities, and best-in-class service and support is why we win. We meet the specific needs of our partners, which differentiates us in the marketplace and is allowing us to achieve sustainable high rates of growth at attractive margins. Turning to our vertical markets business, our approach is largely consistent with how we think about the ISV partner channel with the exception being that we control the entirety of the technology stack and monetize it accordingly. This business again delivered double digit growth this quarter led by strength in our Zego, Xenial, and school solutions businesses. Zego has seen great momentum in the student housing vertical and recently expanded its relationships with Scion, as well as another large player in this space. Zego is also partnering with our higher education business, TouchNet, to help us capture a greater portion of the student payments value chain through our campus management and one card solutions.  Focusing on Xenial, we announced our partnership with the Atlanta Hawks earlier this year and are now officially live with our Xenial cloud point of sale solutions at State Farm Arena. Xenial also recently signed an agreement with Sodexo, one of the leading food service management companies globally to be its preferred point of sale and kiosk partner. With this win, Xenial is now the partner of choice for the three largest players in the food service management space.  Our school solutions business had a strong quarter, achieving a new school district partnership with Oklahoma City, expanding its partnership with Baltimore County, and extending a large existing relationship with Chicago public schools for several more years. Additionally, Active recently signed the City of Toronto, its largest ever win in the community vertical and one of 14 new partnerships achieved in this space during the quarter.  In vertical markets where the primary mode of competition is at the point of sale, we go to market through one ecosystem of owned POS software solutions with two distinct operating platforms, one for restaurants and one for retail. These cloud-based software solutions operate on a single hardware environment custom designed, built and branded with a modern look and feel. Our POS business grew 20%-plus again this quarter as we continue to see strong demand for our solutions and benefit from releases of product enhancements, including email marketing, customer engagement, and our latest mobile-first online ordering platform, and we expect this momentum to continue on the heels of the launch of our next generation POS platform later this year. Our latest solution provides best-in-class offerings coupled with the full local support and service capabilities to delight our merchant customers in these verticals. Importantly, our software platforms are vertically fluid, which unlike more horizontal solutions in the market offers feature-rich capabilities geared towards the specific requirements of businesses we serve with capabilities that integrate seamlessly. More to come on this. Our technology-enabled strategy is further enhanced by our differentiated ecommerce and omnichannel capabilities which we overlay across all of our businesses, channels, verticals and geographies. Today, roughly 30% of the volume in our business is ecommerce, well above the overall percentage of retail sales tied to ecommerce. We again saw mid-teens growth in ecommerce related adjusted net revenues globally in the second quarter.  We continue to benefit from our ability to seamlessly blend physical and virtual worlds in more markets than our peers, supporting the strong growth trends we have seen in ecommerce across our businesses. To that end, we are pleased to have recently signed a new partnership with EasyPark Group, a global provider of digital parking services across the U.S, Canada and the U.K.  Our exposure to some of the most attractive secular growth markets globally remains an important part of our strategy, both in terms of contributing to our overall rates of growth and providing us the global footprint and scale we need to support complex multinational corporations like EasyPark. Our faster growth markets again contributed to our strong performance in the quarter as we saw double digit growth in Spain, central Europe and Asia Pacific. In APAC specifically, we signed new merchant relationships with several large retailers across multiple geographies, including A.S. Watson Group, Foot Locker, and [indiscernible].  EVO aligns well with our overarching strategy, and its performance was consistent with our expectations for the quarter. We remain excited about the synergy opportunities we see as a combined company, both revenue and expense, and remain very much on track to deliver at least $125 million of run rate synergies from the transaction.  Turning to issuer, we achieved mid single digit growth in the quarter consistent with our expectations and longer term targets. Transaction growth remained strong throughout the quarter led by our commercial business, highlighting ongoing recovery trends in cross-border corporate travel. Traditional accounts on file increased by approximately $10 million sequentially as we benefit from the strong growth within our existing large financial institution clients and the ongoing execution of our conversion pipeline. As yet another example of our successful strategy of aligning with market share winners, Deutsche Bank, our largest client in the [indiscernible] region, recently announced a new issuing partnership with Lufthansa for its Miles & More MasterCard, one of the leading credit card portfolios in Germany and Europe. We were also delighted to assign multi-year extensions with 118 118 Money in the U.K. and another large longstanding financial institution partner here in the U.S. this quarter. We currently have eight LOIs with institutions worldwide, nearly all of which were achieved through a competitive RFP process, and several will go direct to cloud by our collaboration with AWS, our preferred issuer technology solutions partner.  Our relationship with many of the most complex and sophisticated institutions globally speaks to our competitiveness well into the remainder of this decade and beyond, and our issuer conversion pipeline remains at near record post merger levels, providing further confidence in our growth trajectory well into the future.  The future for our business remains very bright as we execute on our multi-year strategy to modernize our technology platforms in cloud native environments, positioning us to provide market leading technologies at scale through more distinctive and defensible distribution channels in more markets than we ever have previously.  Our unique collaboration with AWS is tracking well. We now have our first client in production with our cloud native next gen analytics solution and have a number of additional customers preparing to join our cloud journey by leveraging capabilities we are launching together with AWS throughout the year. Moving to B2B, we continue to drive strong growth with both corporates and financial institutions as we leverage our capabilities across three focus segments within the overarching B2B market: software driven workflow automation, money in and money out funds flows, and employer solutions. Starting with software, our AP and AR workflow automation solutions that include integrations with the leading ERP environments continue to see great momentum. MineralTree achieved its best bookings quarter since the acquisition, underpinning the strong growth we are seeing in our primary midmarket segment as businesses focus their attention on automating their AP processes. We also remain excited about the opportunity we now have to combine MineralTree and EVO software to create a single AP/AR solution with rich data and analytics that will provide a unique value proposition to midmarket customers. As for B2B funds flows, as one of the largest virtual cards issuers in the world, we have significant scale and all of the payment rails and capabilities necessary to support customers in making money out payments in their businesses. Virtual card use continues to expand, contributing to the nearly 20% growth achieved in our commercial business. Over the last 12 months, we issued nearly 80 million virtual cards, enabling roughly $47 billion in spend. Additionally, we are seeing strong growth on the money in side with our B2B payment acceptance solutions as more and more of this spend shifts towards digital channels. Our B2B bookings in merchant solutions have more than doubled since the fourth quarter of 2022 and we expect this momentum to continue as we further align EVO with our existing capabilities and pursue our B2B software-centric go-to-market strategy. Finally, we provide employer solutions, including our pay card, earned wage access, and expense management offerings in issuer solutions, and our human capital management and payroll solutions in our merchant business. This quarter, our pay card business signed new partnerships with Creative Mobile Technologies, a large taxi company with a significant presence in the top metropolitan cities in the U.S., and with Acara Solutions, a staffing solutions provider in the senior living vertical. Our EWA business achieved a new partnership with Bravo Foods, a large QSR franchisee in the United States. Our software-driven human capital management and payroll solutions business delivered high teens adjusted net revenue growth and mid teens new sales growth for the second quarter.  We are pursuing a very similar strategy in B2B as we have in merchant solutions over the past several years. We lead with software to differentiate our capabilities and provide the vertical fluency clients demand. We integrate our payment solutions into our software to monetize payment flows, and we deliver value-added services that enrich our relationships with our clients, driving further efficiencies in their businesses while increasing our average revenue per customer. With the breadth of capabilities we have and a focused technology-enabled strategy, we could not be better positioned to capture share and accelerate growth in B2B over the long term. With that, I will turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Whipple: Thanks Cameron. We are pleased with our outstanding financial performance in the second quarter, which exceeded our expectations despite what continues to be an uncertain macroeconomic environment. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.2 billion, an increase of 7% from the same period in the prior year. Excluding the impact of dispositions, adjusted net revenue increased 15%.  Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 100 basis points to 44.8%, highlighting strong and consistent execution across our businesses. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.62, an increase of 11% compared to the same period in 2022, or 15% excluding the impact of dispositions.  Taking a closer look at performance by segment, merchant solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.68 billion for the second quarter, a 17% improvement from the prior year or over 9% growth excluding the impact of EVO and dispositions. As Cameron highlighted, this performance was led by the ongoing strength of our technology-enabled businesses, which grew double digits this quarter, while we also benefited from consistent low double digit growth in our factor growth markets, including Spain, central Europe, and Asia Pacific. This was partially offset by macro softness in limited geographies, including the U.K. where rising interest rates and the high inflation levels are negatively impacting consumer spending, and in Canada where GDP growth has slowed and is expected to have turned negative in the month of June. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 48.5% in the segment, which was ahead of our expectations. This represented a decline of 170 basis points due to the acquisition of EVO; however, excluding the impact of EVO and dispositions, adjusted operating margin increased 50 basis points.  Our issuer solutions business produced adjusted net revenue of $505 million, reflecting 5% constant currency growth consistent with our long term targets. The core issuer business also grew mid single digits on a constant currency basis this quarter, driven by strength in volume-based revenue. As Cameron highlighted, traditional accounts on file increased by approximately $10 million sequentially as we continue to see healthy account growth with our larger consumer portfolio customers and benefit from the ongoing execution of our conversion pipeline.  Transactions again grew double digits compared to the second quarter of 2022, led by commercial card transactions which increased 17%. This was partially offset, as expected, by slower growth in managed services as we continued to pivot our issuer business to more technology enablement and less lower margin outsourced call center business. Finally, we delivered adjusted operating margin of 46.7%, an increase of 300 basis points from the prior year, fueled by our top line growth and our continuing focus on driving efficiencies in the business. From a cash flow standpoint, we produced adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of $543 million, which is an approximately 80% conversion rate of adjusted net income to free cash flow. We continue to target converting roughly 100% of adjusted earnings to adjusted free cash flow for the full year, excluding roughly a five point impact of the timing change to recognizing research and development tax credits. For the year, we expect our free cash flow to follow a similar trajectory to 2022 as we benefit from seasonality and a higher conversion rate in the second half of the year. We invested $169 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and continue to expect capital investment to be approximately $630 million in 2023, consistent with our prior outlook. This quarter, we also repurchased approximately 2 million of our shares for roughly $200 million.  During the quarter, we reduced outstanding debt by approximately $650 million. Our balance sheet remains healthy. We have over $2.5 billion of available liquidity and our leverage position is roughly 3.7 times currently, a reduction from the peak levels we realized upon closing of the EVO transaction. We remain on track to return to a leverage level consistent with our longer term targets in the low 3s by the end of 2023 while maintaining existing investment-grade ratings.  As we highlighted last quarter, in January we established a $2 billion commercial paper program which is supported by our revolving credit agreement and allows us to further optimize our capital structure and reduce our overall cost of borrowing. At the end of the second quarter, we had $1.8 billion of commercial paper outstanding, up from $1 billion at the end of March, highlighting the attractiveness and credit quality of Global Payments. Our total indebtedness is approximately 85% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.9%. We are pleased with how our business is positioned following our first half performance, and we are raising our financial outlook for the year. We now expect reported adjusted net revenue to range from $8.660 billion to $8.735 billion, reflecting growth of 7% to 8% over 2022. This represents an increase of $25 million at the low end of the range. We continue to expect foreign currency rates to be roughly neutral for the full year. Moving to margins, we continue to forecast annual adjusted operating margin to expand by up to 120 basis points for 2023. As a reminder, this is above our cycle guidance for margin expansion of 50 to 75 basis points annually, driven by benefits to our business mix from our ongoing shift towards technology enablement and the divestiture of NetSpend, partially offset by the lower margin profile of EVO prior to full synergy realization. To provide color at the segment level, we now anticipate our merchant segment to report adjusted net revenue growth of approximately 16% for the full year. This is an increase from our prior outlook of 15% to 16%. We expect a modest decline in reported adjusted operating margin for the merchant business this year driven by the absorption of EVO Payments with its lower margin profile, consistent with our prior guidance. Specifically, we are forecasting margin contraction in the third quarter that will be followed by slight margin expansion in the fourth quarter as synergies ramp.  Regarding the EVO integration, we have made substantial progress including the successful completion of our first 100 day plan and remain enthusiastic about the synergy opportunities available. Specifically, we are on track to realize the approximately $35 million in cost synergies this year that we outlined previously, driven primarily by the elimination of public company costs, facility rationalization, and the harmonization of duplicative vendor contracts. Further, I am pleased to report that we have also executable plans to achieve the run rate expense synergy target of at least $125 million within two years that we committed to at the time of the announcement. As always, we remain focused on sizing expense synergy expectations with an eye towards ensuring that we maintain momentum in the combined business and that its well positioned to continue to grow and expand in the future. Additionally, as we discussed last quarter, although revenue synergies have a longer tail, we continue to believe we can add at least a point or two of growth on top of EVOs existing run rate revenue base, or approximately $10 million to $15 million of revenue synergies from the business.  Moving to issuer solutions, we continue to expect to deliver adjusted net revenue growth in the 5% to 6% range for the full year compared to 2022. This outlook reflects core issuer growth of roughly 5% while we expect MineralTree and NetSpends B2B businesses to grow low double digits. We anticipate adjusted operating margin for the issuer business to expand by up to 60 basis points, consistent with our prior outlook, as we benefit from the natural operating leverage in the business. Turning to a couple of non-operating items, we expect net interest expense to be roughly $550 million and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 19.5%, consistent with our prior guidance. For modeling purposes, we continue to assume excess cash is used to pay down indebtedness in the second half of 2023. Putting it all together, we now expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in a range of $10.35 to $10.44, reflecting growth of 11% to 12% over 2022. Excluding dispositions, adjusted earnings per share growth is expected to be 16% to 17% for 2023.  Our second quarter results represent roughly a $0.03 adjusted earnings per share beat relative to our internal forecast. Our raised guidance for calendar 2023 essentially rolls the beat at the low end of the guidance range for the year, given the ongoing uncertainties in the macroeconomic environment globally.  Similar to what youve heard from others, in July we saw stability in our performance compared to our second quarter results. While our base case outlook today resumes spending trends and a macroeconomic backdrop relatively consistent with the current environment, our guidance range accommodates the potential for a moderation in spending and overall macroeconomic environment over the remainder of the year. With that, Ill turn the call back over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Josh. Ive been at Global Payments for nearly a decade, and I am more enthusiastic now than I ever have been about the opportunities in front of us. We have a compelling technology-enabled strategy, a world-class team, great partners and clients, and a global presence with diverse distribution capabilities. As I step into the CEO role, I am highly focused on several priorities for our business and customers. First is continuing to pursue the key pillars of the strategy we set forth in detail at our investor conference in September 2021, while sharpening our focus on the most attractive opportunities we see in these areas and amplifying our investment on the most impactful of these initiatives. This is the right strategy for our business and one that positions us well for continued growth and value creation. Second is continuing to make it as easy as possible to do business with Global Payments while providing more commerce-enablement solutions that deepen our relationships with our customers. This starts with our ongoing focus on meeting our clients and customers how and where they want to be met with innovative and distinctive solutions that integrate seamlessly, and of course we need to continue to couple this with exceptional service to ensure that we delight our customers with every interaction, leveraging our scale that many competitors simply cannot match.  Third is to maintain our relentless focus on execution, which has been one of the hallmarks of Global Payments and a key component of our ability to produce consistent results through market cycles. We have good competitors in our markets, and I strongly believe the consistency of execution separates one from another. Global Payments will set the standard for execution in our space.  Last and certainly not least, I am focused on ensuring Global Payments culture is second to none. Our culture dictates how we accomplish our goals and achieve results as an organization. It is the connective tissue that makes the organization operate effectively. Having a world-class culture will further differentiate us from our competitors, drive value creation and benefit all of our constituents.  I am delighted to be taking over Global Payments now that we have simplified our business and clarified our strategy going forward. With a sharpened focus, relentless execution and disciplined investment, I am confident our exceptional team will drive sustainable growth and performance. We look forward to sharing more as we continue on our journey. The future is indeed very bright at Global Payments.  Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks Cameron. Before we begin our question and answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting our question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
James Faucette: Great, thank you very much, and thanks for all the details today. I just wanted to first understand a little bit the change in commentary, or the way youre describing your outlook around guidance, and in particular the macro environment. Are you assuming any incremental impact or are you seeing anything there that causes you to be a little bit more cautious, or can you just talk through why you decided to temper at least your macro commentary?
Cameron Bready: Yes James, this is Cameron. Good morning. I would say a couple things, and I think some of this was covered in Joshs prepared remarks. First and foremost, July trends are tracking very consistent with what were seeing in--or what we saw, excuse me, in Q2, so I think our outlook for the balance of the year reflects a relatively stable macro environment - thats our base case sitting here today.  I think the point were trying to emphasize, and some of this, quite frankly, is based on commentary we heard on the heels of Q1, is the range of outcomes that were reflecting in our guide will accommodate at the lower end some softening of the macro environment and some softening of consumer spend, should we see that. Thats not our base case today, but if things do soften in the back half of the year relative to where we are today, I think the guidance range that we propose today, even with the increase at the low end on both revenue and EPS, would still accommodate some modest slowdown in economic activity in the back half of the year, but thats not our base case.  Were expecting, and I think youve heard similar themes from others who have reported already, a relatively stable macro backdrop in the back half of the year, consistent with what we saw in Q2 and what we obviously saw in July as well.
Josh Whipple: I would just add to that, James, I think if you think back to our quarterly color that we gave you on our February earnings call, Id say that were still on track, as Cameron mentioned, and were still trending from a cadence perspective to go ahead and deliver those second half estimates in Q3 and Q4, which if you remember, it was revenue growth in the 8% to 9% range, margin expansion 100 basis points, and EPS growth of 9% to 10%, which gets you to kind of the full year guide of revenue growth of 7% to 8% and then margin expansion of up to 120 basis points and EPS growth of 11% to 12%. 
James Faucette: Thanks for that - pretty compelling algorithm, for sure. I wanted to ask a follow-up around pricing. Some of your peers have moved pricing recently, basically to reflect more of the value that theyre delivering. Where do you see your opportunities around pricing and the value youre providing, and how should we think about that on a go-forward basis, especially if the macro remains relatively stable?
Cameron Bready: Yes James, its Cameron. I think my perspective on that is really weve tried to be consistent over a relatively long period of time in pricing our solutions and services in a way that we think reflects the value that were delivering to our customers. Our philosophy around pricing, I think has been by and large more consistent over a longer period of time, perhaps, than relative to some of our peers. I think what we are seeing certainly in the market environment over the last certainly six to 12 months is some of our competitors obviously being a little more aggressive on taking price. With the inflationary environment were operating in, and obviously I think more pressure on revenue and producing profitability for some of the smaller fintech players, we have seen more pricing action, by and large, I think across the industry, which to me just creates, I think, a more constructive competitive environment in which were operating, and its probably more constructive than it has been in a few years. That gives me, I think, a lot of optimism and confidence about where were going as a business, and I think the pricing philosophies weve continued to utilize over a long period of time have served us well in terms of ensuring that were getting paid fairly for what were delivering to our clients, and we expect to continue to proceed with that as we move forward in time. Wouldnt expect any material deviation from that, but obviously if the macro softens, we probably do have levers in our--more arrows in our quiver as it relates to continuing to optimize price in a way that would provide a little bit of tailwind for the business as well.
James Faucette: Great, thank you very much for that, Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks James.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thanks very much for taking my questions this morning. Could you comment on the drivers of the really healthy margin expansion in issuers? I think you mentioned [indiscernible]. Could you drill a little deeper in terms of how youre getting [indiscernible]?
Cameron Bready: Ramsey, you were breaking up a little bit, but I think your question relates to issuer margin expansion and what the drivers are associated with that?
Ramsey El-Assal: Thats exactly right, sorry about that. Yes.
Cameron Bready: Yes, no worries. Ill let Josh chime in on that.
Josh Whipple: Yes, look - Ramsey, if you think back in Q1 and Q2, we saw really great margin expansion in the business, our issuer business. We saw 300 basis points of margin expansion here in Q2, and thats really driven from our shift to more technology-enablement and really strong expense management. I think for the rest of the year, we would expect the growth to moderate as we expect margins to be in the high 46% range that we reported in Q2 as the comparison gets tougher and we lap the strong expansion that we realized in the second half of 2022. 
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it, okay. A follow-up question from me is basically wanted to ask you if you could [indiscernible] some topics around resiliency [indiscernible]. Discretionary versus non-discretionary mix [indiscernible] size of merchants youre going after [indiscernible] you were describing your vertical markets business, you were talking about signing some [indiscernible]. Im just curious in terms of how youre thinking about the size of customers youre servicing [indiscernible] discretionary versus non-discretionary [indiscernible].
Cameron Bready: Ramsey, Im sorry but we cant hear you. I suggest that you maybe hop out of the queue and hop back in, because unfortunately we cant really pick up anything that youre saying. 
Operator: Thank you. Well move onto our next question, which is coming from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys, nice results here. I just wanted to start on merchant. Can you tell us what organic merchant volume growth was in the second quarter, and then just comment on your organic revenue growth expectations in merchant for Q3 and Q4? Do you think it will be closer to 9 again, or could it tick up to 10? Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yes Jason, good morning, its Cameron. Organic volume growth in the second quarter was roughly 9%, so EVO contributed roughly 11%, they contribute roughly 10-ish, 10.5% on top line revenue, and they contributed roughly 11% on volume, just in aggregate to the metrics for the quarter, so organic was around 9%. That includes a little bit of a headwind from fuel - I think youve heard other people talk about that, but in our portfolio, its a portion of our volume. Its not a dramatic portion of the volume, but we did see a little bit of a headwind from that. So again, consistent with what I generally like to see, which is volume--organic volume growth and organic revenue growth generally tracking at a similar pace, which is obviously something were striving for in the business.  I would say the outlook in the back half around merchant organic will remain in that 9% to 10% range. We are not changing our outlook, and I have a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver on that 9% to 10%. We were north of 9% this quarter - to be very specific, we were around 9.25%. I think we have a few initiatives, kind of in the back half of the year, that give me confidence that certainly 9% is the low end of what our expectation would be around the merchant business, and there may be some potential for it to drift up closer to the 10%, but were sticking with the 9% to 10% for the time being.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, understood. I know you spent some time on B2B as well, and just as we think about further de-levering here and the opportunity to re-engage with M&A again moving into 2024, do you expect B2B to be on that high priority list as it relates to potential M&A activity? I mean, it seems like youve been seeing good success with MineralTree - I think you said there were record bookings there in the quarter, so would just love to hear your forward-looking thoughts on that topic.
Cameron Bready: Yes, thanks Jason. I would say absolutely B2B is in the mix as it relates to how we think about M&A in the future. Generally, just philosophically, obviously I want to use M&A as a lever to support all the pillars of our strategy. I think our primary focus is finding opportunities that we think really augment what it is were trying to accomplish across the different pillars of the strategy, and of course B2B is an important element of that. I do feel like sitting here today, were getting ourselves in a position where we have a more refined, more clear cut approach to how we want to pursue the B2B opportunities. I provided some commentary today in my prepared remarks about how we segment the B2B market, where we expect to play in B2B, and where we want to focus our efforts and attention in what is a large, diverse and, quite frankly, B2B means different things to different people, so. I thought its important to segment the market to provide clarity as to where were going to place our bets from a B2B perspective, and certainly I think M&A can help build out our tool kit to make us successful and position us for success, to be able to win across those three segments of what we think of as a broader B2B opportunity. But also, obviously I think M&A is a lever that we can utilize as we continue to pursue our software strategy in our merchant business, continue to find exposure to faster growth markets which creates, as I mentioned in my comments, some good secular tailwinds for the business, and obviously its a scale business, so continuing to look at opportunities to help augment scale and what it is were trying to accomplish is compelling as well.  As we get to the back half of the year and we get leverage back to our targeted ratio, certainly M&A comes back into focus for us, and its something that we expect to pursue in a disciplined fashion going forward. But Ill just comment to close to say obviously thats all got to be weighed against what the alternative uses of our capital is, and we need to make sure that the investments were making from an M&A standpoint are attractive from a return perspective relative to what else we could do with that capital.
Jason Kupferberg: Good stuff. Thanks Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Darrin Peller: Guys, thanks. First of all, its nice to see the volume growth very similar to the revenue growth rate, which I guess does, to your point, give opportunity. I guess on that note, just that volume growth rate, 9% organic or even pro forma--or, Im sorry, reported 20%, clearly the 9% is better than were seeing across the industry right now, so Cameron, maybe just re-highlight what the strengths are youre seeing thats providing that stability. I think youre the about the only company weve seen stable volume transact quarter versus last quarter on a year-over-year basis, so what you think is the driving force of that relative to the industry, and it sounds like youre seeing sustainability into July, so maybe just reiterate the points of strength that youre seeing thats driving that versus the market overall. 
Cameron Bready: Yes Darrin, its Cameron. Ill go ahead and start. Look, I think the biggest strength we have in our portfolio is diversity of vertical market exposure. I think that has benefited us pretty meaningfully as we think about how were positioned from a volume perspective and why weve seen the strength in performance that weve seen for the business overall. Thats the first one I would make. The second point is we did decel a little bit relative to Q1, not dramatic and probably not as much as we saw with the networks and others, and I think part of the reason for that is were not that exposed to travel. I think the travel comps are difficult comps, and I think having to grow over those for others has been a bit of a headwind, and since we didnt really benefit on the upside, which quite frankly we were asked why we werent quite growing at the same rate as Visa and MasterCard in these periods, now were not having that same headwind, although travel remains strong. The comps are tough, and obviously I think thats putting a little bit of pressure on growth rates as well for those guys. I think its a little bit of mix, its diversity of distribution, and I think its ongoing consistent execution in our portfolios. Again, that gives me confidence that not only--you know, obviously that we produced strong results for the quarter, I think were well poised to continue to deliver on the expectations we have for the business for the balance of the year.
Darrin Peller: Yes, thats great. Cameron, your comments on the partner channel that you provided during the beginning of the call was pretty helpful, and obviously I think it was intentional, just to get the message out about the [indiscernible]. When you think about the strategy on partners versus owned software going forward and assuming you had an incremental dollar to spend on something, what would you prefer, or is it really a balanced approach? I guess it sounds like the ISV channel is sustainable and doing well, so Im curious to hear what you--if you have a strategic preference.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I really think it depends on the vertical, Darrin, to be honest. Im somewhat ambivalent, quite frankly, as to whether we partner or whether we own. I think it largely boils down to the fundamentals of the vertical markets that were trying to target and which model do we think best positions us for success and growth and expansion in that market, and what are the opportunities available to us to either own or partner. It really is something that needs to be focused vertical by vertical and opportunity by opportunity. But as an overall strategic matter, I am somewhat ambivalent. We like owning software in certain vertical markets, but obviously the partner model has been a fantastic growth engine for this business and, I think, continues to have a lot of runway. Youre right - my focus on integrated today was very intentional, because I think its important to recognize why were different than other players in the market, why weve seen sustainable high rates of growth in that business and why were confident were going to continue to see sustainable high rates of growth in that business over a long period of time, and to try to draw a clear line of distinction between how we go about running our integrated business and how others in the market may be choosing to operate theirs. Im very bullish long term on the partner model. As I said at the outset, Im somewhat ambivalent as to whether we partner or own in a vertical market - again, its largely going to boil down to what opportunities are available and what do we think gives us the best path to growth and success in the verticals that were targeting.
Darrin Peller: Yes, thats really helpful. Thanks guys.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Darrin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Perlin: Thanks, good morning. Cameron, I just wanted to--not to belabor this point, but just staying on merchant for a moment, you called out that--you know, I think you said 40% of merchants revenues are now embedded from the software component, which obviously includes [indiscernible] services, so my question is a little bit different than hat Darrin was just asking, which is shouldnt you be able to decouple your revenue growth over time from volume growth, to the extent that that continues to grow faster? If thats the case, how do you think about the stability of the business going forward? It would seem as though youd get better visibility, not worse.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think its a fair question. I do think there will be some slight decoupling over time, but remember were not selling software just for the sake of selling software. Were selling software in payments and monetizing payment flows as were selling software. Thats why I think, notwithstanding the heavy emphasis on software, which is the right strategy for our business, there is obviously an element of that thats going to drive volume growth as we execute on the software strategy. Software takes three flavors, as I mentioned before, but its rare that were selling software into an environment now where were not selling and monetizing the payment flows around that. From my vantage point, yes, you can see some decoupling as we continue to add more value-added services to the portfolio, other things that arent directly linked to volume, but by and large as were selling software, its going to be linked to volume, and you should see relatively consistent trends as it relates to volume growth and software and, obviously, revenue growth in the business over a long period of time. But I do think it gives us, to your point, better visibility, better predictability around the business, and certainly it gives me a lot of confidence in the sustainability of the performance that we can achieve over a long period of time.
Dan Perlin: Yes, thats great. Can you just flesh out, as my follow-up--you know, you highlighted this profac model that you have, that you said is unique to Global Payments, relative to the payfac? It sounds like--I wasnt sure, are you taking on incremental compliance and underwriting risk associated with this model? It sounded like it was some sort of hybrid, so if you wouldnt mind just fleshing that out a little bit, that would be great. Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yes, sure. Its a good question, and its a model that were really proud of and were seeing a lot of traction on in the market. Not to be too cute, think about profac as all the gain and none of the pain for the ISV partner. They get all the benefits that theyre looking for as it relates to a payment facilitation model, as it relates to the boarding experience, the control that they have, the funding options on the back end, some of the spend back capabilities and virtual accounts that kind of come with a payment facilitation model, but they have none of the pain of everything that comes along with being a payment company, so think about that in the context of risk management and software to support risk management activities. Its compliance and software to support AML, PCI, audits, those types of activities in the business. Were doing the underwriting and on-boarding teams, and were utilizing our software to provide that for these customers, then they dont have to manage their own charge-back and cash accounts to support charge-backs and liabilities, etc. Then of course reporting, they dont have to invest in that capability. Theyre buying that essentially from us, leveraging our capabilities. Think of it, as I said, quite simply as all the gain that ISVs perceive come from being payment facilitation businesses, without the pain of actually being a payments company, and that model, as I said, is really resonating because its really the best of both worlds. Mot payment facilitators dont set out to become payment companies because they really desire to build all the infrastructure required to be a payments company. They want more control, they want a different on-boarding experience, and they want different back end capabilities from a settlement capability, etc., so I think its our model that really allows them to achieve that on economic terms that are advantageous for us and also beneficial for them, so its something that we think is really going to continue to grow in popularity in the market.
Dan Perlin: Thats great. I suspect that is going to be very popular. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thanks so much. Good morning to all of you. On the integrated side, I liked, Cameron, how you went through that, as Darrin said. The record sales, can you just comment on what verticals specifically are selling well, and then across the three models that you discussed, you mentioned ambivalence between partner and owned. How about across those three models from a pricing and margin standpoint, any call-outs there? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, both good questions, Tien-tsin. On the vertical side, I would say its kind of across the board. I think were seeing good strength probably skewed right now towards non-discretionary spend verticals versus discretionary spend, but were seeing just great engagement with our partners, were seeing great lead flow into the business, and were seeing very strong conversion rates of lead flow to new merchant and new mid accounts for us, and I think I commented that mid account conversion was something up 33% year-over-year in the second quarter, so very strong just overall performance, I would say slightly skewed and much of our integrated business is skewed towards consumer non-discretionary, so I think thats where were seeing obviously the strength in the overall portfolio as well.  As it relates to the different partner models that we operate, again were probably somewhat ambivalent. Were really more focused on whats the right model to meet the demands and requirements of the ISV partner, and there are plenty of situations where the right model for the ISV partner in terms of how they want to go to market and what it is theyre trying to accomplish is payment facilitation. Theres plenty of times when the right model for a partner really is direct integration, depending on, again, what it is theyre trying to accomplish, their objectives, their go-to-market strategies, etc. As I mentioned before, we think the profac model we rolled out this past quarter blends that in a way that works for some merchants but not all, so I think weve tried to structure each of those models where were somewhat economically neutral in terms of the overall net result for us, given the level of work that were doing to support a partner across those three models.  Obviously in a payment facilitation model, were not doing nearly as much work, so obviously we dont have as much cost supporting that part of the business, and certainly in a direct integration model were doing a lot more work for the partner, and the economics need to reflect that so we can maintain, obviously, the margins in the business that were trying to achieve. As long as its structured the right way with the right partner, as I said before, were somewhat ambivalent. We want to make sure that the model itself is appropriate to accomplish the objectives for the ISV partner.
Tien-tsin Huang: Yes, Im sure youre thoughtful about it and you have all your bases covered, so. Thank you. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks Tien-tsin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Will Nance: Hey guys, appreciate you taking the question. I figure Id pile on off the last question on the integrated business. I was wondering if you could maybe talk about the trends in the mix between the payfac versus the traditional integrated model that you talked about. I think one of the longer term concerns from investors is that the yield delta is large and the trend is towards payfacs, so can you maybe talk about how that has trended over the past couple of years and what the actual growth between those two channels has looked like? Then maybe when you think about the new product, where do you expect the pricing on the profac model to land relative to those two models?
Cameron Bready: Yes, its a good question. I would say in our portfolio, weve seen generally consistent growth across direct integrated and payfac over the last couple of years, say. I, for one, dont necessarily subscribe to the theory that, long term, all ISVs are going to become payfacs. Quite frankly, we have a number of ISVs in our portfolio that went the payfac route, determined its incredibly difficult to build the infrastructure to support a payments business, and have now come back towards either our profac model or even in some cases back to a just direct integrated model, abandoning the payfac approach entirely. My view long term is well have a relatively balanced portfolio across those three channels. As I said in response to Tien-tsins question, theres plenty of times when payment facilitation is the right model - Im not trying to suggest its not a good model and not an appropriate solution for some ISVs, but its not the silver bullet thats going to work for every ISV, so I expect to continue to see good growth across the three different operating models that we have within our integrated channel. I think the profac model, as I mentioned before, has a lot of merit and is resonating very nicely in the market, because as I said before, it delivers the best of both worlds, and I think the economics around that are going to be somewhat in between and also the costs that we have to support the model is somewhat in between what we have for a direct integrated partner and what we have for payfac partner. From my vantage point, again Im somewhat ambivalent across where the growth is coming from in those channels. I think weve been able to execute on payfac relationships at margins that are still attractive for our business, so I have no qualms in continuing to grow the payfac side of the business. But I think youll see good growth across profac and direct integration as well over a longer period of time.
Will Nance: Got it, thats helpful. Then maybe another number that really stuck out to me was the 20% growth in POS this quarter. I think thats another area that investors commonly cite as being very competitive and maybe being at risk from vertical-specific ISVs. Where is the growth coming from, what do you think is driving that 20%, and maybe how that trended over the past couple of years?
Cameron Bready: Yes, well let me start by saying we are a vertical specific ISV in our POS business, so we have a retail platform and we have a restaurant platform that we go to market with, with vertical fluency, with all the software you need to run a restaurant or run a retail environment at the point of sale, so that is our moat of competition in that space. Were not a horizontal solution provider competing against vertically specific ISVs, we are a vertically specific ISV that owns our own software that we deliver through the point of sale system across restaurant and retail. I think thats really why were seeing the growth that were seeing in that business. We have cloud-based software that is vertically fluent. I think our platforms are modern, theyre sleek, theyre well designed, we bring all the feature functionality that restaurants and smaller retail environments need to run their operations, and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, were rolling out our next generation version of that later this year, that we think is going to be an incremental catalyst to continue to grow and scale our point of sale business as we move forward in time. The nice thing about our point of sale business is we have multiple distribution channels now selling our point of sale platforms. Were seeing good growth - you know, 20% plus, and that number has been pretty consistent over probably the last eight quarters. As it relates to the growth were able to achieve in that business, Ill readily admit its off a relatively small base - that business today is a couple hundred million dollar revenue business, but we do think it continues to be, or will continue to be a catalyst for growth in the overall merchant business over a longer period of time.
Will Nance: Got it. Yes, it looks very strong trends. I appreciate you taking the questions today.
Cameron Bready: Absolutely, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys, good morning, and congratulations on the solid results.  I wanted to ask about the EVO acquisition at close, its first full quarter and its off to a good start; but Cameron, your comments are suggesting youre even more excited about it today. Maybe now that youve had the company under your belt for several months, can you talk about what might be exciting you even more than you anticipated?
Cameron Bready: Yes, maybe Ill start, Bryan, and Ill ask Josh to chime in with his perspectives as well. I am more excited about the opportunity, largely because as weve been able to spend more time with the individual businesses and weve been able to spend more time in the markets where EVO operates in, where were not overlapping at the time of the transaction, I think Im just much more bullish the opportunity to be able to bring Global Payments capabilities to those markets to drive incremental growth in those businesses, to leverage some of the things that EVO has done well in those markets, but really amplify that and accelerate what theyre doing with better product, better capability, and better solutions. A few examples of that are really ecomm - I think by and large, EVOs ecomm capabilities were not market leading by any stretch of the imagination. I think bringing our ecomm solutions into these markets, particularly markets like Poland and Greece, is going to be a very strong catalyst for growth in those individual markets. Point of sale opportunities are immense within their portfolio. EVO really provided by and large just payment solutions to merchants, they didnt have a lot of other product and capabilities that they could bring to bear on the markets, so bringing more point of sale software into these markets is an attractive opportunity for growth, bringing some of our data and analytic capabilities and some of our other loyalty platforms into these markets, I think are excellent opportunities to augment growth. I think by and large, the opportunity to bring Global Payments product and capability to EVO markets is greater than I envisioned at the time that we announced the transaction, going on a year ago today.  I would say secondly, the embedded opportunity around some of the multinational customers that EVO has been able to win in discrete markets and the ability to expand relationships them in other markets, I think is a nice tailwind for growth for us as well, and Im particularly excited about the ability to tap into some of those opportunities, again leveraging our UCP platform to deliver ubiquitous processing and acquiring capabilities to some of these larger customers in more markets, obviously, than EVO has been able to do historically. Then lastly, I think as we dug in further into the B2B opportunities and the software that EVO brings to bear, the relationships theyve had, I think again were more bullish the opportunity to grow and scale the B2B side of the EVO business, more on the acceptance and AR solutions side of the B2B offering by, again, aligning that with capabilities that we have inside of Global Payments. I think streamlining the go-to-market around B2B, leading with those software solutions and obviously monetizing payments as a part of that sale, I think again end of day, theres probably greater opportunities to grow and scale the B2B side of the business than I anticipated when we announced the transaction. Thats really on the revenue side. Maybe Ill let Josh chime in and just give his perspectives on the expense side as well.
Josh Whipple: Yes, thanks Cameron. Look - what I would say is after the first 100 days, and I think as I said in my prepared remarks, were trending very, very well as it relates to synergies. We expect to go ahead and realize about $35 million in cost synergies in 2023, and I would say that we have very defined executable plans in place to go ahead and achieve the $125 million that said at the outset of the transaction, and I would say by the end of 2023, well probably have 50% to two-thirds of those synergies executed on an annualized basis.  I couldnt be more delighted just with regard to the overall integration and what weve achieved in the first 100 days. It speaks volumes to the team that we have here at Global Payments, so trending right in line with where we would expect it to be at this point in time. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, and I would just conclude, Bryan, by saying its still early in the transaction. Were really only a quarter in, but weve got a pretty good track record of exceeding expectations that we set around synergies for these transactions, and sitting here today, I dont have any reason to believe this wont be another opportunity for us to do that. Obviously were sticking with our results--our expectations for now, but Ive got a lot of confidence in our team and our ability to outperform over a longer period.
Bryan Keane: Thats great. Just as a quick follow-upon the profac model, is there an advantage or competitive advantage that GPN has versus the market, or is this kind of where the markets moving and everybody will compete the same in this profac model?
Cameron Bready: Yes, look - Im certain other people are going to look to provide a similar type of model in the future. I do think one of the distinct sort of advantages we have is scale. I mean, theres not many players out there that have over a billion dollars of revenue through a partner integrated hand hold. Theres not that many players that have the scale that we can bring to bear across the operating and compliance and regulatory management and software side of integrations, that I think we can bring to that equation. I think certainly the scale that we bring and the capability we bring is clearly one differentiating factor. I think the second differentiating factor is the number and the breadth of commerce enablement and other solutions that we can bring to bear on those relationships. I think that allows us to really think about revenue share and revenue splits differently. I think it allows us to drive better economic outcomes working with partners, and I think it allows our partners to have more attractive offerings for them to compete in the markets that theyre trying to serve as well. Then lastly, I would say support - the white glove support we offer, obviously the ISV support as well as the merchant support capabilities we can bring to bear on that channel are clearly differentiators for us relative to other integrated competitors, and again I think all of those are reasons weve been able to sustain growth rates in that business while certainly others in the marketplace have not been able to achieve quite those same levels over a longer period of time.
Bryan Keane: Thanks for taking the questions. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks Bryan. With that, that concludes our Q2 earnings call this morning. I want to take a moment to thank all of you for joining us. We appreciate your interest in Global Payments, and we look forward to following up with you after the call. Have a great day, everyone. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference and webcast. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-01 11:40:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead, Winnie.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments first quarter 2023 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speaks only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental materials available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We are pleased to have delivered our best first quarter in four years. Exceeding our expectations to start 2023, despite continuing macro uncertainties. Our ongoing businesses produced adjusted net revenue growth, adjusted operating margin expansion, and adjusted earnings per share growth consistent with our cycle guidance once again. This performance reflects the wisdom of our strategies and our consistent focus on execution. We accomplished these results while also turning the page on our strategic initiatives. First, we are delighted to have closed our acquisition of EVO Payments in late March and we are already off to a strong start. Cameron will provide more details our integration efforts now underway, but let me preface his comments by saying that we remain as excited about the many opportunities we have together as we were at the time we announced the transaction nine months ago. I am delighted to officially welcome Eva's value team members to the Global Payments family. We are pleased to have also recently completed the divestitures of Netspend's Consumer Assets and our Gaming Solutions business. With the successful execution of these transactions, we are focused on managing our go forward business composition with merchant solutions representing approximately 75% of our adjusted net revenue, and issuer solutions including B2B, comprising roughly 25%. This platform provides us the ideal set, core capabilities from which to grow, for many years to come. [Our issuer merchant] [ph] posted exceptional results for the first quarter. Starting with issuer solutions, our core business again generated substantial sequential financial and operating improvement, achieving high single digit growth and marking its best quarterly performance in more than five years. It is worth highlighting that our core customer base consists of money center and systemically important financial institutions globally. We believe that we've been the beneficiary of incremental depository flows or larger institutions, combined with several significant implementations during the quarter, which we expect to provide tailwinds for some time to come. Year-over-year, consumer transaction volumes grew into the double-digits. Our commercial part business also continued to perform with transactions growing nearly 25% in the first quarter as cross-border and domestic corporate travel continued its recovery trajectory. Traditional accounts on file increased by roughly 200 million sequentially, and double-digits from the prior year to a new record due to strong conversion execution of new accounts and growth with existing customers. Our decades long strategy of aligning with market share winners continues to bear fruit. And I think it's clear at this point that the legacy versus fintech hypothesis from 2021 has now been thoroughly debunked and turned on its head. We are delighted that we successfully converted a significant portion of one of the top 10 commercial banks in the United States in early March. This win was a double competitive takeaway, early after the announcement of our merger. We also completed the conversion of the Postbank portfolio in April. And in collaboration with AWS, we successfully deployed our cloud-based data and analytics platform for a leading financial institution partner in the United States. Finally, we are pleased to have signed multi-year extensions with M&T Bank, as well as another longstanding U.S.-based FI partner during the quarter. We currently have nine letters of intent with institutions worldwide nearly all of which were achieved through a competitive RFP process. Turning to B2B, we continue to drive strong growth with both corporates and financial institutions as we leverage our virtual card, MineralTree automation and employer solution capabilities. This quarter, we achieved record supplier enrollments as middle market companies further digitized their payments. It's worth noting that MineralTree delivered normalized growth of roughly 20% for the period and we continue expect near 30% growth for this business in calendar 2023. We are proud of the resiliency of our merchant business, which delivered double-digit growth, excluding dispositions and the one-week contribution from EVO. This performance was achieved despite incremental macro uncertainties driven by the banking crisis that developed in the latter part of the quarter. Stand-out for the period again include our worldwide e-commerce and omni-channel businesses, where growth accelerate into the high teens. Speaking of UCP, we are making great progress in our partnership with Spring by Citi that now spans North America, the UK, and Continental Europe.  We are currently live across 14 countries and run rating at more than 100 million transactions and over $3 billion in volume annually. And based on our pipeline with many of Citi's largest treasury and trade solutions customers, we are on-track to more than double our volume together by the end of 2023. We also continue to see strong trends in our integrated business in the U.S., which grew at a mid-teens rate with sustained rates of accelerated growth. We also produced a record quarter for new sales in this channel, demonstrating ongoing strong demand for our solutions. Additionally, vertical markets achieved double-digit growth led by School Solutions, Zego, and real estate and Xenial on quick service restaurants and stadiums. After announcing our partnership with the Brave last quarter, we are excited to have gone live with our Xenial cloud point-of-sale solutions on April 6, opening day for Truist Park. And we are pleased to have reached an agreement with the leading parks and entertainment company to provide both our Xenial food and beverage solutions, as well as our retail solutions at all of its theme park locations across the United States. Our pipeline remains full across our fixed service restaurant and sports and entertainment businesses. Stay tuned. Outside the United States, our Asia Pacific business produced its best first quarter since 2018 as COVID-related restrictions were lifted at the end of 2022, including in Greater China. We continue to see strong trends in other faster growth geographies such as Spain and Central Europe and we are excited to enhance our scale with EVO in these markets. We also had several successful product launches during the quarter in Europe, including our point-of-sale solution in Central Europe, in our [tap-on phone solution] [ph] in the UK. These all bode well for the cross-sell opportunities with EVO. Before I turn over to Cameron, I'd like to address the announcement of my departure as CEO of Global Payments effective June 1 and the appointment of Cameron Bready, as our next CEO. I've known Cameron personally for nine years and he has held the most senior and trusted positions in our company during that time. First, as our CFO and today as our President and COO. Cameron is an outstanding leader and the right person to succeed me. I have every confidence in his and our company's continued future success and will do everything I can to ensure a smooth transition to Cameron over the coming weeks. Now is the right time for us to execute on our succession plans. We recently closed on all three of our strategic transactions and we produced our best first quarter in four years with our first beat-and-raise in 18 months. Our businesses are exceptionally healthy. We delivered on a heightened cycle guidance in 2022 and are poised to do the same in 2023, excluding of course dispositions. While challenges undoubtedly remain, we are on a path to return to normalcy as I suggested and hope for work, on our February call. When we arrived at Global Payments 13 years ago, we have many strengths, but we lack direct distribution, scale and e-commerce, a B2B strategy and we have much legacy technology debt to repay. Now, roughly 10 years after I became CEO, we have distinctive software assets owned and partnered, a market-leading e-com and omni-channel presence, enhanced exposure to faster growth markets and sizable B2B assets. We couple distinctive distribution with a solid technology footprint and unique multi-year collaborations with both AWS and Google. Finally and importantly, over the last 9.5 years since we've been running the company, GPN stock has compounded at nearly 16.5% annually, 650 basis points in excess of the S&P 500 index and 300 basis points in excess of our peers, despite all the turmoil over the last three years. Simply put, we've accomplished our goals. I'll now turn the call to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Jeff, and good morning. Let me start by acknowledging what an honor and privilege it is for me to be named the next CEO of Global Payments. I'm grateful for the Board's confidence in me leading the company going forward and I look forward to working with all of you in this capacity, continuing what has been a long history of outstanding leadership at Global Payments. On behalf of the 27,000 team members of Global Payments, I also want to thank Jeff for his leadership as CEO over the past decade. The transformation under the business under his stewardship has been remarkable and has shaped the company into the payments technology powerhouse it is today. Further, on a more personal note, I want to express my sincere appreciation for his mentorship and friendship during my time here at Global Payments. Jeff and I worked side by side over my nine years at the company and importantly have been completely aligned on the four-pillared strategy we articulated at our investor conference roughly 18 months ago. We remain committed to this strategy as we endeavor to build the leading technology-enabled software-driven payments business worldwide. Having now closed the acquisition of EVO and the divestitures of our Netspend consumer and Gaming Solutions businesses, we have completed our strategic pivot. I'm delighted to be taking over at a time when our business now reflects the simpler model, more geared towards our corporate customers we've been foreshadowing since August of last year. Over the next month, Jeff and I will work closely to ensure a smooth and orderly transition. I look forward to continuing the company's rich history of investing strategically to drive differentiated growth and value for our shareholders, customers, and team members, while fostering a culture that is second to none and enhancing our corporate citizenship in the communities in which we live and work around the globe. With that, I would like to echo Jeffs remarks welcoming EVO team members to Global Payments. While we are still in the early days, we have made substantial progress on our integration and remain enthusiastic about the synergy opportunities available. Since announcing the transaction in August, we have an ample time to formulate integration plans and prepare for day 1, allowing us to truly hit the ground running. We have established a robust leadership and governance structure as we do with all of our acquisitions, which has resulted in a smooth transition and enabled us to implement early actions that align with our targets. I'm pleased to report that we currently have executable plans to achieve the run rate EBITDA synergy target of at least $125 million within two years that we committed to at the time of the announcement. The substantial expense synergy opportunities are expected come primarily from aligning our business operations and go to market strategies, streamlining technology infrastructure, eliminating duplicative corporate and operational support structures, and realizing scale efficiencies. As all ways, we remain focused on sizing expense synergy expectations with an eye towards ensuring that we maintain momentum in the combined business and that it is well-positioned to continue to grow and expand in the future. And regarding the potential revenue enhancements, I will start by reiterating that as one company, we are uniquely positioned to deliver an unmatched suite of distinctive software and payment solutions to our combined customer base globally. More specifically, I would highlight three broad categories that we believe provide us with ample run rate to drive revenue synergies from acquisition. First, we see significant opportunity to bring further value to EVO's relationships by leveraging our extensive distribution platforms in product portfolio, as well as our unique partner integration capabilities. This includes our point-of-sale technologies, commerce enablement solutions, and vertical market software offerings. As one example, we are bringing our point-of-sale software to key international markets where we overlap with EVO, including the UK, Spain, and Central Europe. We plan to cross-sell our point-of-sale software into EVO's customer base in these geographies, as well as bring these capabilities to EVO markets where we do not overlap today, including Mexico, Ireland, Poland, and Greece. Second, we expect to capitalize on our ability to provide EVO's multinational customers, e-commerce and omni-channel solutions across markets and geographies, seamlessly blending their physical and virtual requirements. With our combined physical presence in over 40 countries globally, and the ability to transact in over 170 virtually, we can significantly expand EVO's value proposition to its existing customers. We have already initiated discussion with some of EVO's largest MNC clients to explore opportunities to support them in additional markets around the world. Third, EVA's accounts receivable automation software and B2B payment solutions augments our existing accounts payable automation and other capabilities, grounding out our full suite of B2B offerings. Together with EVO, we are well-positioned to further grow in scale our B2B portfolio, particularly on the acceptance side, which includes leveraging EVO's extensive proprietary integrations to some of the most widely used ERP environments in the marketplace through its Pay Fabric platform. We could not be more excited about the many opportunities we have together with EVO given its alignment with our overarching strategy, further reinforcing our position as the preeminent payments technology company with extensive scale and unmatched global reach. Josh?
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Cameron. We are pleased with our strong financial performance in the first quarter, which exceeded our expectations despite ongoing macro concerns, highlighting the strength and durability of our business. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.05 billion, an increase of 6.5% from the same period in the prior year on a constant currency basis. Excluding the impact of disposition, and roughly one-week of contribution from EVO, adjusted net revenue increased 9% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 200 basis points to 43.1%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.40, an increase of 18% on a constant currency basis, compared to the same period in 2022. Taking a closer look at performance by segment, merchant solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.46 billion for the first quarter with constant currency growth of 10%, excluding dispositions and the contribution from EVO. This performance was led by the ongoing strength of our technology-enabled businesses, while we benefited from the recovery in Asia Pacific as COVID restrictions eased across Greater China markets. We also saw consistent double-digit growth from our vertical market, POS, and payroll businesses. This strength was partially offset by ongoing headwinds from adverse foreign currency exchange rates. Along with macro softness in limited geographies, including the UK. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 47.3% in the segment, consistent with last year. Excluding the impact of EVOs close in March, adjusted operating margin expanded 25 basis points and was in-line with our expectations. We are pleased with the fundamental performance of our issuer solutions business in the first quarter, which produced adjusted net revenue of $490 million, reflecting growth of 7.2% on a constant currency basis. Notably, core issuer grew high-single-digits this quarter, excluding the impact of FX, which was over 300 basis point acceleration sequentially. As Jeff highlighted, traditional accounts on file increased by approximately $20 million sequentially driven by strong account growth from our major consumer portfolio customers, as well as several portfolio conversions we successfully completed during the period. Transactions also grew double-digits, compared to the first quarter of 2022 with strong contributions coming from both commercial and consumer card transactions. Finally, we delivered adjusted operating margins of 43.9%, an increase of 80 basis points from the prior year fueled by our accelerated growth. As for adjusted free cash flow, consistent with the prior period, we converted approximately 80% of adjusted earnings into adjusted free cash flow. We continue to target converting roughly 100% of adjusted earnings for the full-year, excluding the impact of the timing change related to the recognition of research and development tax credits. We expect our adjusted free cash flow conversion for the year to follow a similar trajectory as 2022. We invested $162 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and continue to expect capital spending to be around $630 million in 2023, consistent with our long-term targets. This quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.1 million of our shares for roughly $200 million, which was executed prior to the closing of our acquisition of EVO payments on March 24. To help fund the EVO transaction, in early March, we successfully priced an [80 million] [ph] inaugural European debt offering at a fixed rate coupon of 4.875% during 2031. With this transaction, we continue to evolve our capital structure to align with our global operations and gain access to a broader investor base and new sources of capital. Separately, in January, we established a $2 billion commercial paper program. The CP program is supported by our revolving credit agreement. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $1 billion of commercial paper outstanding. We currently have in excess of $3 billion of available liquidity. Following the aforementioned capital markets transactions and drawing on the revolver to close EVO, our total indebtedness is approximately 90% fixed with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.8%. We are also delighted to have closed both the divestiture of Netspend's consumer assets and the sale of the Gaming Solutions business in April. Following all of these transactions, our balance sheet remains healthy and our leverage position is roughly 3.8x currently. We continue to expect to return to a similar leverage level to where we ended 2022 by year-end 2023, while maintaining existing investment grade ratings. We are pleased with how our business is positioned following our first quarter performance and we are raising our financial outlook for the year. We now expect reported adjusted net revenue range from $8.635 billion to $8.735 billion, reflecting growth of 7% to 8% over 2022, an increase from 6% to 7% previously. We continue to forecast annual adjusted operating margin to expand by up to 120 basis points for 2023.  As a reminder, this is above our cycle guidance for margin expansion of 50 basis points to 75 basis points annually, driven by benefits to our business mix from our ongoing shift towards technology enablement and the divestiture of Netspend, partially offset by the lower margin profile of EVO prior to full synergy realization. [To provide] [ph] color at the segment level, we continue to anticipate our merchant segment to report adjusted net revenue growth of roughly 15% to 16% for the full-year, but now expect to be toward the higher end of that range. We continue to expect more than 100 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion from the existing Global Payments merchant business, excluding dispositions in 2023, which again is ahead of our cycle guide. We expect this expansion will be more than offset beginning in the second quarter with the absorption of the lower margin profile of EVO Payments. We anticipate this impact to be mitigated by synergy realization as the year progresses. As a result, we are forecasting margin contraction in the second and third quarters and then margin expansion in Q4 as synergies ramped for our merchant business. The net result will be a modest decline in our total merchant business reported adjusted operating margin for the year, consistent with our prior guidance. Moving to Issuer Solutions. We now expect to deliver adjusted net revenue growth in the 5% to 6% range, up from 4.5% to 5.5% previously for the full-year, compared to 2022. This outlook reflects our better than expected performance in the first quarter and the benefit we anticipate from our conversion pipeline. Specifically, we now expect core issuer to grow above 5% and continue to expect MineralTree and Netspend B2B businesses to grow low double-digits. We anticipate adjusted operating margin for the issuer business to expand by up to 60 basis points consistent with our prior outlook as we benefit from the natural operating leverage in the business. In terms of quarterly phasing, there are two continuing items to note. First, while we expect foreign exchange rates to be roughly neutral for the full-year, we still anticipate a currency headwind to adjusted net revenue of up to 100 basis points in the second quarter. Second, we expect the successful closing of the sale of Netspend for the end of April to add roughly $25 million of incremental revenue for the second quarter versus our prior expectation with no change to our expected earnings per share dilution impact for the year. Moving to a couple of non-operating items. We expect net interest expense to be roughly $550 million, a modest $10 million increase from our prior guide in-light of yield curve movements. And for our adjusted effective tax rate be in the range of 19% to 19.5% consistent with our prior guidance. For modeling purposes, we continue to assume excess cash is used to pay down indebtedness in 2023 until we return to our targeted leverage levels for the end of the year with minimal share repurchases until then. Putting it all together, we now expect adjusted earnings per share for the full-year to be in the range of $10.32 to $10.44, reflecting growth of 11% to 12% over 2022, up from 10% to 11%, previously. Excluding dispositions, adjusted earnings per share growth is expected to be 16% to 17% for 2023. This is consistent with our updated 2021 cycle guide, despite incremental adverse changes in the macro environment since then. Our first quarter results represent roughly $0.05 adjusted earnings per share be relative to our internal forecast. Our raised guidance for calendar 2023 essentially rolls the beat plus a couple of cents for the year in-light of the uncertainties of the current environment. Similar to what you've heard from others, we saw strength across our markets in January and February, which moderated somewhat in a number of our businesses in March. Our issuer business did not experience any discernible moderation as our large money center bank customers benefited from the regional banking crisis that developed in March. Trends in this business continue to remain resilient through April and similar to March levels of activity. Our updated outlook today presumes a worldwide macroeconomic backdrop that is consistent with the current environment throughout the remainder calendar year 2023. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Josh. I couldn't be more proud of what we've achieved as a management team together over the last near decade with more than 27,000 team members across 40 plus countries. I'm also very pleased with our long history of [managements debt] [ph] and succession planning. Cameron is only the third CEO of Global Payments in nearly a quarter century. He has my complete confidence and I look forward to working with him closely to affect a smooth transition over the coming weeks. I personally thank all our team members for what they do for us every day, as well as our millions of customers and thousands of partners and shareholders and the trust you've put in us and in me over the last 13 years. The future is bright at Global Payments. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Jeff. Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Your line is now live.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you and congratulations on the good quarter. And Jeff, happy for you. It's been a pleasure. Cameron congratulations on the promotion. Let me let me start with the merchant if you could, kind of provide a more detailed geographical walk through as you consider macro and other factors, U.S., and the Americas now includes couple of new geographies for you. Europe, including the EVO footprint, how should we think of, sort of normalized growth rate and Asia Pac recovery as well, if you could sort of unpack that for us, that would be great?
Cameron Bready: Hey, Ashwin. It's Cameron. Why don't I go ahead and start, I'll ask Jeff to chime in with any other color he'd like to provide as well. So, I think if you look at the overall backdrop for the merchant business, I think we feel pretty good about obviously our performance in the first quarter and how we're positioned for the full-year.  As evidenced by obviously a reiteration guide and an increase so to speak up to the high-end of our growth expectation for the merchant business for the full-year. Starting here at home and in the U.S., we continue to see good trends, kind of across the business. I think like others who have reported already, January and February were very strong months us. We obviously saw a little bit of a pullback in March and we see April, kind of looking similar to March right now. So, assuming a relatively consistent macro based on where we are today for the balance of the year, I think our U.S. business is really well-positioned to grow nicely over the course of the year and obviously it's the biggest component of our portfolio. So, as it goes generally the rest of the merchant business goes. So, I think we feel very good about where we are in the U.S. [We and] [ph] EVO into that conversation really by saying the B2B portfolio that EVO has today, the capabilities they bring us across acceptance with AR automation solutions integrated into the largest center ERP Solutions in the U.S. for mid-market type enterprises is a really powerful addition to the portfolio of assets we have in the U.S. And obviously there's a lot that we think we can do with that over the course of time. So, more to come on that. I think Europe is overall a good story. Obviously, a mix of various geographies there. We continue to see very strong trends in Central Europe and Spain. Obviously, two important markets for us, EVO will add to that with the addition of Poland and Greece, both of which again are strong secular markets with good long-term growth fundamentals that we're very attracted to now in through the acquisition of EVO. Obviously the UK remains soft, their GDP was effectively flat for the first quarter. Continuing a pretty consistent trend coming off the back half of last year as the implications of Brexit really take hold, as well as sky high inflation in that market. So, the UK remains a little bit of a headwind for us, but I think as we look at Europe overall, we're obviously pretty excited about the long-term prospects there. And then lastly in Asia Pacific, as Jeff highlighted in his prepared remarks, we had our best first quarter in Asia since 2018. We saw mid-to-high teens growth as we finally got re-openings across really all of the Asia Pacific markets in which we operate. We're starting to see more intra-Asia cross-border activity, which is good for our business yet to see meaningful, sort of inter-Asia cross-border, but obviously that's the next leg of the stool as Asia fully reopens and we get back to full normality in that market. So, I think as we step back and look at the merchant business, we accelerated a point sequentially versus the fourth quarter from a top line growth matter before factoring in. Obviously the addition of EVO for roughly one week of the quarter. So feel very good about the trends kind of coming off of the quarter and remain very poised, I think for the balance of the year to achieve the guidance  the updated guidance that we provided this morning.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: That's very useful. Thank you very much. And then sticking with merchant, the adjusted rev growth was greater than volume growth, I think, probably for the first time in a couple of years. What's driving that? Is that value-add services? Is there, sort of different business model with, like, more subscription revenue or something like that or do you expect that to sustain?
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's really mix, Ashwin more than anything else. Our vertical market businesses, which are predominantly software driven had a strong quarter, which obviously contributes a little bit more to the top line then it does to the volume related metrics. But you're talking a few tens of basis points difference between the two, one rounded up, one rounded down. That's kind of the difference. So, I wouldn't put too much weight to the 11 versus the 10. It's going to fluctuate sometimes it will be on top of each other, sometimes volume may be a little bit better, sometimes revenue growth may be a little bit better. I think what we step back and look at fundamentally is, are those two moving in correlation to each other and is that gap relatively minimal, 10 to 11 is very tight versus others in the marketplace. So, I think fundamentally looking at the underlying volume growth of the business, we're very happy with how things are trending and obviously the revenue demonstrates that as well. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. Congratulations again. Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Your line is now live.
Darrin Peller: Hey, guys. Thanks. First of all, Jeff and Cameron, congrats to both of you on the transition. Jeff, if it's possible to give us a sense of where you  you know the timing and why now and maybe a little more in your thought process of what's to come for you, as well as what you're most excited about when you look at GPN going forward? Just curious if you can give a little more color on the change.
Jeff Sloan: Darren, it's Jeff. Thanks for saying that. Let me just start by saying Cameron and I have worked close together for nine years and probably in his judgment, it's nine years too late. Probably where I start, but look, I would say, as we said in the press release and our prepared remarks that look, we just posted the best first quarter since 2019. We talked about in February hoping that we were in an environment of normalcy. I think we're there today. We've got our first real beat-and-raise in 18 months. And then really importantly, Darrin, we've said publicly for 12 months that we're focused on closing EVO, closing Netspend, closing the sale on Gaming Solutions, but not surprising you, those probably started like 18 months ago, right. And it's like the last 12 months to 14 months that really kind of ramped up.  So, just sticking for me, I mean, Board and I agreed that I think with these important strategic transactions behind us, I just would thank Cameron for putting up with me for all this period of time, until we got these things done. And then I'd also say, it's important. I talked about the return to normalcy, but I want to make sure we have a stable macroeconomic environment and really this is the first period since probably 2019 that we've had, do any kind of real stability, normalcy our businesses are operating at very good levels. So, I think the timing is right and I'll quite really be sitting on a beach that [indiscernible]. Darrin, if youre ever in [South part] [ph], just come visit me.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, Jeff. Well, congrats again. I guess my quick follow-up would just be on thinking about pricing in the industry, we've now seen  I know you talked a lot, Cameron, you just talked a little more about value-added services and mix and it being pretty tight, but we see now between Pfizer and just across the industry, these as well showing pricing changes. And so after having seen quite a bit of cost inflation for a couple of years, we would think there could be some opportunity on the price front. Any comment on that or any thoughts?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darren. I think our perspective around pricing really hasn't changed and the philosophy that we have has been pretty consistent for many years now. We try to price our services to reflect the level of value and capability that we're bringing to the market, which we do think in many ways is differentiated from our competitors.  Think we were very hard to try to optimize our pricing and have for again the past several years to make sure that were constantly looking at, sort of the price points and how we're packaging a variety of different value-added services and capabilities we can bring along with obviously the pure payment acceptance solutions that we offer to the marketplace. So, our perspective is look, I think overall more people are being, I'd say, on the more aggressive side, perhaps for lack of a better term with their pricing strategies more recently. I think that bodes well as it relates to the competitive landscape and particularly how we try to position our business over a long period of time. So, nothing unusual coming from us as a pricing matter. I would say, it's more of the same, looking at portfolio optimization and pricing strategies again to try to reflect the value and service that we bring to the customer, but obviously in the backdrop with other people doing that makes it a little bit easier for those to stick. It is probably the point I would make into that.
Darrin Peller: Great. Nice job on the quarter guys. Congrats again. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin.
Cameron Bready : Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much and want to add my congratulations to both, you, Jeff and Cameron. Wanted to follow-up on Darrin's question there about timing and maybe Cameron with a few key things now accomplished and closed, how are you thinking about strategically next steps, especially given you're still in very good capital position and is it still time to keep looking at doing other acquisitions or does your prioritization change to integration and incorporating everything that  the recent acquisitions, including EVO Payments brings?
Cameron Bready: Yes, James. Great question. So, I would say first and foremost, Jeff and I have pretty much been locked at the [head] [ph] for the last nine years. So, you shouldn't expect a radical deviation in strategy. And quite the contrary, you should expect a continued focus on the four-pillar strategy we articulated 18 months ago at our investor conference. I'm very much 100% behind that strategy. Jeff and I worked closely to kind of build that strategy together over many years, and I absolutely think it's the right strategy for us as a business matter going forward. So, my highest priority will continue to be to execute against that strategy as we move forward. I think from a capital allocation perspective and priority perspective, as Josh highlighted in his prepared remarks, we're very focused on getting back to our targeted leverage ratio by the end of this year, that is a priority of the capital allocation matter, as well as make sure that we integrate EVO effectively over that same period of time. We have a saying here that we like to do the things we've already committed to well before we try to take on the next thing. So, I think as it relates to the next, call it, nine months, our focus is clearly going to be on getting leverage back to the targeted level, integrating EVO effectively, making sure that that's off to a good start. And then as a go-forward matter, I think our capital allocation priorities will remain relatively unchanged. We're going to continue to try to strike the right balance between obviously investing to grow the business.  Our priority is finding ways to invest in the business to grow and expand our footprint to support the various pillars of the strategy that we're pursuing and find ways to augment that through inorganic activities, as well as organic investment in the business. And absent meaningful opportunities to do that in a way that drives value and returns for our shareholders, we'll look to return capital as we have over a long period of time. So, I don't think the overall philosophy or approach to capital allocation is going to change dramatically. I think it's going to be more of the same, and I think more of the same will be very good for our shareholders over a long period of time.
James Faucette: Got it. Got it. And then just revisiting a little bit the outlook is that when you came into the year, your planning assumption had been really no slowdown or economic recession. We've seen a little bit of a slowdown in consumer spending, as you mentioned, in late March and through April. And it seemed like at least some of the qualitative commentary was a little more cautious [really or] [ph] through the year in-spite of the guidance increase. How are you thinking about the macro conditions now versus three months ago? And has there been much change there? Thanks.
Josh Whipple: Yes. So, I'll go ahead and take that. So, as we thought about the guide, the outlook assumes the macro backdrop, as I said in my prepared remarks, is consistent with the current environment. And really, there's really two primary changes to the guide. What I would say is, the first change is the outperformance that we saw in Q1, which was approximately 40 million from a revenue perspective and EPS was about $0.05 or $0.06 better relative to our internal forecast. And then secondly, it's the $25 million that we expect to or that we received from Netspend in the month of April. Other than that, nothing has really changed relative to our guide that we went through on the February call and laid out specifically  very specifically by quarters.
Jeff Sloan: James, just to add some color to the math that Josh went through. We're looking at current volumes and transactions in April. So that already reflects, to your point, and I think Josh said this in his prepared remarks, what you've heard from Visa and Mastercard and some of the other folks. So, I think that incorporates the current environment. Yet despite that, we've been able to raise our outlook a little bit better than the beat internally, as Josh described. So, we're very comfortable with where we are. And as I mentioned a minute ago, too, in my prepared remarks, particularly in the issuer business, we're the beneficiaries of the tailwinds coming from some of the consolidation from regional banks into the money center and SIFIs. [Indiscernible] JPM announcement today with First Republic, I would just say that our issuer business, in particular, hasn't seen any discernable moderation. Obviously, we pointed to acceleration today in our outlook, and that very much reflects [current] [ph] events. As I mentioned a minute ago, our trends through April sitting here today from a KPI point of [indiscernible] are very strong, right? And that's before some of the more recent consolidation. So, it may not be great for the broader macroeconomic environment, but certainly, the trend toward larger FIs globally is nothing but good news for our issuer business.
James Faucette: Thats great. Thanks for all the detail.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning. Congrats to everybody. And just wanted to ask about kind of quarterly revenue and margin cadence for the last three quarters of the year. I know last quarter you laid out a pretty detailed outlook by quarter. And just wanted to see if there's any little tweaks there so that we get the quarterly modeling right. For example, I think in merchant, we had talked about organic, kind of being in that 9% to 10% range pretty consistent each quarter, but if you can just go through some of those quarterly pieces, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Josh Whipple: Yes, absolutely. Look, what I would say is, February, we gave you very specific quarterly growth rates on revenue and earnings per share. And I would say, Q2 through Q4, nothing has really changed. So, if you go back to the earnings presentation that we put out there, we said adjusted net revenue reported 5% to 6% Q2, 8% to 9% in Q3. And four, we did obviously raise  we did raise the overall outlook to 7% to 8% based on the performance that we saw in Q1 and which I just outlined. And then from a margin perspective, look, we saw a really good margin expansion in Q1 of 200 basis points, exactly what we said we would do. And from Q2 through Q4, we expect 100 basis points margin expansion, which we laid out on the February call. And then from an EPS perspective, again, we're right in that 9% to 10% range for Q2 through Q4, which we outlined in February. So again, nothing has changed as it relates to Q2 through Q4 relative to what we discussed on the February call.
Jason Kupferberg: Good to hear. Okay. And just as a follow-up. In merchant, I think in the past, you guys have talked about the portfolio, at least on the acquiring side, putting software on the side, roughly half discretionary, half more non-discretionary spending. Is that still the right breakdown post EVO closing? And if you can just talk about what you're seeing in terms of relative growth rates between the discretionary and the non-discretionary spending volumes in merchant?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Jason, it's Cameron, I'll jump in there. I would say that overall split holds roughly pretty well post-EVO. Obviously, I don't think at this stage we've kind of aggregated all the different geographies around the globe in terms of what the volume mix is across every single vertical that they have exposure to, but given the size of EVO relative to our existing merchant footprint globally, it's not going to move the needle a great deal one way or the other even if their split is slightly different. I would say, and I'll use the U.S. as kind of example, you sort of saw the trend around retail sales in the U.S., which is really food and kind of retail more broadly. In the first quarter, January was very strong and February slowed down relative to January. And March, kind of slowed down relative to February, but I would say, overall, from a spending perspective, we continue to see spending skewed towards more services in experiences and less, sort of retail goods and food to some degree. So, a little better trends in the non-discretionary categories that we are heavy in, particularly as it relates to services, health care, et cetera, and a little lighter trends in the traditional, kind of retail, food and beverage, et cetera. But overall, the portfolios, I think, came together pretty well. I don't think the trends we're seeing in our business are any different than what you heard from Visa and MasterCard as it relates to March and April activity, more broadly, which we've talked about already. But I like, obviously, the diversification we have across nearly 70 different vertical markets. I like the split and sort of weightings that we have across discretionary, non-discretionary categories. So, I think we're well-positioned, obviously, for the macro environment as it continues to evolve through the balance of the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Appreciate the thoughts.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, there. Thanks so much for taking my question. I will add my congratulations as well to both of you. I wanted to ask if you could provide a little bit more commentary on the timing of the revenue synergies with EVO. When do those start flowing in? Is there any work that needs to be done in order to unlock those and how long might that take?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ramsey, it's a great question. I tried in my opening comments to give a little bit of color on the types of revenue synergies that we're pursuing with EVO. Naturally, all of those involve some level of investment. I wish more than anything else we could flip a switch and start distributing our products and capabilities through their distribution pipes overnight or bring some of our capabilities to markets that they operate in today that don't have them, but as you can imagine, there's a significant amount of work to stand those up, to integrate those environments into different platforms that EVO operates under to make sure that we have distribution to support, obviously, the product that we're bringing to market, et cetera.  [Indiscernible] EVO multinational customers up in new markets on different platforms takes time as well. So, there's a lot of work that goes into driving, kind of the revenue synergy potential that we see in the EVO business over a longer period of time. That's why near term, much of the emphasis we talk about as it relates to synergies is really around the expense side. That's much more actionable in the short to medium-term. We have clear line of sight to the 125 million expense synergies that we highlighted earlier today. And obviously, that drives a meaningful amount, obviously, of the accretion that we expect from the EVO deal in years one, two and three. I think revenue synergies create nice tailwinds, kind of as we get into the outer years. We certainly think we can add a point or two on top of EVO's existing kind of run rate revenue north of 600 million. So, you're talking at least 10 million to probably 15 million of revenue synergies from the EVO business once we're able to get up and running with respect to the various levels of revenue synergy activities that I talked about earlier in my prepared remarks. So, we see good potential to drive incremental revenue in that business. I think increasing their revenue growth by a point or two on top of what they're already doing is a good target for that business. And obviously, we're very confident over a period of time that we'll deliver on that, if not more, once we're able to light up all those opportunities.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Okay. And one follow-up for me. Could you give us an update on value-added services and how that part of your business is evolving? I'm just curious how important value-added services have become to things like either new sales or retention? And how like attach rates are trending?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I would say, it's an incredibly important part of our strategy, as we talked about back at our investor conference a little over a year and half ago. I think as I look at it, there's clearly an element of attracting new merchants to our portfolio by virtue of the breadth and depth of capabilities that we bring. I think there is a retention element in terms of being able to deliver more product and capability and differentiation to our customers by virtue of the value-added services we're able to offer. And I think thirdly, on the integrated side, we've seen great success in retaining partners and bringing in new partners at what I would consider to be relatively attractive referral rates largely based on the portfolio capability that we can bring to bear on their customer base. So, we offer much more than the pure payment experience that a lot of integrated providers are able to offer their customers. I think the breadth of value-added service we can bring is a differentiator in terms of working with our integrated partners, and it's been a big reason we continue to see the strength in that business that we have over the last many quarters. So, it's an increasingly important part of the value proposition that we're delivering to our customers.  It's an important part of the growth profile over a longer-term period. And again, I think we've done a very good job of utilizing the capabilities we have to drive differentiation and distinction in the market. And it's even more important as we look at markets outside of the U.S. Bringing some of the capabilities that we have in the U.S. to markets like Central Europe to the U.K., Spain, et cetera, drives even greater levels of differentiation relative to what others in those markets can offer today and they've been a significant tailwind for those businesses as well. So, long-term, it's an important part of our strategy. It's why we spent so much time talking about it at the investor conference, and it's something we're going to continue to build on as we move forward in time.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thank you so much.
Cameron Bready: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning and congratulations, of course, to both of you guys. Just thinking about the merchant margins, they were up 80 basis points, I think, last year, and they came in more flat in the quarter. Anything to call out in the quarter in particular and even before we integrate EVO just thinking about organic margin expansion opportunities in the merchant segment?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll just start at a macro level, and I'll let Josh maybe jump in if he has any additional color to add. I would say, we got to look at margin profile in Q1 ex-EVO because EVO comes in at a lower margin profile than our core business. So, in Q1, we expanded margins ex-EVO by around 25 basis points. That's pretty consistent with where we ended up in Q4. As you can imagine, mix probably impacts that more than anything else, that we've got mix movement. As the vertical market businesses continue to perform well and recover in some of those verticals relative to what they experienced during the pandemic, that tends to come in at a lower margin profile, which from a mix matter, kind of ways to the overall margin expansion we're seeing in the business. But I would say, for Q1, we delivered margin expansion for the merchant business ex-EVO exactly on top of our plans. And I'll remind you, those margins are at, sort of north of 47%. So, as we think about margin expansion in the business over a longer period of time, when we're already at margins of 47%, 48% in that business, obviously, as we look at margin expansion for the company overall, more of that will be driven through gaining better scale across our corporate functions and obviously continue to see those expenses as a percentage of revenue not grow at the same pace. And then secondly, obviously, in the issuer business that has a little more runway, I think, around margin expansion over the near to medium-term. So, merchant was exactly what we expected for the quarter. We still expect the same expectation for the full-year, as Josh articulated in his prepared remarks around merchant margins. As we bring EVO in, it comes in at a lower margin profile. As we continue to build synergies over time, we'll get back to kind of pre-EVO levels and then, of course, look to expand from there.
Josh Whipple: Yes. The only thing I would add is that as it relates to Q2 and Q3, we'll see some margin contraction, as Cameron mentioned, by bringing in EVO, which is coming in at a lower profile, and then we'll start to see some margin expansion in Q4. And then the net result of this will just be a modest decline in merchant margins for the full-year, which is, again, consistent with the guide that we outlined on the February call.
Bryan Keane: Got it. No, that's really helpful. And then just as a follow-up, just thinking about the trends in issuer. I know you guys raised the Issuer segment revenue growth for the year, but the trends, obviously, you're pointing in your favor towards the movement towards assets towards larger banks, and I think it was 9 LOIs. So, just thinking even about longer-term, are you guys feeling a little bit more positive about maybe the issuer outlook even beyond 2023 as a result of some of these trends?
Jeff Sloan: Bryan, it's Jeff. I couldn't be more positive about where we are in Issuer. I mean I think this is the fourth quarter in a row of significant sequential acceleration in the rate of growth of that business. B2B has been part of it now for probably nine months or something, and that provides another leg of growth. And I think I said last quarter added like 50 basis points or something of incremental growth relative to the Core Issuer business. So yes, I would say not in the nine RFP number or other things that are going on in terms of large financial institutions looking to select either new providers, their first time with providers. I think we're very well-positioned there. As I said on the call in February that the cloud sells, right? So, when we first started this, we weren't sure number of years ago in the receptivity. Now, you walk into a meeting and it's kind of table stakes. And I think with AWS, we're in a very strong position. So, very excited about where we are. And these are the things that I've been talking about for a year and half kind of rolling in, and I think as difficult as maybe for the broader macro economy, even today's announcement of JPM, yes, that's good news, right? So, I think the more we see toward money center and SIFI, I think the more confidence we have in the tailwinds over the next number of periods. And those aren't going to reverse themselves immediately, so I think you've got a very nice tailwind heading into the next period of time.
Bryan Keane: Okay, great. Congrats again.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Bryan.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Vasu Govil from KBW. Your line is now live.
Vasu Govil: Thank you very much and congratulations to you both, I want to add that as well. My first question is for you, Jeff. I think you mentioned MineralTree grew 20% in the quarter and you're expecting it to grow 30% for the year. So, I just wanted some color on what, sort of going to drive that acceleration. And if you could also give us more broadly an update on the cross-sell efforts you are seeing for that piece of the business into your merchant base?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, it's a great question, Vasu. So, we really couldn't be more excited about where we are in B2B. And by the way, I know you have that neural treatment. Of course, EVO has now rolled into from the end of March. So, obviously, that's an incremental tailwind to, kind of what we're doing. So look, I think the answer to your question is, there is a long and deep pipeline that we've been selling over at military for quite some time. The person running our business now, started last summer, I think it was right around July 1, so he's been very busy building that pipeline. We're seeing the benefit of that now. We're also seeing a very substantial benefit from cross-sell of virtual card, where TSYS is one of the largest virtual card providers on the planet into our core business, and that's growing at rates well north pf 20%. So, I just think, Vasu, to answer your question, it's the mathematics of selling recurring cloud SaaS business, the deeper the pipeline is, the more it rolls in. It's obviously very visible on the cross-sell and attach rate from virtual cards into the core on the software sale is very high. So, it's really just the mathematics of what we built. In terms of notables, I think we [said those] [ph], to be honest, on the February call, I think we talked about U.S. Bank, I think we talked about Citizens. Those are obviously two notable wins. And I expect over the balance of the year Cameron and Josh and team will be describing more. But we couldn't be more pleased with where that business is and its trajectory and, look, increasing the rate of growth from 20% to 30% or a 50% increase, I think, is evidence of our confidence in it.
Vasu Govil: That's great. And then just my follow-up on just the macro backdrop. I know you guys are sort of assuming that macro stays stable from here. But I think the risk of a recession is probably higher today than it was three months ago. So, just can you talk about the sensitivity in both the merchant and issuer revenue as to the extent we do see a slowdown and also cost levers that you might have? Thank you very much.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, I'll start, Vasu, and then I'll ask Josh to comment. So, let me just start by saying, kind of what we've assumed. So, we've assumed where we are today, I guess, May 1, I was going to say April, but today is May 1, so we're taking the current environment meeting today. So, to answer your question, just initially, the macro level, we're not looking back to where we were on our February 10 call, we're actually going with what the current trends are today. And I think we said as it relates to the issuer business, we obviously have the KPIs through the vast majority [of April] [ph] on there, as we said in our prepared remarks, we don't see any discernible moderation in what we're doing. So, we don't assume things get better, we don't assume things [indiscernible] where the way they were 2, 3 months ago in February, rather we're taking kind of where they are today, and obviously, our raised outlook for today reflects the current environment. Cameron, you want to comment on merchant a bit, and Josh, you, too?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Vasu, it's Cameron. I think I mentioned this before. Obviously, to Jeff's point earlier, we saw strong trends in January, February. March kind of slowed down a little bit relative to that. And April has been more of the same relative to what we saw in March. So, that's the expectation we kind of have as we look towards the balance of the year. As I said, kind of many times in the past, we don't need perfection for the balance of the year relative to our current outlook to obviously achieve the expectations that we've set forth today. So, I think we feel good about how we're positioned to deliver on the overall guide that we've shared. And obviously, that can withstand, I would say, relatively we're seeing slight deviations, I'd say, in the overall macro environment that we're anticipating for the balance of the year. If things fall off precipitously, then obviously we'll revisit it. If things obviously improve more than we anticipate, obviously, that creates some upside opportunity. So, I think we feel good about, obviously, how the business is positioned for the balance of the year. The guide, I think, today reflects that. And we're looking forward to continue to execute against that.
Vasu Govil: Great. Thank you very much.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Vasu.
Jeff Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for your interest in us and for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-10 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments fourth quarter and full year 2022 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results and the proposed transaction between Global Payments and EVO Payments. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental materials available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We delivered strong results for the fourth quarter and calendar 2022 in what was an unprecedented year by nearly any measure with heightened worldwide macroeconomic uncertainties caused by persistent inflation, dramatically rising interest rates, significant foreign exchange volatility, a war in Europe and lingering impacts from the pandemic early in the period. Yet the consumer remained resilient throughout the year and we enabled a record over 64 billion transactions, culminating in a successful holiday season with multiple all-time high peak days. We delivered record results for 2022. While its certainly in the New Year, internal metrics indicate more of the same. Where we have seen any discernible change, it is in some macro weakness in limited geographies like the United Kingdom and parts of Asia-Pacific. Having said that, those items already are reflected in our fourth quarter results and our guidance assumes no meaningful change in operating environments for 2023. We are pleased with our preliminary January results. For the fourth quarter, our Merchant business delivered 9% adjusted net revenue growth excluding dispositions and our Issuer segment achieved 5% adjusted net revenue growth, each on a foreign exchange neutral basis. Importantly, our core Issuer business again generated sequential financial and operating improvement, consistent with our expectations and the best performance since our merger with TSYS in 2019. For the full year, our performance was consistent with our September 2021 cycle guidance despite multiple black swan disruptions that emerged in 2022. Our Merchant business delivered 13% adjusted net revenue growth, excluding dispositions and our Issuer business generated 5% growth, each on a constant currency basis. For calendar 2022, we produced 10% total adjusted net revenue growth, again excluding dispositions, expanded margins by 200 basis points and generated 17% adjusted earnings per share growth on an FX-neutral basis, all right lined with our raised cycle guidance from 18 months ago despite all the incremental challenges of the macroeconomic environment. At our investor conference, we outlined our four-pillar strategy and focus on a simpler model more geared toward our corporate customers with enhanced growth and margin prospects. We detailed our capital allocation priorities that balance building the leading technology-enabled, software-driven payments business worldwide with efficient return of capital. And we highlighted our commitment to advancing our strategic partnerships with leading global technology companies, investors and share gaining financial institutions to further expand our competitive moat. We anticipate closing the acquisition of EVO Payments no later than the end of this quarter. With EVO, we have reinforced our position as a preeminent payments technology company with extensive scale and unmatched global reach. EVO enhances our target addressable markets, increases our leadership in integrated payments, expands our presence in new and provides further scale in existing geographies and augments our B2B software and payments solutions. We look forward to welcoming EVOs valued team members to the Global Payments family. We also remain on track to close the divestiture of Netspends Consumer portfolio by the end of the current quarter, a key element of our strategic pivot. We believe that this transaction will best position Netspends Consumer business for future success and we wish its team members the best of luck in the future. Additionally, we have reached an agreement to sell our Gaming Solutions business to Parthenon Capital Partners for $415 million. This transaction, much like the sale of Netspend B2C is consistent with our efforts to refine our portfolio toward our core corporate customers in a way from consumer-centric businesses. These three transactions further our strategic objectives, simplify our businesses and provide us with enhanced confidence in our growth and margin targets. We expect each of them to close by the end of March, providing us with core businesses from which to grow for many years to come. Our unique ability to provide differentiated vertical market software, payments and other technology solutions continues to resonate with customers. Our vertical market segment again delivered low double-digit growth in the fourth quarter with our QSR and School Solutions businesses, notable standouts. We are delighted to announce today that both the Atlanta Hawks and the Atlanta Braves have chosen Global Payments to serve as their official commerce technology provider for State Farm Arena and Truist Park. The Hawks and the Braves ranked comprehensive RFPs to select their partner for the future. And they chose Global Payments because of our ability to deliver distinctive cloud-based software and payment solutions to create enhanced frictionless experiences that increase fan engagement, drive loyalty, provide cloud-based data and improve operational efficiency. We are proud to be the commerce technology partner for all of Georgias major professional sports and entertainment venues. And our pipeline in this channel remains robust. In addition to the Hawks and the Braves takeaways, Xenial produced record revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022. Recent wins also include A&W Restaurants, Jack in the Box and Panda Express. What do these new customers all have in common such that they chose us in recent competitive takeaways? In short, consumer expectations for the sports and entertainment and QSR channels are high and the pace of technological change in those markets plays uniquely to our competitive strengths. Our technologies are winning everyday in the marketplace with more than 51,000 restaurants in over 65 countries choosing our purpose-built ecosystems to deliver positive experiences back to their customers. Other standouts in our Merchant business for the fourth quarter include our integrated and worldwide e-commerce and omnichannel businesses, which both again delivered mid-teens growth in the period. We are excited to combine the best of these businesses with EVO as our integration activities commenced in the near-term. In addition, we are now live with our acquiring relationship with Google across North America on the heels of the success of our initial launch in Asia-Pacific in 2021. Turning to our Issuer business, we produced the best performance we have experienced since the TSYS merger in 2019 in the fourth quarter of 2022. We ended last year with a record 816 million traditional accounts on file, an increase of 15 million AOS sequentially, driven by double-digit account growth with industry-leading customers as our strategy of aligning with market share winners, shows gains. Our commercial card business continued to perform well, with transactions growing 20% in the fourth quarter as cross-border and domestic corporate travel continued its recovery trajectory. We lead in the issuer market with cutting-edge technologies, worldwide scale, terrific customer service and a partnership mentality. While the issuing business has always been and we expect will always remain highly competitive, those partners seeking to compete digitally know where they need to invest to be competitive in the marketplace. Much like in the Merchant business, issuing businesses in growth challenged markets without the wherewithal to make cloud-centric technology investments for the digital future will be increasingly challenged to compete. Thankfully, thats not our target market. We are very pleased to announce that TSYS signed a multiyear extension with Bank of America, one of our largest customers and relationship that spans consumer and commercial card portfolios in North America and the United Kingdom. We also extended our successful partnership with Deutsche Bank, our largest client in the DACH region into the next decade as TSYS remains their partner of choice for scheme branded card portfolios across international brands, including Deutsche Bank and Postbank, also good timing in light of our pending entry into the acquiring business in Germany through EVO. Other recent multiyear extensions with longstanding customers include P&C for its commercial business. Our durable relationships with some of the most complex and sophisticated institutions globally speak to our competitiveness well into the remainder of this decade. We currently have 9 letters of intent with institutions worldwide, nearly all of which were achieved through a competitive RFP process. This includes a recent LOI for new business with TSYS in Mexico, well timed in relation to EVO and a competitive takeaway conducted via RFP. Another 12 of our recent LOIs, including 5 competitive takeaways, have gone to contract since the beginning of 2022, providing further future growth opportunities. We recently entered the Swedish market through a contract we executed with Entercard during the quarter spanning both its consumer and commercial portfolios. And we have got a contract with Scotia Chile portfolio, which is being added to our agreement with Scotiabank, a partnership that spans multiple markets across the Americas. This marks our second win in Chile, following the long-term agreement we reached with market leading retailer, Cencosud, signed earlier this year. Our issuer conversion pipeline stands at a record post-merger of over 75 million accounts, providing further confidence of our growth trajectory well into the future. We are pleased to report that we have now reached business agreement on ahead of terms with CaixaBank, one of the largest issuing institutions across Europe. Post implementation, we expect to become one of the largest debit technology providers in Europe. We are the beneficiaries of technological innovation, continued share shift and market share gains is just one example while we have been providing market-leading technologies for buy now, pay later initiatives for decades. We continue to innovate and deliver installment products as BNPL demand grows. This includes launching a successful BNPL program with one of our longstanding partners, NatWest, to aid customers with longer term purchases and special events. This product was designed to enable payments to be easily tracked and incorporates the robust fraud protections provided by FCA-regulated purchases. Other issuer highlights include a new partnership with Mastercard, leveraging Ethoca consumer clarity to improve the dispute resolution process and digital experiences for more than 25 million car owners in the U.S. and the UK. We also are collaborating with fintech software-as-a-service platform, Mondu, to provide next-generation capabilities for financial services customers across a number of strategic use cases, including credit cards BNPL, prepaid cards and a range of deposits and lending solutions. Finally, we have now combined the TSYS commercial card business, MineralTree and Netspends B2B assets into a single unified B2B organization within the Issuer Solutions business as we focus on driving cross-selling opportunities. Across MineralTree and our core TSYS virtual card capabilities, total spend grew more than 50% in 2022 over the prior year as we remain focused on bringing the industrys best virtual card capabilities to our FIs, enabling B2B transactions, mobile wallet provisioning and online travel capabilities. MineralTree had a terrific fourth quarter of 2022 with growth in excess of 30%, and it is well positioned for gains heading into 2023. Josh?
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Jeff. We are pleased with our strong financial performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year, which highlights the durability of our business model. Starting with the results for the full year 2022, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $8.09 billion, an increase of 7% from the prior year on a constant currency basis. Excluding the impact of dispositions, adjusted net revenue increased 10% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating margin for the full year improved 190 basis points to 43.7%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $9.32, an increase of 17% on a constant currency basis compared to the full year 2021, which includes the impact of the exit of our Russia business during the second quarter. These results were consistent with our guidance expectations and with our September 2021 cycle guidance from our investor conference despite all the challenges Jeff highlighted earlier. Moving to the fourth quarter results, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.02 billion, an increase of 4.4% from the same period in the prior year on a constant currency basis. Excluding the impact of dispositions, adjusted net revenue increased 7% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 240 basis points to 44.4%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.42, an increase of 17% on a constant currency basis compared to the same period in 2021. Taking a closer look at performance by segment, Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.41 billion for the fourth quarter, reflecting constant currency growth of 9% excluding dispositions. This performance was led by the ongoing strength of our U.S. and technology-enabled businesses. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 48.4% in the segment, an increase of 20 basis points year-on-year as we continue to benefit from the underlying strength of our business mix. We saw double-digit growth across a number of our U.S. businesses in the quarter, including our integrated channel, vertical markets portfolio, POS solutions and HCM and payroll businesses, while our worldwide e-commerce and omnichannel businesses also delivered growth in the mid-teens on a constant currency basis this quarter. This strength was partially offset by ongoing headwinds from adverse foreign currency exchange rates along with macro softness in limited geographies like the UK and continued COVID-related restrictions in parts of Asia-Pacific. We are pleased with the fundamental performance of our Issuer Solutions business in the fourth quarter. Notably, core Issuer grew 5% this quarter, excluding the impact of FX, which was an 80 basis point acceleration sequentially and positions us well heading into 2023. As Jeff highlighted, traditional accounts on file increased by 15 million sequentially, driven primarily by strong account growth from our major consumer portfolio customers. Transactions also grew high single-digits compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 with strong contributions coming from commercial card transactions, which were up roughly 20% for the quarter. Our total Issuer business including B2B delivered $501 million in adjusted net revenue, also a 5% improvement on a constant currency basis for the same period in 2021. Excluding the impact of our PayCard business, which faced headwinds from both employment trends due to the macro environment and the lapping of pandemic subsidies, Issuer Solutions grew 5.3% on a constant currency basis. Finally, we delivered adjusted operating margins of 48.3%, an increase of 560 basis points from the prior year, fueled by our accelerated growth and focus on driving efficiencies in the business. From a cash flow standpoint, we produced strong adjusted free cash flow for the quarter of $723 million and $2.3 billion for the year, consistent with our target to convert roughly 100% of adjusted earnings into available cash, excluding the impact of the expired federal research and development tax credit. We invested $152 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and $616 million for the year in line with our expectations. Further, this quarter, we repurchased approximately 7.3 million of our shares for approximately $790 million. And for the full year, we repurchased 23.3 million shares for $2.9 billion or approximately 8% of our shares outstanding. Our balance sheet remains healthy and our leverage position was 3.2x on a net debt basis at quarter end. We made further progress on our strategic priorities during the fourth quarter and remain on track to close our acquisition of EVO Payments and the divestiture of Netspends Consumer assets by the end of the quarter. As Jeff mentioned, we also reached an agreement to sell our Gaming business to Parthenon Capital Partners. We are pleased to have received HSR approval for this transaction and have submitted all other required regulatory filings. We also expect to close the Gaming Solutions divestiture by the end of this quarter. As a result, our business mix as of April 1 of this year will reflect our future state composition for three quarters of 2023 and beyond. We have ample financial flexibility, including our $5.75 billion revolving credit facility, which is currently undrawn. And following the completion of all of these transactions, we expect our net leverage to be approximately 3.75x, below our prior estimates. We continue to expect to return to current leverage levels by year-end 2023 while maintaining existing investment-grade ratings. We are pleased with how our business is positioned as we enter 2023 and the resulting financial outlook for the year. We currently expect reported adjusted net revenue to range from $8.575 billion to $8.675 billion, reflecting growth of 6% to 7% over 2022. We are forecasting annual adjusted operating margin to expand by up to 120 basis points for 2023. This is above our cycle guidance for margin expansion of 50 to 75 basis points annually, driven by benefits to our business mix from our ongoing shift towards technology enablement and the divestiture of Netspend, partially offset by the lower margin profile of EVO prior to full synergy realization. To provide color at the segment level, we expect our Merchant segment to report adjusted net revenue growth of roughly 15% to 16% for the full year. This includes growth of approximately 9% to 10%, excluding the impact of the acquisition of EVO Payments and dispositions. We expect the EVO Payments acquisition to contribute approximately $475 million of adjusted net revenue in calendar 2023, which assumes the transaction closes at the end of the current quarter. We expect more than 100 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion from the existing Global Payments Merchant business, excluding dispositions in 2023, ahead of our cycle guide. This expansion will be more than offset beginning in the second quarter with the absorption of the lower margin profile of EVO Payments. We expect this impact will be mitigated by synergy realization as the year progresses. As a result, we are forecasting margin expansion in Q1, contraction in the middle of the year and then margin expansion in Q4 as synergies ramp for our Merchant business. The net result will be a modest decline in our total Merchant business reported adjusted operating margin for the year. Moving to Issuer Solutions. We expect to deliver adjusted net revenue growth in the 5% range, including Netspends B2B assets for the full year compared to 2022 as we benefit from our strongest conversion pipeline since the TSYS merger. Specifically, we expect core Issuer to grow roughly 5% and for MineralTree and Netspends B2B businesses to grow low double digits. We anticipate adjusted operating margin for the Issuer business to expand up to 60 basis points as we continue to benefit from operating leverage in the business as growth continues to accelerate, offset somewhat by faster growth in our lower-margin B2B businesses. Finally, while the disposition of our Consumer Solutions business is naturally expected to be a headwind for the full year, this transaction enhances the overall growth and adjusted operating margin profile of the business going forward. In terms of quarterly phasing, there are several items to note. First, while we expect foreign exchange rates to be roughly neutral for the full year, we anticipate the currency headwind to adjusted net revenue of up to 200 basis points in the first quarter and a headwind of up to 100 basis points in the second quarter. Second, we expect the timing of our EVO Payments acquisition and the dispositions of Netspend Consumer and Gaming to naturally impact quarterly growth rates during the year. We anticipate the impact of the disposition of the Netspend Consumer business to be offset for the most part by the addition of EVO, which we expect to close at the end of the first quarter. Given the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures as well as foreign exchange rates, on our expectations for 2023, we have provided greater detail regarding our adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share assumptions for the year and by quarter in our slides posted today on our website. Moving to a couple of non-operating items. We currently expect net interest expense to be roughly $540 million and for adjusted effective tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 19.5% for the full year. We also expect our capital expenditures to be around $630 million in 2023, consistent with our long-term targets. We anticipate adjusted free cash flow to again be in a comparable range of 100% of adjusted earnings per share in 2023. For modeling purposes, we have assumed excess cash is used to pay down indebtedness in 2023 until we return to our current leverage levels towards the end of the year with minimal share repurchases until then. Putting it all together, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $10.25 to $10.37, reflecting growth of 10% to 11% over 2022. Excluding dispositions, adjusted earnings per share growth would have been 15% to 16% for 2023. Finally, we anticipate and assume a stable worldwide macro backdrop throughout the calendar year in 2023, reflecting the current environment. And with that, Ill turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Josh. I could not be more proud of all that we accomplished in 2022 despite the incremental challenges we faced throughout the year. These achievements have given us increased confidence in the accelerated growth trajectory we outlined at our investor conference. Simply put, we built a better, a more durable business model. Our expectations for 2023 are for a return to normalcy with businesses across our markets delivering a typical financial and operating levels. The consumer remains resilient with anticipated spending patterns reflected in our recent results and our guidance. The imminent closing of the acquisition of EVO and the sales of Netspend B2C and Gaming mean that three quarters of calendar 2023 will reflect results of the businesses that we intend to manage well into the future. Weve completed the strategic pivot set forth in September 2021, and we are very much the better for it. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Jeff. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. We will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Darrin Peller: Guys, thanks. Nice results. But look, just still a lot of moving parts. So Jeff, my first question would just be if you can help us understand, when you look past all these  the Gaming divestiture, the EVO deal, in the Merchant business, number one, I guess, if you can give us a sense of what the  some of the main moving parts were in the quarter again in terms of the  some of the verticals youre operating in, in the software-centric businesses, the tech-enabled areas, a little bit more granularity. But more importantly, when you look beyond this, what is this growth profile of this business, again, including EVO, including the divestiture of Gaming? And how do we think about Merchant going forward for the next year or 2?
Jeff Sloan: Darrin, its Jeff. Ill start, and Ill ask Cameron to jump in, too. So I think weve described that over the last number of calls. Were going to end up with  in the aggregate, if you step back, a Merchant business is three quarters of the revenue of the company and an Issuer in B2B business thats 25% of the revenue of the company. Thats reflected in our September 21 cycle guidance expectations, and if anything, makes us feel better about achieving those expectations. That was covered in our press release in our prepared remarks this morning where, excluding dispositions on an FX-neutral basis, we actually hit those targets despite all the incremental challenges and uncertainties in a lot of the markets that were in. Id also say that we expect all the transactions that weve announced previously and now Gaming today that closed by the end of this quarter, So three quarters of 2023, as I said in my prepared remarks, I expect to reflect the businesses that we will have for many years in the future and the future to come. I also touched on  Ill turn to Cameron in a second, but I also touched on some of the pieces that have generated fantastic growth, the 9% that we announced this morning in Merchant, the 13% for the year, 9% for the quarter, the 9% volume growth I announced in my prepared remarks. Some of the pieces that added into that namely our integrated business, which again grew into the mid-teens, our e-comm and omni businesses. which again grew into the mid-teens meaningfully in excess of the Visa, Mastercard kind of e-com reporting, and of course, meaningfully in excess of what PayPal announced last night in terms of their volumes and the like. So I think those growth drivers that weve described historically at our last investor conference in probably the last 4 or 5 years of calls in our Merchant business, I expect to continue to drive the business forward. Cameron, do you want to provide more detail on merchant to take it?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin, Im happy to. Maybe Ill start with the quarter and then Ill spend a little bit of time on the outlook as well. So for the quarter, as Jeff highlighted, I think were pretty pleased with the overall growth we saw in the business. Obviously, that was led by the U.S. business, which again produced double-digit growth in the quarter. Jeff highlighted a couple of, I think, the outstanding businesses from a performance perspective. But Id also note, our point-of-sale, ATM and payroll businesses also grew in the double digits. Our vertical market business grew in the double digits. So our U.S. business overall was double digits for the quarter. North America in total, including Canada, was right at 10%, exactly what we did in Q3. So again, I think good strength across kind of the U.S. and North American businesses. Where we saw a little bit of headwind was from our Asian and European businesses. We do see some macro headwinds in the UK. I think we talked about that in our prepared remarks. And Asia continues to be impacted by COVID-related restrictions, although as we get early into 2023, were starting to see those lift, and January results obviously reflect a lifting of those restrictions, which is encouraging to see heading into the year. So really, our performance in Q4 was largely the same as Q3, but for international businesses. They were a point of tailwind in Q3, and there were a point of headwind in Q4. I think when you look at the business overall, fundamentally, 9% constant currency volume growth, I think, compares very favorably against what you saw from Visa, Mastercard, PayPal, Fiserv. So I think we feel very good about the momentum and the underlying fundamental performance of the Merchant business as we head into 2023. As we talked about this morning, our highlights for 2023 from a growth perspective start with Global Payments sort of core business at 9% to 10%, again, relatively consistent with the cycle guidance that we provided for that business reflecting a macro environment that we expect to be largely consistent with kind of what weve seen exiting 2022. So fundamentally, I think we feel really good about how the business is performing and the component parts in the technology-enabled aspects of the business that we expect to drive growth are continuing to do just that.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. And we see that trend, as I said, just to finish off on that point from Cameron, Darrin. As I said in the prepared remarks, we saw the same trends continue into January. So really with the preliminary results that we have for January, we are pleased with the metrics that we have into January and into February. So we really havent seen  as Cameron just alluded to, really havent seen much of a change. Bank of America came out this morning with some comments about a healthy consumer. So we continue to be pleased with where we are.
Darrin Peller: Thats great, thats great. One quick follow-up on the Issuer side. You obviously have  you showed the acceleration we hoped for, for the fourth quarter, which is great. Think you have 75 million accounts on file that are scheduled to be able to come on over the course of the year and more maybe in 24 with Caixa, if I remember correctly. And so just thinking about the guidance for Issuer, it seems like its roughly  I think it was 4.5% to 5.5%, if Im not mistaken. Between all the tailwinds, could it have been a little higher? Is that conservative? Can you just touch on that? Thanks, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin. Yes. So look, I think were really pleased with where the Issuer business is, and its really issuer and B2B now. So look, I would tell you that in the back half of calendar 2022, for Issuer in particular, we exceeded our expectations almost every month and certainly for the two quarters. So weve got our fingers crossed that we will do better and what that it will accelerate further. As I mentioned a minute ago, the metrics to January  preliminary results in January and metrics and issuance of February also look very healthy. So look, were hopeful we can do better than that. I would say though that the fourth quarter of 22 itself represented 80 basis points of sequential acceleration in core Issuer just from Q3, Darrin, into Q4 sequentially in terms of revenue. So look, Im hopeful we can all look back and say that was a low bar, but youre talking about a business that had its best performance in the month of December that adds since the merger expect performance in the quarter that it had since the merger, Darrin, be delighted to talk to you in May about how good the performance is in the first quarter if that will continue. But I think weve got multiple tailwinds in that business. Were really excited about where it is. Obviously, part of our goal is to get B2B larger. So as Josh said in his prepared remarks, B2BX Paycard added about 60, 70 basis points to the growth rate. Wed obviously like to get that bigger and thats part of our plan to get to mid to high over time single-digits in that business, but thats reflected in our guide today, up to 5.5% growth. So I think weve got every avenue of opportunity available to continue to build on the sequential acceleration that we saw in calendar 2022. And hopefully, Darrin, can look back later in the year and laugh about how easy it was.
Darrin Peller: Alright. Its great to hear. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
James Faucette: Great. Thanks. I wanted to touch quickly on the expense side and expectations for margin expansion. I wonder if you can just give a little more detail there, particularly around like labor. And just wondering if wage pressures have largely subsided at this point? And is that part of what youre expecting to help contribute to margin expansion?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, James, its Jeff. Ill start and Ill ask Josh to jump in too kind of at a macro level. I wanted to give you a little bit more of the micro detail. So look, our job is to manage the business. Wage inflation, rent inflation, thats part of the operating company. Our job is not to blame that for misses. Our job is to absorb that and move on. And I think thats what weve been able to do, not just in the fourth quarter or the guide but over the last number of years. I certainly would say, just speaking for us, that the employment market has changed. I would say, as youve seen the tech layoffs come from other folks around the country and around the world, there is no doubt there is been a change in perspective. I wouldnt say though thats changed the wage inflation expectations of people in our company or in the market, more broadly valued team members our value team members. And we need to be and we are market competitive. The last time I looked, which admittedly, James was probably a little bit ago, I think headcount and tech in our company was up 10% versus 19, and comp was up similarly or even a little bit more. As I mentioned a minute ago, our job is to manage those numbers, absorb them and still move on, which is kind of what weve done. So, ongoing wage inflation is reflected in our expectations for margin expansion this year. It was reflected in our actual results for margin expansion last year. And obviously, we offset that with good growth, we offset it with leverage and everything else. Josh, you want to be more specific on some of the margin stuff?
Josh Whipple: Yes, absolutely. So James, as I said in my prepared remarks that we expect margins to expand approximately 120 basis points in 2023, which is if you think about our cycle guide at 50 to 75 basis points, that is ahead of our cycle guide. And we expect to see outsized margin expansion in Q1 of approximately 200 basis points, which is similar to the levels that we saw in Q4, and then we expect to see more normalized expansion of 100 basis points to the balance of the year. And I would say that the primary driver of the benefits of this margin expansion is really a business mix shift towards technology enablement and the divestiture of Netspend, which we had talked about, which we expect to be partially offset by the lower margin profile of EVO before we start to go ahead and realize synergies. So thats a little bit more color as it relates to margin outlook for 2023.
James Faucette: Really appreciate that. And then you guys are obviously basing your outlook on kind of relatively stable macro environment. I guess I wouldnt be doing my job if I didnt try to pressure test that a little bit. If we look at some of the segments, whether  in your exposure, whether it be the SMB and e-commerce, Ive heard kind of mixed feedback recently from other companies in the space. Can you just give a little bit of insight into what youre seeing in SMB? Are you seeing points of weakness, etcetera, similarly on e-commerce? Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Ill start, James, and then Ill ask Cameron to give more detail. So I would just say, as we said in our prepared remarks, look, the fourth quarter and Cameron said this, in certain of our markets, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific, they moved from a tailwind to a headwind. And I think a lot of that is macroeconomic-related. Some of that obviously is COVID, as Cameron alluded to, kind of coming in and out. I mentioned before that January preliminary results are favorable and that we see those metrics kind of trending and continuing, so that doesnt appear shifted from the fourth quarter. But the point I was trying to make in my prepared remarks, James, is whatever macro disruption weve kind of seen from higher rates, FX, COVID, whatever you want to call it, UK, already in our results from the fourth quarter and certainly our annual results from January and guide our expectations. So I would say thats kind of early in the cake, so to speak, as we think about kind of where we are. Cameron, you want to be a little bit more detailed on SMB and mix?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Im happy to. I mean I think what were seeing right now is relative stability across the SMB markets that we target in our vertical market businesses and our Merchant business overall. And the best example I can probably provide is just where we stand as it relates to booking and new sales trends kind of exiting 2022, heading into 2023 because I think thats a good barometer as to where we see the health of that overall market. Believe it or not, we had our best sales month of the year in our U.S. Merchant business in December. And it was our second best all time. So I think from that perspective, were seeing very good momentum across new sales, which I think is a good  obviously, a good canary in the coal mine for what we anticipate in 2023. We had a record payroll sales month in December, and we continue to see near 20% bookings growth in our vertical market businesses, again, all targeted largely towards the SMB segments of the market here in the U.S., by and large. E-comm and omni continues to produce really good results. As we highlighted on the call, mid-teens growth again yet this quarter, we continue to benefit, I think from digitization trends that obviously help blend the physical and virtual world. But I think again, we are uniquely positioned to solve this complexity for our merchant customers, and we see great adoption of those capabilities from our merchants in virtually all markets around the globe in which we are operating today. So, look, I think we are fairly confident as we head into 2023 to the guide that we provided today. Obviously, macro can evolve over the course of the year. I dont think we are assuming perfect macro. We didnt see perfect macro in Q4, as Jeff highlighted. So, I think some of that is obviously reflected in the guide today. I think the guide doesnt assume it gets meaningfully worse nor does it assume it gets meaningfully better from where we are. And I think again, we feel confident in our ability to deliver on the results that we forecasted in our call earlier this morning.
James Faucette: Thanks everybody.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks James.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys. Thanks. So, we are talking about 9% to 10% organic growth in merchant, 4.5% to 5.5% in issuer. I just wonder if I try to understand Slide 10, where you pulled together some of the pieces here. I see the divestiture adjustment there, but I dont see anything explicitly talking about the EVO acquisition. So, you showed 8% to 9% here. So, that, I guess is essentially the organic overall? I dont know, I am still confused that we dont see the adjustment for EVO?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Jason, its Jeff. So, I will start. So, we will start with our GAAP guide, which is the first row, and then we have got our normal GAAP adjustments, which is the second row, the home adjustments to get adjusted net revenue. Thats what we report, the 6% to 7%. We said currency was roughly neutral. The truth is its a 20 basis point headwind. We are just going to absorb that. We didnt think calling that out and trying to back out 20 basis points based on what we know is really worth anyones time. Our job is to manage those things. The reason we call it net divestiture, if thats net of EVO. So, as I mentioned a minute ago, Netspend B2C and EVO are roughly similar in size. They are going to close, our expectation, is on around the same day. So, there is no timing discontinuity of those things. Those offset more or less, I would say there is a little bit of leakage. So, there might be something like 50 basis points, 60 basis points of leakage on the sale of Netspend Consumer relative to the acquisition of EVO. But then remember, we were forced to exit the Russia business April 29th, Jason, of last year, so we have overlap there for a period. And then we obviously also announced today from a revenue point the sale of gaming, which is earnings-neutral, but obviously revenue-dilutive. So, the net effect of that is minus 1.7%. If you get the lot together, the acquisition of EVO, the sale of Netspend Consumer, the forced divestiture of Russia, the sale of gaming does net to minus 1.7%. So, if you add back currency and get back the net effect, which is why it says net there on Slide 10, you get to the 8% to 9%, which to your point, and we call it core here. Thats our view of what the core business is really doing. If you want to take that to earnings, and Josh actually put this in his quote in press release. If you back out the divestiture because its not our  our cycle guide doesnt include divestitures. If you back that out, core earnings growth would have been 15% to 16%. Thats not what we were guiding to, because thats not what we are going to report. But the 8% to 9% correlates to the 15% to 16%. Then if you say, well, what about EVOs run rate of expense synergies because we only get 1 point or 2 points of accretion this year because we only own it for nine-twelfth of the year. But if you look at our guide from August 1st, there is another 3% of accretion to EPS at full run rate  incremental free at full run rate phase in full expense synergies, which is from August 1st of last year. You put that in, and we are actually at 17% to 20% earnings guide. So, the way we think about it, Jason, is 8% to 9% is the run rate of what the quarter is doing. We are not guiding to that because we are going to report which is what Pages 7, 8, 9 do, what our press release does. We dont want to have any confusion. But for those who are interested in whats really going on, whats the core revenue growth rate of the company, whatever it is, its 8% to 9%. Whats the core earnings growth of your company, its 15% to 16% and with full phase in EVO synergies, its 17% to 20%. So, right on top again  and Josh already said, its 120 on the margin, so right on top again of our cycle guide despite all the uncertainties of the world.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood. And then just as a follow-up, I know the primary use of balance sheet this year is to pay down debt, but do you potentially see room to do deals if something particularly interesting pops up? And then just a quick housekeeping thing, can you just clarify how much interest income benefit you expect this year from the solid financing on the Netspend side? Thanks guys.
Josh Whipple: Yes, absolutely. So, our primary focus this year is to go ahead and pay down debt. And so we are currently 3.25x levered. Today, with the  once we close, EVO will be about 3.75x levered. And then we will focus on paying down debt for the balance of the year, and we expect to get back to our current leverage levels at the end of the year. If you think about interest income, its approximately $75 million for the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys. Good morning and congrats on the solid results. Jeff, I wanted to ask about yields. A lot of chatter on looking at the merchant side. If you look at your volumes, they look very favorably versus peers. On yields, you guys are about flat. Others are showing large increases. Can you just give some comments on how you think about yields and yields going forward in the merchant business?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Bryan, its Cameron. Maybe I will jump in, and I will ask Jeff to add any other additional comments if he would like to. So, look, I would just say our philosophy around pricing really hasnt changed very much. We do want to ensure we are getting paid fairly and appropriately for the level of service and capabilities we are providing to our customers and our pricing strategies, I will say, are generally aligned with this. We are not really positioning ourselves to be the low-cost provider in the market. I think we are price competitive. But obviously, we strive to differentiate ourselves based on our capabilities and the service that we deliver to the customers that we have the benefit of serving in the marketplace. So, like everybody else, as we talked about earlier on this call, I mean we have inflationary pressures that we have to absorb around wage, goods, services, etcetera. Obviously, we have reflected that in pricing plans kind of accordingly. But I would say, to your point, our volume growth continues to track relatively consistently with our overall revenue growth. And our spreads have remained relatively consistent. I would say, over time, we continue to expect to see spreads overall increase as we continue to pivot towards more technology enablement in the business, as we continue to scale our point-of-sale business, our vertical market businesses continue to grow, e-comm and omni continues to be a tailwind for the growth. All those businesses generally have higher spreads because we are selling more technology, obviously, than sort of traditional merchant acquiring in general. So, I think there is a lot of tailwinds around our spreads as we move forward in time. But we have been fairly I would say, sanguine as it relates to our pricing strategies as we have been able to generate good revenue growth in the business on the back of really solid fundamental volume growth across the globe.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Great. And just on some of the renewals, the larger renewals. I guess the worry always is on a renewal basis, you will have to take significant kind of discounts to renew those businesses in a competitive environment. Jeff or Cameron, obviously, could you just talk a little bit about the renewal cycle because it sounded like with BofA and others, you have signed quite a bit of business, just thinking about pricing there. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Thanks Bryan. I think what you said is accurate. So, look, BofA is one of our largest customers. They just renewed for a multiyear period. That renewal started January 1st, this year and its in our guidance, right. So, our 5% at the midpoint, 4.5% to 5.5% on the page reflects all that. So, we are growing, and I would say generally growing right through those things. So, I think that really hasnt changed. What has changed in the issuer business, right, somewhat Cameron described, I think in response to Jasons comment is we are leading with technology, right. So, if its not  most of the RFPs we get now are cloud centric. And I think if you dont have a cloud-centric cloud-native solution, then I dont think all the pricing in the world is not really going to move the needle there. So, we think thats what we announced today with BofA, Deutsche Bank, Deutsche Post. Deutsche Post, that was a takeaway in Europe, double the size  it doubles the size of our business in Germany. Well timed with EVO, which obviously that closing is imminent, but they are in Germany on the acquiring side. And of course, we announced I think TSYS is already in Mexico, but probably our biggest new customer in Mexico and LOI. That was the competitive takeaway from one of our peers. We are very excited about that too. Those are RFPs, those are all competitive takeaways. So, you have to be competitive on price. But I would say leading technology in the issuer business has become table stakes. So, if you are not cloud-centric, you have a partner like we do in AWS, I think its very difficult to compete. So, I think the answer to your question at the end of the day, Bryan, is, yes, BofA, P&C, all these other things is Citi renewal from a year ago on the commercial side, the recent win in Mexico and everything else we are seeing is in the fact that we accelerated 80 basis points sequentially in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And our expectation is for more growth and more acceleration in 2023. And the way our math works and issuer is the way its worked forever. In the merchant business, if you give an x percent discount over a 5-year term, you are pretty much with volume growth surpassed that within the first 18 months of doing it in the first place. And thats been our experience in merchant, predates me and can go back 30 years. So, maybe its  I cant speak in the 70s and 80s that predates me and merchant. And certainly, thats been my experience on the issuer side. Cameron, do you want to comment on merchant?
Cameron Bready: No, the only thing I was going to add to that, Bryan, as it relates to renewals and issuer. Its a little bit like the merchant business and that we are not trying to be all things to all people. We target very specific segments of the market, and we are really targeting winners in the market. Those issuers who are growing, they are acquiring more portfolios, they see good organic growth from a card deployment perspective in their business today. So, you can afford to give, to some degree, those discounts on renewals because you are going to grow through them over a short period of time, to Jeffs point. So, it speaks to a little bit around how we position the issuer business in the marketplace, the target market for us from a growth perspective. And again, the organizations we like to partner with, those that are winning in the marketplace and give us the opportunity to grow through any sort of discount we may have to provide on a renewal over time.
Jeff Sloan: Look, it sounds like the Braves, the Hawks, the Falcons, stuff we announced today, with the states, like those are all RFPs, too. Those are RFPs with the existing providers. Those are RFPs with new fintech entrants. We are winning those too. Some of those guys know how to run RFPs at the NFL, the NBA, MLS right, etcetera. So, I would say what we are leading with is technology and thats not cells. If you dont care about the quality of tech and the quality of the service that quality support, as Cameron said, you would probably go look elsewhere.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Bryan.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Vasu Govil: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is just on the macro and the EVO business. I guess could you talk a little bit about the defensiveness of the book of business that you are acquiring with EVO? And to the extent macro does slowdown, how would your outlook on the accretion change there, if at all?
Cameron Bready: Vasu, its Cameron. I will start and I will ask Jeff to jump in. I think what we like about the EVO portfolio overall is their exposure to faster growth markets around the globe. So, obviously, I think EVO, part of the strategy that they have pursued and its one thats consistent with us is to have those exposures to geographies with strong secular growth trends. Obviously, where we see good favorable macro environment as it relates to card adoption, in digitization of payments over time, notwithstanding what the underlying macro environment in those markets may be. So, I think we feel, obviously, that our guide for EVO today  that we provided today, which is around $475 million for 2023 for three quarters of the year, which run rates to about 630, 635, something like that. Obviously, I think it reflects a pretty consistent view of the macro environment globally that we have here at Global Payments, but obviously does, to some degree, benefit from the fact that they are in secular growth markets. That obviously create tailwinds and good opportunities for us to continue to grow over longer periods of time. So, yes, you may see a little bit of macro softness in some of these markets. But again, the strong underlying secular growth trends more than offset that and I think as leave us well positioned to see good growth in EVO business year-over-year, apples-to-apples for 2023 as well as kind of the years beyond.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I mean at that point, Vasu, as Josh in his prepared remarks, that 430ish, 435 number, which is like 630, whatever the math is, for the full year reflects double-digit growth over EVO period-over-period. So, thats the number ready. Then on your earnings question, what we showed today was consistent with what we said on August 1st is really no change. That 1% to 2% of accretion for nine-twelfth of the year for EVO, if you fully phased in, as I said, as a response I think to James question, you fully phased in the synergies for EVO. You would get to 4% to 5%, which basically offsets completely the Netspend B2C Consumer disposition. Thats what we guided to in August 1st of 22. Vasu, we said, nothing has changed.
Vasu Govil: Thank you very much. And just my quick follow-up was on issuer. I know you got a lot of questions on that already. But just high level, if you think about whats your medium-term guide or cycle guide for that business was sort of in the mid-single digits. And it seems we are trending towards the low end now for a couple of years. Can you help us think visit the commercial portfolio thats still weighing on it or something beyond that? And is this sort of a more sustainable growth rate going forward?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I will take that Vasu and Josh can jump in. So, look, our cycle guide for that business has been, I think TSYS was 2%, 4% to 6%. The good news is in our guide, we go up to 5.5%, right, today. So, we have 4.5% to 5.5%. Obviously, 5% in the midpoint, 5% is the midpoint of 4% to 6% also. But notice the 4.5% to 5.5% relative to the 4% to 6% historical cycle guide. So, I think thats good news. I think the difference in that business is really twofold. One, as I mentioned in response to Bryans question, I think the cloud-centricity and the advent of new technology business, look, we wouldnt have won the deal in Mexico. I dont think we would have won  I know we would have won CaixaBank and the other things we described, if we werent cloud-centric and cloud native in that business, which is obviously what we have been working on since our announcement in August of 2020 with AWS. So, the first thing I think its changed is what people are buying, which is really technology and look, price is always an issue, but I think as I mentioned a minute ago and Cameron too, I think we are always price competitive. Thats kind of point number one. Point number two, obviously, is the mix with B2B assets that we made the pivot on with MineralTree in September of 2021 and now with elements of Netspend B2B. And I think what we said in the back half of last year, Vasu, is that should over time, and now I am talking about including B2B, right, thats kind of a new item. That takes you from the 4% to 6% and its going to take you higher to this x as B2B becomes a bigger point. As I think Josh said in his prepared remarks today, excluding Paycard, which is more macro sensitive and had lot of COVID subsidies in it. For employment, if you back that out, B2B added 60 bps to the core. So, if the quarter is growing 5%, I think we just said it was growing 5% in the fourth quarter. If the quarter is growing 5% and you are adding 60 bps, now you are close to 6%. And as those mixes change and as we burn through the pipeline, you are going to get to that mid to mid to high, which obviously is an enhancement with B2B over the traditional 4% to 6%. So, the high end of our guide right now is 5.5%. Thats higher than 5%. We hope, obviously, that continues over time. But the business is in a very healthy place. As I said in my prepared remarks, we had record after record during the peak in particular, in our issuer business. And I dont see any signs currently of our expectations changing.
Vasu Govil: Great. Thank you for the color. That was very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our last question this morning will come from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Will Nance: Hey guys. I appreciate you taking the question. Jeff, I just wanted to ask a follow-up on the earlier question on kind of the run rate growth as you guys are exiting in the year. I mean, I am kind of looking at Slide 9 at the 7% to 8% growth or on a segment basis kind of 9% to 10% standalone GPN and/or standalone merchant and mid-single digits on issuer. I guess just how do you kind of bridge what the sum product of those two growth rates gets you towards sort of the low-double digit cycle guide on top line? And kind of what needs to improve from here to kind of get to those numbers? Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. So, what I would say is our cycle guide, I would like to start with that Will and just work in reverse. So, our cycle guide of low-double digits includes M&A in it. For example, on the revenue side as well as the expense side, capital deployment has always been a part. And what we have said historically, Will, even before 21, probably going back to 15, 18, is that M&A, for example, can add up to a couple of hundred basis points of revenue in any given period. And capital deployment generally gets 2 to 3 points kind of earnings growth and has historically for a company, whether its buybacks or M&A or anything else. So, thats the overall generality. Then if you go to your question, on Pages 9 and 10. So, what we are trying to get at is we only have three quarters of EVO in 2023. Obviously, we have a disposition coming in 2023, where our cycle guide doesnt assume we are selling 10% of the revenue of the company, which is whats in the disposition. So, we tried to back that out to give you a better sense of the 8% to 9%. And then obviously, the exit period also has a currency assumption, as I mentioned a minute ago, and there is a bit of a currency headwind over the year. So, I think the answer to your question is as we accelerate merger integration with EVO, we expect to see revenue acceleration, 125, Will, is just an expense number. So, as we integrate EVO towards the end of the year, as we look at revenue opportunities when it closes beyond expense opportunities, if you add those 1 to 2 points, which is back to our cycle guide over the last number of cycles, you are exiting the year at 8% to 9% on Page 9. Obviously, its a bit of a currency thing there, 7% to 8%, add 1 to 2 points, just on EVO alone, and you are going to get to double digits of revenue. I mentioned a minute ago in response to Jasons question that on earnings ex dispositions this year were 15% to 16%, and EVO were 17% to 19%. So, I think we are kind of at the earnings number with a full year effect of EVO ex the disposition. And I think we are within sharing distance on the revenue side. Then lastly, I would say, we kind of alluded to this in the investor conference, the shifting business mix on the issuer business towards more B2B, I just mentioned a minute ago in response to Vasus question, our 4.5% to 5.5% of 5% in the middle, I think its right in line with what we said historically. But obviously, that 5.5% is towards the high end of 6%. So, its still like we would have said 4% to 6%, like here it is 5.5%. And obviously, it was a lower number in 21 and for most of 22 to end up the year at 5%. As that mix continues to shift, we see another 50 basis points, 60 basis points coming from B2B as the wins continue to roll in from things like CaixaBank, etcetera. That business should accelerate. Now, you are on top of 10% to 11%, which is our cycle guide with M&A in it. So, I think Will, exiting this year, we are kind of right on track to be where we would like to be from a cycle guide point of view. I would also say, as we said both in the press release and our prepared remarks today, we hit the sight for calendar 22, lets not lose sight of that, constant currency neutral and ex dispositions. So, I think we are right, we are at we want to be despite all the uncertainties in the current macro environment.
Will Nance: Got it. Appreciate all the detail there. So, I guess thats M&A mix shift towards B2B and maybe some core acceleration in the issuer business, thats very helpful. I appreciate all the details on the slide deck, by the way, very clear. I have a very quick follow-up. On the gaming business, could you just provide any details on the contribution of that business to 2022 results, just so we have a clean number there?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I can give you a little bit of color there, Will. Its Cameron. The gaming business got about $100 million a year or so. And I think we sold that business at around kind of an 8x multiple level, 7.5x, 8x. Can give you a sense of sort of the EBITDA contribution that it would deliver. So, as we look at 2023, we will have one-quarter of the business, so about $25 million of revenue. You can see that highlighted on Page 9 of our disclosures today. And then we will lose about $75-ish million plus of revenue kind of relative to what we had in 2022 from that business.
Will Nance: Got it. Very helpful. Appreciate you taking the questions guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Will.
Cameron Bready: Thanks will.
Jeff Sloan: Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the line for question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments third quarter 2022 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about among other matters, expected operating and financial results, and statements about the proposed transaction between Global Payments and EVO Payments. These statements are subject to risks uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental materials available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We delivered record results in the third quarter, consistent with the higher end of our September 2021 cycle guidance on a constant currency basis and excluding dispositions, highlighting the resiliency of our business model, and our consistency of execution across market cycles. Importantly, our merchant business again delivered double-digit revenue growth, and our core issuer business continued to produce sequential improvement consistent with our expectations each on a foreign exchange neutral basis. Internal metrics thus far into October suggests continuing solid performance for the fourth quarter, much as September did versus August and August versus July. It's certainly possible that things could change for the worse, given ongoing macroeconomic concerns, but that would require an adverse change that we do not broadly see in the current environment. Notably, we are achieving these results while making substantial progress on our strategic and financing initiatives. We received Hart-Scott-Rodino clearance in the United States for our acquisition of EVO Payments, and divestiture of NetSpend's consumer business. And we have now made regulatory filings in all jurisdictions, foreign and domestic, contemplated by the transactions. We took steps to finance the EVO transaction with a successful $2.5 billion fixed income offering in early August at attractive rates, and we undertook a concurrent long-term extension and enhancement of our revolving credit facility. We also completed our $1.5 billion strategic investment with Silver Lake and associated transactions. We are proud of the Company that we keep, and we welcome senior partner, Joe Osnoss from Silver Lake to our Board of Directors. Our issuer business remains on track for continued core growth acceleration into year-end following an acceleration into the third quarter after a robust Q2. Our relationships with many of the most complex and sophisticated institutions globally speak to our competitiveness well into the remainder of this decade. Our issuer conversion pipeline now stands at a record post-merger of 75 million accounts, providing further confidence of our growth trajectory well into the future. What better example than our recent go-live with one of the top 10 commercial banks in the United States, which was a competitive takeaway early after the announcement of our merger. We are delighted that earlier this month, we began onboarding and servicing the bank's new consumer and small business commercial accounts on TS2. We expect this partner to be prepared for the conversion of its existing consumer and commercial accounts early next year. This quarter, we also converted the consumer and commercial portfolios for another large U.S.-based bank as a new customer as well as a large retail portfolio acquired by an existing financial institution partner, both of which were competitive takeaways. And we continue to make great progress with AWS, our preferred issuer technology solutions partner, for unique distribution and cutting-edge technologies. We are pleased to announce that we have reached an LOI with a leading global travel technology company who chose TSYS as an issuer solutions partner for its platform across the U.K. and EU after an extensive RFP process. Once live, this will be our first fintech customer on Prime in the AWS cloud in Europe. We currently have seven letters of intent with institutions worldwide, nearly all of which were achieved through a competitive RFP process and a competitive takeaway. Another seven of our recent LOIs, including five competitive takeaways, have gone to contract since the beginning of 2022 providing further future growth opportunities. Traditional accounts on file increased by $14 million sequentially this quarter, driven by account growth with existing customers as our strategy of aligning with market share winners continues to pay dividends. And transaction volumes grew double digits in Q3, led by commercial card transactions, which increased 25%, highlighting ongoing recovery trends in cross-border corporate travel and the strength of our long-lasting partnerships. At our investor conference last September, we announced B2B as the fourth and newest pillar of our strategy, meaningfully expanding our target addressable markets. As of this quarter, we are now managing Netspend's B2B assets as a part of our issuer business after successfully aligning MineralTree's capabilities with this segment earlier this year. We are delighted with the momentum we are seeing across our B2B portfolio, which includes technology centered on virtual card solutions, a vast commercial card footprint, massive distribution partnerships with the world's leading financial institutions, data and analytics, market-leading payroll technologies and access globally to nonbank card rails. Recent B2B highlights include providing virtual commercial account services to banks and fintechs in partnership with Extend, reaching a letter of intent with specialty fintech [Even Bolt] to enable commercial expense management and integrated payable solutions and signing a multiyear commercial card agreement with Santander in the United States as a competitive takeaway. We are also pleased to have signed new virtual card services and AP services in wins with two leading U.S. financial institutions. Additionally, MineralTree achieved a number of milestones, including signing a marquee deal with Grupo Bimbo in the U.S. and Canada, one of our largest B2B bookings to date; generating record-breaking virtual card spend in the month of September and executing a referral agreement with fintech Ramp to cross-sell expense management and card on file capabilities. We're also pleased to have recently enhanced our relationship with Visa to support their branded cards in the payables space. And this is all, of course, before augmenting our B2B capabilities with EVO's leading accounts receivable automation software solutions, including its extensive proprietary integrations to some of the most widely used ERP environments in the market through its paid fabric platform, including SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Acumatica and Sage. Moving to Merchant Solutions, we are pleased to announce in partnership with Google that we have partnered with Genuine Parts Company to deliver innovative cloud-based payment solutions for the extensive NAPA Auto Parts domestic distribution network. Leveraging the combined power of Global Payments and Google Cloud, NAPA will streamline Commerce operations for its B2B transactions across the United States. We continue to expand our acquiring relationship with Google in North America following the success of our initial launch in Asia Pacific late last year. Volumes are now building in the U.S. market with Google as a customer, and we expect the ramp to continue throughout this quarter. We also anticipate bringing our partnership with Google to Europe next year. Additionally, we remain on track to launch Phase 2 of Google Run and Grow My Business to help our merchants grow faster by connecting additional Google services to our digital platform this quarter. We yet again delivered solid growth in our e-comm and omni-channel business for the third quarter, well ahead of the markets as we have done all year. We continue to benefit from our unique ability to seamlessly blend the physical and virtual worlds in more markets than our peers. And of course, the pending acquisition of EVO and entry into new geographies like Poland and Germany will enhance our target addressable markets. We are excited to have recently reached an agreement to expand our e-commerce partnership with Gucci, a division of French multinational corporate carrying for acceptance services beyond Europe and into Asia Pacific, where we will deliver a uniform solution and seamless experience virtually for one of the most sophisticated luxury retail brands. Our partnership with Citi via UCP recently went live in Spain, France and Italy, and we continue to expect to go live in Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden prior to year-end. Together, we are currently targeting Citi's largest treasury and trade solutions customers, and are excited to announce Citi recently signed one of the world's top social media platforms and one of the world's top e-commerce markets platforms. In our vertical markets portfolio, we saw a significant return of growth in School Solutions as expected, and this business delivered substantial improvement in the quarter with the lapsing of pandemic subsidies on school lunches. Also, our Xenial business continues to post solid wins in the sports and entertainment areas, with new signings with the Carolina Panthers and the Winnipeg Jets. And our pipeline in this channel remains robust. Lastly, we continue to see strong double-digit growth in our real estate vertical market business, Zego, with our new flexible payments product driving significant demand for our digital solutions. Lastly, I'm delighted to announce that we have launched our merchant referral relationship with Virgin Money in the United Kingdom this quarter and are already realizing strong lead flow and new signings from this partnership. We also remain on track to launch Virgin Money's new pay proposition early next year. We did exactly what we said we would do in the third quarter of 2022. Our core businesses continued their track record of extraordinary growth and are well positioned heading into year-end. Our strategic investments are tracking the plan and our new partnerships are right in line with our expectations. We are very fortunate to be in the position that we are in heading into the final quarter of the year. Josh?
Josh Whipple: Thanks, Jeff. We are pleased with our strong financial performance in the third quarter, which was consistent with our expectations despite ongoing macro concerns. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.06 billion, an increase of 6% from the prior year on a constant currency basis. Excluding the impact of our exit from Russia and the NetSpend consumer assets which are classified as held for sale, adjusted net revenue was $1.93 billion, an increase of 9% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter improved 240 basis points to a record 45.2%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.48, an increase of 18% from the prior year on a constant currency basis, which includes absorbing the impact of the exit of our Russia business during Q2. This performance highlights outstanding execution of our differentiated technology-enabled strategy. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment, Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.45 billion for the third quarter, a 10% improvement on a constant currency basis and approximately 11%, excluding the impact of Russia. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 50% in this segment, an increase of 80 basis points year-on-year on a foreign exchange neutral basis. Our combined U.S. Payments and Payroll business delivered another strong quarter led by our integrated channel which again reported mid-teens growth. And we continue to see strong momentum in our POS software solutions, which grew nearly 30% this quarter on top of over 70% growth in Q3 of 2021, as well as our HCM and payroll business, which grew mid-teens in the quarter. Our worldwide e-commerce and omni-channel businesses also delivered growth in the teens on a constant currency basis this quarter as we continue to see strong demand for our omni-channel solutions across our business. And our vertical market solutions again achieved double-digit growth compared to the prior year, led by strength in our School Solutions business and Zego, while bookings trends remain solid across the portfolio. Outside the U.S., despite ongoing headwinds from adverse foreign currency exchange rates and continued COVID-related restrictions in parts of Asia Pacific, the overall macro backdrop remains relatively stable, and we continue to gain share. Specifically, we continue to see strong revenue improvement in key faster-growth geographies, including Spain, Central Europe and Southeast Asia as we're seeing significant demand for our differentiated capabilities outside the U.S. that are well aligned with shifting customer needs coming out of the pandemic. Turning to Issuer Solutions, this business delivered $489 million in adjusted net revenue, which is a 6% improvement on a constant currency basis from the third quarter of 2021, including Netspend's B2B assets in both periods. Excluding the impact of B2B, Issuer Solutions core growth accelerated 20 basis points from the second quarter and was consistent with our long-term targets as we anticipated. Our transaction and account on file revenue grew high single digits and was consistent with the second quarter performance. As Jeff mentioned, our commercial card transactions increased 25%, with growth improving throughout the period. Issuer adjusted operating margin of 46.4% increased 310 basis points from the prior year, fueled by accelerating growth and also by our focus on driving efficiencies in the business. We are pleased that our issuer team signed two new partners and one contract extension during the quarter. Additionally, as Jeff mentioned, our pipeline remains at record levels as we continue to see good sales activity in all markets for new clients and cross-sell opportunities. This includes the growing list of opportunities we have in collaboration with AWS. Overall, the outstanding results we delivered across our merchant and issuer businesses this quarter serves as a proof point of the wisdom of our strategy and resiliency of our model, while we also continue to remain significant financial flexibility. From a cash flow standpoint, we delivered $640 million of adjusted free cash flow for the quarter after investing $139 million in capital expenditures. We continue to expect capital expenditures to be roughly $600 million for the full year. On the capital allocation front, we repurchased 6.9 million of our shares for approximately 890 million during the period. Our balance sheet remains extremely healthy, and we ended September with roughly $3.5 billion of liquidity and leverage of 3.1x on a net debt basis. We made substantial progress on our strategic priorities this quarter, including the related financing initiatives. In August, we successfully completed a $2.5 billion senior unsecured notes offering with a blended yield of 5.5% and an average duration of 14.5 years. It's worth noting that the rates achieved in this offering are well below current market rates. We also completed the $1.5 billion strategic investment in the form of privately placed convertible senior notes with Silver Lake with a 1% coupon. As is customary with convertible instruments, we executed a cap call transaction that significantly raised the effective conversion premium to approximately $230 per share. We are delighted to have Silver Lake as a new partner. Our capital structure consists of 100% fixed rates currently. We used the proceeds from these offerings to pay down our existing term loan and the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility. And we simultaneously closed a new $5.75 billion revolving credit facility that provides us with ample financial flexibility. Following the completion of the EVO and NetSpend consumer transactions, which we continue to anticipate closing by the end of the first quarter, we expect our net leverage to be approximately 3.9x. We expect to return to current leverage levels by year-end calendar 2023 while maintaining our current investment-grade ratings. Turning to the outlook for the remainder of 2022, given the underlying trends we are seeing, our expectations for the core business remain unchanged from our August call. We continue to expect full year constant currency adjusted net revenue growth of 10% to 11% over 2021, excluding the impact of dispositions. On a reported basis, we now expect foreign currency to be roughly a 300 basis point headwind to adjusted net revenue growth for 2022 or an incremental 100 basis points relative to the outlook we provided in August. Including these incremental FX headwinds, the reclassification of NetSpend's consumer assets to held for sale and the exit of our Russia business, we expect to report adjusted net revenue in a range of $7.8 billion to $7.9 billion for 2022. We are increasing our expectations for adjusted operating margin expansion to up to 170 basis points for the full year as compared to our prior outlook of up to 150 basis points. Lastly, consistent with our prior outlook, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share on a constant currency basis to be in a range of $9.53 to $9.75, reflecting growth of 17% to 20% over 2021. We now expect FX headwinds to impact adjusted earnings per share by roughly $0.30 for the full year, an increase of an additional approximately $0.13 from our Q2 call in early August. As a result, we now expect to report adjusted earnings per share in a range of $9.32 to $9.55, albeit at the low end of the range given our exit from Russia and the sheer magnitude of the foreign currency impacts we are absorbing. In summary, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance. Our merchant segment led by our technology-enabled strategy continues to excel, and underlying trends in the business remain strong. Together with the record pipeline, successes of our modernization efforts and enhanced B2B focus in our issuer segment, we are well positioned for the future. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Josh. We delivered record performance again in the third quarter as we have throughout 2022. Underlying fundamentals across businesses remain broadly healthy. While macroeconomic concerns around, we do not see significant broad-based evidence of softness in the trends that we have experienced to-date or in the bookings and implementation pipelines that we have the good fortune to enjoy currently. And with the dissipation of the pandemic, we are now back to typical financial and operating levels. Despite the background noise, we continue to make significant progress on our strategic and financial initiatives in the third quarter. The acquisition of EVO and the disposition of NetSpend's consumer assets remain squarely on track with our expectations. Our debt capital raise in early August was well timed and executed. Our balance sheet remains strong, and our new partnership with Silver Lake is off to a terrific start. These transformative transactions will serve to accelerate our strategy and provide us with enhanced confidence in our increased growth and margin targets over the cycle. Upon the expected closing of these deals in early 2023, Merchant Solutions will represent approximately 75% of our adjusted net revenue, with Issuer Solutions, including B2B, comprising roughly 25%. We have multiple levers in each segment to continue to gain share over the cycle with a simpler model, more geared toward our corporate customers with enhanced growth and margin prospects. Happy Halloween, everyone. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Jeff. Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Darrin Peller: Maybe we just start off on the merchant side. When we dive into the moving parts and the drivers, you're growing in line or actually a little bit better than the Visa data, I think it was 11% volume. And so if you could just give us a little bit more color on what's driving the strength in your minds and what's sustainable about that. Moving beyond just macro for a minute, but what's actually structurally really doing well versus not in that segment? And then maybe if you want to just reiterate again, if you're not seeing or any -- if you are seeing any types of behavior -- consumer behavioral changes.
Cameron Bready: It's Cameron, I'll jump in, and I'll ask Jeff and Josh to add any color they'd like to. So what I would say is if you look across the data, the volume data, in particular, in our merchant business, we're seeing very good sort of stability and strength kind of across most of our sectors. And I think what's particularly, I think, gratifying to me is when you look at our performance, which, to your point, is better than the networks and our peers, that's without the benefit of the significant travel rebound that I think is propping up volume numbers for other people. As we've talked about many, many times, we don't really participate widely in travel and entertainment. And as a result of that, we're not really seeing the strength of the recovery coming in those channels, which I know is driving a good portion of volume growth kind of across the sector. So I'm really pleased with the volume growth we're able to produce, notwithstanding the fact we're not really exposed to that segment of the market is the first point I would make. The second thing I would comment on is we're seeing, I think, largely what others are seeing in the marketplace. Consumers are focused more and more on experiences. Hospitality continues to be good in our space. Obviously, retail is not quite as good as it was during the pandemic time as people have pivoted away from goods to more services and experiences. And I think you're seeing sort of volume trends in our portfolio that generally align with that overall macro trend. The last thing I'd say and kind of to the end of your question, given the diversity that we have across our portfolio and how well positioned we are, I'd say, across 70-plus vertical markets from an exposure perspective. I think we feel pretty confident that the stability and strength and volume growth that we've seen over the last several quarters is sustainable as we move forward in time. So, we feel as if we're kind of operating now in a normal environment. And the results that you saw in Q3 kind of reflect normal operating expectations for the merchant segment more broadly. And the last comment, I'll make and sorry, before I turn it over to Jeff, is just. We are still dealing with pockets of weakness around the globe as well. So I'm again pleased with the overall performance, notwithstanding the fact that we're still seeing COVID-related impacts in Asia Pacific. Obviously, the Greater China markets continue to struggle with periodic lockdowns and travel restrictions, et cetera, as it relates to their desire to have sort of a zero coved policy. And of course, we're seeing a touch of macro impact in the U.K., although a relatively small portion of our business. I think it's hard not to notice obviously, the impacts in the U.K. stemming from a variety of overall macro factors there. And certainly, that has weighed on the performance slightly as well. But if you look at everything in aggregate, again, very pleased with the overall sort of revenue growth and volume performance we've seen across the portfolio.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Darrin, it's Jeff. I'd just add to what Cameron said. We see the same thing on the Assure business. So if you look at the report today, 4.2% constant currency kind of core issuer ex the B2B assets growth and acceleration versus the second quarter and consistent with what we expected. You've seen pretty steady growth in accounts on file in transaction growth and authorizations and value-added services. I think we had 14 million accounts in the quarter. We have a record implementation pipeline post merger. Of 75 million accounts that does not include Caixa. We're tracking the same metrics on the issuing side, as Cameron mentioned, on the merchant side. The only thing I'd say is on the cross-border side, commercial cards, as we said in the slide show, was up 25% transactionally in the third quarter in September was also as a month, a really good month for commercial cards. So where we do that exposure, I think it's tracking very consistently with the networks and what Cameron described in merchant.
Darrin Peller: Just one quick follow-up and maybe, Josh, this might be a little bit more for you on the financial side. But when we look at the quarter itself, obviously, there were some adjustments to try to figure out, what the core results are. I guess there's bridge financing that you guys added back. But then when looking at guidance, you're talking about FX adjusted, but then you're also saying that FX was, I think you said 400 or 500 basis points embedded. And correct me if I'm wrong, maybe you could just reiterate again what the reported outlook is for the year in terms of any -- if there's any other adjustments going on, just to be clear.
Josh Whipple: Yes, absolutely, Thanks, Darren. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we said for the year is a total of 300 basis points of FX headwinds. And what I would say is, our expectation for the core business remains exactly the same. Constant currency adjusted net revenue growth of 10% to 11% and then answers your. Constant currency adjusted earnings of 17% to 20%. If you look in our press release, Schedule 10, we've given each of the components where you can go ahead and break that out. But hopefully, that's helpful and answers your question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Kupferberg: I just wanted to start with a question on the pending acquisition and divestiture as we think ahead to the close of both of those in Q1. I think last quarter you said that the EVO earnings would offset the lost earnings from NetSpend consumer. But I just wanted to clarify, is that comment based on full run rate synergies being achieved at EVO? I'm just trying to understand whether in 2023, there's any net dilution here or not?
Darrin Peller: Yes. No, thanks. So as you think about NetSpend and EVO together, depending on timing, they -- it's pretty much an asset swap where they're offsetting one another. So we would expect that to go ahead and be neutral from an overall accretion dilution perspective.
Cameron Bready: Jason, the only thing I'd add to that is you are correct. The commentary we provided last quarter at full run rate synergies, EVO transaction and NetSpend transaction do offset each other as an accretion dilution matter. They're roughly neutral. So that does obviously assume we get to full run rate synergies on the EVO transaction. I'd say it's really too early to comment on 2023. We'll obviously provide more color as we get into the early part of the year, and we have better line of sight on the timing of it close. As you can imagine, to Josh's point, the timing of close of each of the individual transactions will drive kind of the outlook for 2023. But if we think about the long-term trajectory of the business, swapping out the consumer business for EVO, a business with better revenue growth potential, better margin profile, and obviously a strong kind of earnings contributor over time when we get to full run rate synergies, we feel like it's a very good better positioning of the business for lack of a better term for the long run.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood. And then just as a follow-up, I think you've steadily raised margin guidance this year, each quarter to a level that's well above your cycle guidance. I think you've gotten a little bit of benefit from exiting Russia, but I just wanted to understand a little bit more the underlying drivers you would point to that are driving the outperformance? And then if you can just make a quick comment on Q4 growth expectations for issuer?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, I'll start, Jason, it's Josh and Cameron to comment as well. So I think the fundamental driver of expanded margins is better transactional underlying performance. I know you know how our model is constructed, but the more software we sell, the more transactions we do, you look at the 11% revenue growth, the 11% volume growth. We announced today in the merchant segment, you look at the acceleration of the issuer segment, up 4.2% core versus 4%. And in the second quarter, Josh will content on the guide, but we expect an increase in the fourth quarter. When you see those things going up, those things all come in at a very high incremental margin at the end of the day. So, I would say the fundamental operating performance the Company is what's really driving the expanded margin throughout the year and as we head into the fourth quarter. Josh, you want to talk a little bit about the fourth quarter guidance.
Josh Whipple: Yes, absolutely. So I think the question was with regard to issuer. And look, throughout the year, we've seen a really nice trend in the issuer business, 1Q to 2Q, obviously, and then 2Q to 3Q, we saw 20 basis points of growth there. And what I would say is based on the internal metrics that we're seeing now would suggest that through the first month of the quarter, that things are consistent with regard to what we saw in September, which Jeff had mentioned just a moment ago. So, we feel very, very good about the trends of the underlying business with an issuer, and we expect to see those trends continue into the fourth quarter.
Cameron Bready: And Jason, it's Cameron. I'll just add one final point to that, and it's just reiterating something that we said, I said relatively consistently. We're very focused in the business on profitable growth, right? We really do emphasize making sure that we're growing in a way that has flowed through to profitability that allows us to continue to expand margin, the mix of our business, particularly in merchant towards more technology enablement, software, et cetera, to Jeff's earlier comment, positions us well to continue to drive obviously attractive margin expansion in the business. But it's all sort of premised on a belief that we want to focus on profitable growth, and we're not just booking kind of revenue growth for the sake of booking revenue growth, but it's flowing through and driving profitability for the business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Keane: Just wanted to make sure we knew kind of maybe percentage of revenue of some of the areas, the pockets of weakness, Asia Pacific, U.K., maybe Canada, just so we have that in our models.
Josh Whipple: Yes, Brian, it's Cameron. I'll jump in. So, we've talked about U.K. before. It's about 5% of the merchant business, roughly 3% of the total company revenue Canada is roughly the same size. It's actually slightly larger than the U.K. market, but again, going to be in that sort of a little over 5% range and again, 3% on the total company. Asia Pacific, it's more pockets of Asia Pacific. So it's probably 1/3 of that size for the U.K. and Canada, where we're seeing a little bit of weakness, given the COVID-related restrictions and lockdown. So I would say not material and Brian, we've talked about for a long time. We don't need every market, every geography, every channel to perform perfectly for us to hit the expectations that we have for the business. And I think this is a really good sort of example of that. The performance in the quarter was very much in line with the expectations we have for our overall business, 11% constant currency revenue growth, excluding Russia, which again, is very good growth in that portfolio, notwithstanding again, not everything is going perfectly in every market around the globe. So that's our expectation as we move forward. We'll continue to see pockets of areas that may create challenges, but we feel poised to continue to produce growth consistent with our cycle guidance for the merchant segment.
Bryan Keane: Yes. No, definitely, you can see that in the volumes. And then maybe, Jeff, just as you think about the macro, if it does deteriorate, I know a common question you get and we get is. What kind of contingencies do you have in place to potentially protect EPS growth, if the macro would deteriorate further?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Good question, Brian. I don't think you have to look any further than our history to see how we've operated in more challenging macro environment than the one that we see today. A great example would be kind of early on in the pandemic when we took an incremental $400 million of annualized cost saves out in a couple of weeks, of which $200 million was permanent. That was probably six to nine months, March of '20 after we closed the TSYS merger. Of course, we're -- as we announced, we're to continue to expect to close the EVO merger in the first quarter of '23. When we do deals even beyond the normal operating environment, when we do deals, we have the ability to accelerate the synergies. If you go back to our commentary on the synergy expectation for EVO, it's $125 million of annualized expense synergies. I think we've assumed at 1/3 of those is I think what we said at the time on August 1 would be phased in that's the realized number in the first year. Obviously, we've an ability to move those around and accelerate those. So, we have a track record of over-performing on our synergy expectations on the cost side. And we also have the flexibility as we did in the case of the TSYS merger and even the Heartland merger from accelerating synergy realization, if that's kind of what we need to do. So listen, as we think about it and as we said in our prepared remarks today, the internal metrics through the first three weeks of October are in a really good place. We don't see any kind of broad-based evidence of any impact from the macroeconomic environment. Having said that, we have plenty of levers that we can pull to manage to our expectations for '23 and beyond, I think if you look at the history, you'll see how we've done that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
James Faucette: I want to follow up on Brian's question there on EVO and you mentioned the synergy potential. As you've kind of started to look more closely at that business, can you talk about like what are the puts and takes that at least at this stage, think could come from that could move those synergies around? And what are you finding there that maybe is encouraging you to feel like a little bit optimistic in terms of potential to do more there than you've outlined?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, it's Jeff. I'll start, and I'll ask Cameron to comment, too. It's a very good question. So now we're through the HSR regulatory period here in the United States, which is really the primary hurdle for us to proceed. We're starting our integration activities imminently. So obviously, we continue to do more work. What I would say is, for sure, the B2B assets, as we said, at the time of the announcement of the transaction on August 1, we think are highly attractive. I have spent time with Jim, who's done an excellent job at EVO reviewing their B2B business, particularly meeting with their software developers in Anaheim and a bunch of their operating businesses in Tampa and elsewhere. I'm more bullish now even than I was on August 1 about opportunities in the B2B. As you know, Global Payments ex-EVO for the time being, has very aggressive targets and what we think we can do with our B2B business. We expect that business to grow MineralTree in particular, 20% plus the calendar year that we're in today. In 2022, and that's before the addition of EVO's assets. So, I was very impressed with where they are. On the development and software side, I think Jim and the team in Anaheim and elsewhere have done a terrific job and very excited about the opportunity to combine go-to-market strategies and realize additional revenues in combination with B2B. Cameron, you want to talk for detail?
Cameron Bready: Yes, James, it's Cameron. I'll add a couple of other comments. I would say, in addition to B2B on the revenue side, I think we're particularly excited about the prospects of bringing our product particularly our commerce enablement solutions to EVO's international markets into the U.S. portfolio as well. But certainly, internationally, EVO's done a great job sort of building payment businesses in these markets, but they're product set is very payments oriented. And I think we have a significant opportunity to augment what they're doing in market today, particularly in markets where we don't operate by bringing our commerce enablement solutions, some of our other products and solutions, particularly on the software side to those markets. So we see very strong, I think, revenue opportunities coming from that. And then secondly, more on the expense side, obviously, we have very much duplication in markets where we overlap. So U.K., Spain, Mexico. And then that gives us and certainly here in the U.S. market, of course, across the integrated channel and then EVOs more traditional merchant business. Those areas are obviously going to provide meaningful opportunities for expense as we rationalize technology, operating environments, go-to-market strategies across those overlapping businesses. So I would say sitting here today, we have high confidence in the synergy targets that we provided. Certainly, I think there's more revenue upside there that we can tap into as we progress in time and we bring the businesses together, but certainly feel very good about our ability to achieve the 125. And in keeping with past practice, we're hopeful we'll find opportunities to even exceed that as we bring the two businesses together over the next few years.
James Faucette: That's pretty color gentlemen and then follow-up question. Obviously, it's not as important a topic right now as it was maybe a year ago, but I'd love any update on how you're seeing your place in the BNPL ecosystem develop? Are you seeing more of the BNPL integrations with Global to try to drive more scale as opposed to those providers -- the BNPL providers trying to add merchants one by one? And I guess maybe more generally, are you still bullish on Global's place in the ecosystem as time goes by? Any update there would be helpful.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, James, it's Jeff. I'll start and ask Cameron to join too. I'll speak to the issuer side first. So we've made a tremendous amount of progress on the issuer side in BNPL. And I think given our advantages with the 1,500 financial institutions pre EVO, that we have relationships with today, our perspective is providing BNPL technologies and services to regulate a responsible BNPL providers or used to extending credit and provide AML and KYC is absolutely the right thing to do. We have a number of customer implementations underway, particularly outside the United States, in the United Kingdom for the BNPL and the take-up rate from our FI traditional clients and issuer has been very high. In fact, I would say, I don't think we've ever had, as we said in the slide, so more of an implementation pipeline post merger in issuer. And I don't think the funnel of opportunities beyond that in terms of what we're pursuing, which includes BNPL has never been greater. So, I think our strategy go along of aligning with market share winners and the most successful traditional financial institutions as well as fintechs, including in particular in BNPL has been absolutely the right thing to do. We're seeing a lot of traction in that area on the issuer side. Cameron, do you want to comment on the things we're doing in merchant?
Cameron Bready: Yes, certainly. On the merchant side, we launched our BNPL as a service solution earlier this year in the first quarter. That allows our merchants to tap into whatever BNPL provider they want to work with through our rails. So end of day, as we talked about over a period of time, BNPL ultimately is just another alternative payment mechanism. Our objective is to provide our merchants the opportunity to utilize us for all of their payment requirements, to make sure that we have the rails to tap into whatever BNPL providers, are in the marketplace. We're providing consolidated settlement reporting, data analytics and all the value-added services we're able to provide to our merchants, and we're doing that today. Not surprisingly, and to your point, we are seeing plan for that, obviously slow in light of just what's transpired over the course of this year. But again, we've done what we said we would do, which would position ourselves to be able to provide BNPL as a service, tap into all the major BNPL providers in the marketplace today and allow our customers to have choice, our clients to have choice around who they work with to the extent they want to offer BNPL capabilities to their consumers on any given day. So, I feel good about how we're positioned strategically there. We're not in the business of taking sort of credit risk from consumers. So, it's not a service we're providing on our own balance sheet, but we're providing the technology and the value-added services or our customers are looking for, excuse to be able to work with any BNPL provider they choose to.
Jeff Sloan: I'd also add to your last point there, James, if you look at our e-comm omni numbers, which we reported again this morning, those remain in line or ahead of the market as represented by the e-comm omni numbers for Visa and MasterCard is now 30% roughly of the revenue of our company. So, we've been in line/accelerating/multiples of where the market's been growing. We wouldn't be in those positions if we didn't have a hypercompetitive offering via the UCP, which we've been talking about, I think, for four years plus now. So, we feel really good about where that business is. Obviously, BNPL is a piece of that business, but we're very pleased with the continual growth in our card-not-present business as measured by our performance relative to the market.
James Faucette: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna. Please proceed with your question.
James Friedman: Congratulations. I want to also ask about issuer. So on the commercial side, that I think you said 25% transaction growth. Is that related to comps? Is that the marriage of the strategy or -- or is that a reflection of the types of accounts on file you're boarding? Any color you might have on commercial would be helpful.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Jamie, it's Jeff. So, I think it's really related to just that fantastic business in the commercial card area. So as it relates to the comparison, we've seen sequential improvement throughout most of 2022, very similar to what you saw from the card networks in the commercial card area as corporate cross-border travel, which is really what commercial is for us for a bunch of large issuers really recovers. The other thing I would say is, 25% as an average, we got a bunch of people on the corporate side who are growing 50% north of that, right? So well, that's the aggregate of a lot of financial institution issuers. We have some issuers, money center banks, who are growing at multiples of that number today. So that business remains very healthy. I would also add that, that is part of the AWS modernization efforts. So that applies not just the TS2 and consumer, but also to commercial card. There's two elements to that. One is the technologies that we're developing in commercial card. You may remember that Citi earlier this year, Citigroup, signed an eight-year extension with us in the commercial business to the end of this decade really. And I think part of the confidence that large smart institutions like that have in us is the modernization efforts we're undertaking. The second thing I would say, as we announced this morning and also throughout the year, is diversifying the revenue stream into fintechs. So, I think we announced today in our B2B businesses and the commercial part for us is really a core part, and in some cases, the entry way into B2B, we announced today deals with Ramp deals with Extend as we think about expanding beyond traditional financial institutions, which has obviously been terrific for us into fintechs and start-ups. I think B2B in commercial card is a really good place to do that and leveraging the relationship, the unique relationship we have with AWS, as well as the cutting-edge technologies we're building there is showing in the results that we've been producing the last couple of quarters in commercial cards. So it's really not the comparison so much as it is ongoing strength and recovery in the corporate travel marketplace.
James Friedman: Okay. Thanks for that Jeff. And there's a lot of good color on Slide 6 on issuer. So about the -- is there any reason why you're excluding Caixa, I think you said in your prepared remarks, you're excluding Caixa. If I heard that wrong, I apologize. But what's the logic there?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, it's Jeff again, Jamie. Caixa is not in that number because we're ready to go to contract shortly. So until it gets into the implementation queue, so that's like an implementation number, Jamie, which means we intend to board the relatively immediate term. Caixa is ready to go to contract shortly. The LOI was executed earlier this year. Once it gets slotted into the pipeline for conversion, then we'll add it. But if you add that number in, Jamie, then you rollover $100 million in the pipeline accounts on file on a base business that's whatever the number is $700 million, et cetera. So that gives you some sense, Jamie, as to the embedded growth opportunity carrying for the next couple of years in the issuer business. So, I expect that to flow in, in '23. But I don't expect that -- I didn't expect, it's consistent with our expectations to have that in the third quarter because the contract is going to be signed shortly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Davis with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
John Davis: Just wanted to touch on the margins here. I think, very consistent, elevated. You're raising margin guidance every quarter this year despite a lot of your peers kind of doing the opposite. And so Jeff, is this pull forward are you being a little bit more aggressive ahead of what could be a macro slowdown? Are these just opportunities in the business that you're seeing kind of top line better operating leverage? Just trying to just understand whether or not this is kind of a pull forward from the expense base or if we can expect kind of similar to cycle guidance going forward in '23 and beyond?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, John, it's Jeff. It's not a pull forward. I mean, as I said, in response to a couple of questions ago. The fundamental driver of margin improvement is terrific growth. So when you look at the things that are driving the growth of Merchant as Cameron alluded to, our software businesses, our higher-margin businesses that are technology-enabled as those grow faster than market rates, which we reported again this morning, that is going to drive outsized margin performance. And I think that's what you're seeing in merchant, which had 50-plus percent margins for the second time in a row this quarter. On the issuer side, it's a very healthy growth profile on Issuer. I think Josh alluded to this. It was 4% core constant currency in the second quarter, now 4.2%. As Josh said, our expectations for north of that in the quarter we're in right now based on the metrics through the third week of October. So when you have businesses that are probably 80% plus incremental margins relative to a 40% average margin number growing at above market rates, you're going to drive better margin returns. That's the fundamental thing. The second thing I would say, as you alluded to is, look, we provide ourselves in execution. We've got a long time here making or exceeding our margin targets. So we are appropriately cautious throughout the back half of this year heading into next year. But no, our expectations, EVO remained for normal margin enhancement heading into next year, I think EVO and the disposition of NetSpend provide opportunities for accelerated margins when we get there. But I think for the time being, it's really driven by 11% fundamental growth in merchants, 6% fundamental growth in issuer if we keep doing that, we're going to keep expanding margins.
John Davis: And then just as a follow-up. I think you've commented either in the prepared remarks or response to a question that you expect the MineralTree to grow 20-plus percent. Maybe just spend a second to help us understand how MineralTree will fit with the B2B assets. You said you're more excited about EVO's B2B business, but obviously, that's questions we get a lot is just the B2B strategy going forward. So maybe just how MineralTree specifically fits with what EVO has in B2B, that would be helpful.
Cameron Bready: Yes, John, it's Cameron. Maybe I'll jump in, and I'll ask Jeff to chime in with any other additional comments. So if you think about the B2B strategy, I'd break it down into its individual building blocks because ultimately, end of day, what we're trying to achieve is sort of fully integrated B2B offering, where we have software at the heart of our ability to provide accounts payable, accounts receivable solutions with money and money outflows for largely mid-market customers and obviously, enterprise customers to the extent we want to scale into that market as well. So if you think about that as a sort of core underlying strategy, obviously, MineralTree is the base foundational asset to support our AP software automation capabilities. It will complement, obviously, or EVO, I should say, will complement what we have with MineralTree by providing, again, the core foundational AR software capabilities, again with the integrations into the largest ERP providers in the marketplace today. So -- if you think about the B2B strategy, much like we've done on the merchant side. The foundation of that will really be software driven by both AP and AR software solutions. And we'll wrap around that to the ability to provide, again, money in and money out solutions to our customers in the B2B space. So their ability to accept payments, obviously, of course, on the merchant acceptance side, their ability to make payments and outflows on the AP side all of that in a fully integrated package that we can sell either as micro services or any one of those solutions or as a fully integrated package again into that market. So I think the attractive part of EVO as we talked about before there are many attractive elements. One of the most attractive developments is the AR automation software that they bring to global payments and how nicely again, it complements the overall B2B strategy that we're trying to build out here.
Jeff Sloan: John, I'll just add to what Cameron said, so this is in our prepared remarks this morning, but I want to highlight it. So one of the largest software deals that MineralTree's ever recorded, Grupo Bimbo was just done in October, which is something we called out the quarter we're in. Obviously, that's terrific news. We've also gone very on ground in the cross-selling of our virtual card business into our traditional financial institution base. On the Issuer side, I gave you a few examples, in our prepared remarks, too. So Cameron's absolutely right in terms of go-to-market. There's tons of opportunities and low-hanging fruit on the TSYS issuing side, leveraging the 50 million-plus virtual cards we do every year and the 30 billion plus in volumes we do already in virtual cards. So we feel really good about where that business is headed. And our focus is to continue to build momentum in B2B heading into '23. And then obviously, EVO, as Cameron alluded to, brings us a whole another universe of opportunities. So very pleased with where we are. I'm really excited about the trajectory into '23.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Napoli: Jeff, over time, you've been on the forefront, I think, in Global Payments of innovations in the payments industry. As you look at the industry today globally, it's becoming more and more global, I think a lot of the innovations, what areas of fintech are you most excited about? I mean there's still a lot of VC going on, I mean, maybe it slowed down somewhat. But where -- is it geographic? Is it fraud areas? Does that mean embedded payments or things a lot like integrated payments, but anyway, just any thoughts around areas of innovation around fintech that you're most excited about?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Bob, I won't belabor the B2B topic because I think we spent a lot of time on this call talking about our B2B strategies and how we do stand-alone and also with EVO, but just to start at the top, I mean, I think B2B is a big driver of our future growth expectations, we talked about last year, about a year ago in our September '21 Investor Day. The second thing I would say is what we call commerce enablement, really on the merchant side of the house, which I know Cameron has touched on. If you look at our recent announcements, with a bunch of stadiums, Mercedes-Benz is probably the most notable. But as we alluded to in the script, more are coming kind of imminently probably before our next call. What's really driving that, Bob, at the end of the day, is the seamless combination of software, digital, mobile in the way that consumers want to be treated. So we've talked about this, I think, in our Investor Day, but pre-pandemic, maybe people got paper tickets, maybe people were okay getting a parking pass, maybe people are okay taking a stub at the parking lot in the stadium, maybe people are right, touching something at the counter and inserting their card. If that's table stakes, I think, for all that stuff to be done digitally, maybe that was going to happen anyway. But as we said repeatedly in '20 and '21, I think the pandemic probably accelerated that migration by three to five years, and that's what we're seeing. So when we're going into RFPs now with stadiums, and we won, obviously, a lot of them, more will come, but just take Mercedes-Benz more recently as one example. All that stuff now is done digitally, meaning your ticket's on your phone, your parking pass is digital also on your phone. When you order something, you can do that from your phone, too, it can be delivered to your seat. You can do it from a kiosk, you can pick it up in a locker. No one wants to touch anything anymore. Another great example of this, we call that commerce enablement, which means it's less about what the point-of-sale device is and more about the consumer experience. Then if you look at something like real estate, and I think Josh and I alluded to Zego today and its performance, same thing. If you go back, Bob, kind of pre-pandemic, people would show up at the landlord's office with their check. If they had a repair ticket to fill out, they fill it down a paper, hand it in. If they wanted their car, they hand in a parking ticket. We don't want those stuff anymore. No one want to touch those things. It's all done on your phone. When you sign up for a new apartment, it's all done electronically. When there's a repair thing, you do it on your iPad when you want your car, you kind of press a button on your phone. So when we think about commerce enablement and the opportunity to seamlessly combine what we've built here, which is software as well as payments as well as a digital environment as well as wallets as well as e-com omni, we think there are only a couple of people in the world who can really provide those services. And I think the rate of our pros growth or implementation provides all the evidence you need to do -- you need to see as to how those undertakings are going.
Cameron Bready: And Bob, it's Cameron. The only thing I would add to that, and I think you touched on this in your question, is the ability to bring those capabilities to markets outside of the U.S. I think is really differentiated for us. So all the innovation that Jeff was describing, we're now in the process of bringing two markets outside of the U.S., our point-of-sale software solutions with the integrated analytics and customer intelligence. We're bringing, obviously, our embedded finance offerings to markets outside of the U.S. as well. So part of what we've liked about our strategy now for quite some time is the fact that by owning these underlying software capabilities and solutions, we control the ability to export them to markets outside of the U.S., again, to drive distinction and differentiation in these markets as they continue to evolve. So I think that is a -- it's a unique sort of positioning for Global Payments and one that we're particularly excited about.
Jeff Sloan: I'd also say, Bob, just to circle back to complete the question. On the issuer side, the cloud sales. So look, when we announced the deal, the unique partnership we have with AWS 2 and 1/4 kind of years ago now. We are very excited, but probably uncertain about the timeline, the path of migration, traditional financial infusions, we're not uncertain about that anymore. I mean, I think now that the world has reopened, I think I've been in Europe, three times for work along with Gaylon in the last few months and that with most of the top financial institutions in the United States, in Canada and most of Western Europe. As I mentioned a minute ago, in addition to the $75 million accounts and implementation for accounts on file, I don't think we've ever had the bucket of opportunities that we have today on the issuer side. And every one of those RFPs comes in and says we want 100% cloud kind of the first day. So I would just say in terms of other areas of focus on the issuing side beyond B2B and both on what we've already described, I think the cloud sales and in particular, I think the AWS cloud sales.
Bob Napoli: And maybe that's just my follow-up. You talked about a number of takeaways quite a few takeaways. How much of that is driven by cloud versus -- I mean pricing, you have a lot of scale, so you have high incremental margins. But what's driving what seems to be an acceleration in takeaways in issue?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, I think it's really, Bob, led by technology. So we really have a technology and product-centric first view of the world. I also think we have excellent people both on the sales and support side and we hear that consistently from our financial institution partners. So listen, as it relates to pricing, I think as with all things in life, you have to be competitive. These are big, smart, sophisticated institutions that run our fees. But at the end of the day, I think it's really driven by the product stack and the technology stack. And I think public cloud or table stakes now in that environment, also dovetails very nicely with our go-to-market on the B2B side, which is also obviously with MineralTree, very cloud-centric. So I think we've got all the elements of successful offering, and it's nice to see the investments we've made over a period of years play out in terms of wins and conversions. Thanks, Bob. On behalf of Global Payments, thanks for your interest in us this morning. And again, happy Halloween, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments second quarter 2022 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about, among other matters, expected operating and financial results and statements about the proposed transaction between Global Payments and EVO Payments.  These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will be also referring to several non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental materials available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Josh Whipple, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan : Thanks, Winnie. We welcome Josh Whipple, our new CFO, to the call today. Josh has been a senior leader at our company for 7.5 years, guiding us through some of the most significant milestones in our history. He's a trusted partner who has played a key role in building a leading technology-enabled software-driven payments business worldwide that Global Payments is today. We also thank Paul Todd for his terrific partnership and the critical role he has played in the successful merger of TSYS and Global Payments over the past 3 years and his 27 years at TSYS. We wish Paul all the best in retirement. We delivered second quarter adjusted results that were the best in our history across our key financial metrics despite the self-evident incremental headwinds. Both our merchant and issuer segments exceeded our expectations on a currency-neutral basis post the divestiture of our Russian business. Importantly, our issuer business generated 400 basis points of sequential revenue improvement on a comparable basis, exactly as we said it would, and our pipeline remains at record levels. And we achieved these results while executing multiple transactions to better align our businesses with our strategy, getting a key new partnership, extending our lead and deepening our competitive moat. First, we're delighted to announce that we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire EVO Payments, significantly increasing our target addressable markets, enhancing our leadership in integrated payments world-wide, expanding our presence in new geographies, further scaling in existing faster growth markets and augmenting our business-to-business, B2B, software and payment solutions. Specifically, EVO provides us with a new presence in attractive geographies such as Poland, Germany, Chile and Greece. It enhances our scale in existing markets, including Mexico, Spain and the U.K. and of course, the U.S. and Canada. For B2B, EVO brings us key technology partners and integrations, including with many of the largest enterprise ERP solutions. And it adds leading accounts receivable software capabilities to complement our B2B and accounts payable offerings, which we significantly augmented with our successful acquisition of MineralTree last fall. At our investor conference last September, we announced B2B as the fourth and newest pillar of our strategy, meaningfully expanding our target addressable markets to include a segment that remains substantially under-penetrated, providing tremendous opportunities for future growth. As we said then, we have the technology and distribution assets we need to compete effectively in B2B post our TSYS merger and already positioned as one of the largest B2B companies globally at scale. This includes technology centered on virtual card solutions, a vast commercial card footprint, massive distribution partnerships with the world's leading financial institutions, data and analytics, market-leading payroll technologies and access globally to non-card-based rails. Our acquisition of MineralTree last October provided us with a leading cloud SaaS accounts payable business, which grew 30% in the second quarter and is now operating at EBITDA breakeven ahead of plan. We've been on the lookout for an accounts receivables business corollary to complete our B2B go-to-market offerings. We believe that EVO now provides that missing link. Cameron will provide more details on the tremendous value creation opportunity in combining EVO with Global Payments. But let me start by expressing how delighted I am to welcome EVO team members to Global Payments. The transaction is expected to close no later than the first quarter of 2023, subject to regulatory and, of course, EVO shareholder approvals. Second, we are thrilled to announce Silver Lake, the global leader in technology investing, has committed a $1.5 billion strategic investment in Global Payments in the form of convertible unsecured senior notes. As an expression of their confidence in our long-term leadership role in digital payments and sustainability of our growth, this amount is by far the largest commitment in Silver Lake's long distinguished history. Silver Lake has an outstanding track record of successful investments in technology-driven companies, and we are humbled by their confidence in us as the winner in the digital payments ecosystem over the cycle. This new partnership serves as further proof of the distinctiveness of our model, wisdom of our strategy and position as a leading driver and beneficiary of innovation and payments. A senior partner from Silver Lake will join the Global Payments Board of Directors. We are very proud of the company that we keep. Third, we reached a definitive agreement to sell NetSpend's consumer portfolio to search like capital and Rev Worldwide from $1 billion to further align our businesses with our strategy while simultaneously enhancing our organic growth and margin characteristics. As we said at the time, we announced the strategic review in February, NetSpend's direct-to-consumer portfolio is an attractive set of solutions with a favorable profile, but there is limited overlap between its customer base and our traditional corporate clients. As expected, we will retain Netspend's B2B assets, which delivered strong mid-teens normalized growth in the second quarter and will be included in our Issuer Solutions segment beginning with our third quarter. We're very proud of all that our value team members in NetSpend have accomplished as part of Global Payments, and we have every confidence this business is well positioned for the future under new ownership. We expect this transaction to close by the end of the first quarter of 2023, subject to regulatory approvals. The completion of these important transactions provides us with heightened confidence in the raised cycle guidance for revenue, margin and earnings that we provided at our investor conference last September. Post the acquisition of EVO and NetSpend sale, Merchant Solutions will then represent approximately 75% and of our adjusted net revenue with Issuer Solutions, including Netspend's B2B assets, comprising roughly 25%. The future is indeed bright. Cameron?
Cameron Bready : Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Our acquisition of EVO aligns perfectly with our overarching strategy, reinforcing our position as the preeminent payments technology company with extensive scale and unmatched global reach. EVO furthers our technology-enabled distribution strategy and integrated payments while significantly enhancing our B2B software and payment solutions. The transaction also expands our exposure to additional faster-growth geographies overseas, and provides greater scale in North America and markets in Europe in which we already operate. As a combined company, we are uniquely positioned to deliver an unmatched suite of distinctive software and payment solutions to our combined customer base of more than 4.5 million merchant locations and over 1,500 financial institutions globally. Today, EVO has over 1,500 technology partners and integrations globally that complement our over 6,000 ISV partners across 70-plus vertical markets. We see significant opportunity to bring further value to EVO's relationships by leveraging our extensive distribution platforms and product portfolio as well as our unique partner integration capabilities.  EVO also provides additional avenues for us to distribute our commerce enablement solutions and vertical market software offerings, including our leading point-of-sale software targeted at the restaurant and retail vertical markets. For example, we are already bringing our Vital POS solutions to key international markets where we overlap with EVO, including the U.K., Spain and Central Europe later this year. Additionally, we will be able to capitalize on the distinctive capabilities of our unified commerce platform to provide EVO's enterprise customers with multinational e-commerce and omnichannel solutions, seamlessly blending their physical and virtual requirements across markets and geographies. With our physical presence in over 40 countries globally and ability to transact in over 170 virtually, we are uniquely positioned to significantly expand EVO's value proposition to its existing multinational customers. EVO's accounts receivable automation software and B2B payment solutions augment our existing accounts payable automation and other B2B capabilities, further rounding out our full suite of B2B offerings. Importantly, EVO brings us extensive proprietary integrations to some of the most widely used ERP environments in the market through its Pay Fabric platform, including SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Acumatica and Sage. These integrations are critical to delivering the frictionless automation necessary to improve process efficiency and costs for buyers and suppliers. Together with EVO, we have an unparalleled array of products and solutions that address the business spend management needs of buyers, suppliers and employers, better positioning us to gain share in the B2B market with a vast TAM in excess of $125 trillion annually. Finally, EVO expands our presence in new and attractive geographies with strong secular growth trends including Poland, Greece and Chile and increases our scale in a number of our existing markets, including the U.S., Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, Spain and the Czech Republic, many of which also have strong underlying growth fundamentals. In total, EVO has a presence in 12 countries globally and leverages distribution relationships with 15 financial institutions, creating additional opportunities for us to cross-sell our leading cloud-based issuer solutions, which can be delivered around the world through our collaboration with AWS. Since our merger with TSYS, we have demonstrated that there are significant opportunities to deliver differentiated solutions and drive transaction optimization by marrying, issuing and acquiring capabilities, particularly in Europe, EVO's largest region. The partnerships we have achieved with Caixabank and Virgin Money are marquee examples. Putting it all together, the acquisition of EVO is highly complementary to our strategy and significantly increase scale in our business globally. As I've discussed already, we see meaningful opportunities to enhance revenue through this partnership, further catalyzing the growth prospects in our Merchant Solutions business worldwide. Further, we also expect substantial cost synergies primarily from aligning our business operations and go-to-market strategies, streamlining technology infrastructure, eliminating duplicative corporate and operational support structures in realizing scale efficiencies. Combined, we expect to generate run rate EBITDA synergies of at least $125 million within 2 years post-closing of the transaction. As Jeff noted, the acquisition of EVO presents a significant value creation opportunity while further advancing our strategy to deliver differentiated technology and payment solutions to customers across the most attractive markets worldwide. We look forward to welcoming EVO and its team members to Global Payments. With that, I will turn the call over to Josh.
Josh Whipple : Thanks, Cameron. We're pleased with our strong financial performance in the second quarter, which exceeded our expectations despite ongoing macro concerns, the exit of our Russian business and incremental headwinds from adverse foreign currency exchange rates. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $2.06 billion, an increase of 6% from the prior year and 8% growth on a constant currency basis. Excluding the NetSpend consumer assets, which will now be held as available for sale, adjusted net revenue grew 11% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income increased 14% on a constant currency basis and 17% excluding NetSpend consumer assets. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 43.8%, a 200 basis point improvement from the second quarter of 2021 or approximately 250 basis points, excluding the impact of acquisitions. Excluding the Netspend consumer assets, adjusted operating margin was 45.3%. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.36, an increase of 16% from the prior year or 19% on a constant currency basis. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.43 billion for the second quarter, an 11% improvement from the prior year or 14% on a constant currency basis. ahead of our expectations despite our exit from our Russian business in the quarter. Notably, we delivered an adjusted operating margin of 50.2% in this segment, an increase of 170 basis points year-on-year. Our combined U.S. payments and payroll and integrated business delivered another strong quarter, led by our integrated channel, which again reported mid-teens growth. We also continue to see strong momentum in our POS software solutions, which grew roughly 40% this quarter, and our HCM and payroll business, which grew 20%. Our worldwide e-commerce and omnichannel business delivered constant currency growth in the mid-teens this quarter, well ahead of the trends reported by the networks as our unified commerce platform continues to resonate with customers. To that end, we are excited that we have now expanded our acquiring relationship with Google across UCP to North America following the success of our launch in Asia Pacific late last year. This quarter, we also signed new omnichannel partnerships with multinational retailer, Aldo, and global hospitality company, Delaware North. As for our vertical market solution, we were pleased that the overall portfolio delivered 20% revenue growth compared to the prior year and bookings trends remain strong across the portfolio. We continue to see strong performance in AdvancedMD and TouchNet, the latter of which produced record new sales for the first half of 2022. Further, Xenial continued to realize strong bookings momentum, including increased demand for our kiosk and mobile offerings from food service management customers and new wins with the Winnipeg Jets Canadian Life Center and Ole Miss University in the events and stadium vertical. We also saw local currency growth accelerate across our international businesses this quarter with particularly strong results in the U.K., Spain and Central Europe. I'm excited to announce that we recently signed our merchant referral relationship with Virgin Money, achieving a significant milestone in our strategic alliance combining issuing and acquiring capabilities.  Our Issuer Solutions business delivered $459 million in adjusted net revenue, a 6% improvement on a constant currency basis from the second quarter of 2021, consistent with our expectations and long-term growth target for this segment. Issuer adjusted operating margin of 43.5% increased 60 basis points, excluding the impact of MineralTree. On a reported basis, it was down 40 basis points from the prior year. Our transaction and account on file revenue growth grew low double digits. accelerating from the mid-single-digit growth achieved in the first quarter. Notably, commercial card volumes increased nearly 35% with growth improving throughout the period. We also converted the GAAP portfolio of approximately 13 million accounts, which was purchased by our long-standing partner, Barclays, late last year. During the quarter, we signed long-term contract extensions with multiple clients, including Carrefour in Brazil following its acquisition of the Grupo BIG portfolio in the region. And more recently, we signed a long-term agreement with another market-leading retailer in South America, [SyncOnSet], to enter the Chilean market. This will provide further opportunities for our business with today's announcement of our acquisition of EVO. From a cash flow standpoint, we delivered $432 million of adjusted free cash flow for the quarter, and we continue to target converting roughly 100% of adjusted earnings to adjusted free cash flow for the full year. We invested $168 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and expect roughly $600 million in capital expenditures for 2022 consistent with our prior outlook. On the capital allocation front, we repurchased just over 4.5 million of our shares this quarter for approximately $600 million. Our balance sheet remains extremely healthy, and we ended the period with roughly $2.5 billion of liquidity and leverage of 2.9x on a net debt basis. As Jeff and Cameron discussed in detail, we have entered a definitive agreement to acquire EVO Payments for $34 per share in cash, representing an enterprise value of approximately $4 billion. Silver Lake will invest $1.5 billion in Global Payments in the form of privately placed convertible senior notes, which will serve as a source of funding together with our committed bridge facility from our banks. The convertible note will have a cash coupon of 1%, a 7-year term and a conversion price of $140.66. In addition, as is customary with convertible instruments, we expect to execute a call spread overlay to significantly raise the effective conversion premium. We are very excited to have Silver Lake as a new partner and their investment underscores their long-term commitment and their strong belief in the opportunity ahead for Global Payments. Additionally, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell NetSpend's consumer assets to Searchlight Capital and Rev Worldwide for $1 billion. We also expect the NetSpend transaction to close by the end of the first quarter of 2023. Following both of these transactions, we expect our net leverage to be approximately 3.9x at close. We expect our leverage by the end of calendar year 2023 to be back to current levels, highlighting the substantial free cash flow generation we discussed at our investor conference last September. We expect to maintain our current investment-grade ratings. Turning to the outlook of 2022. We remain encouraged by the underlying trends we are seeing in the business and our outlook for the year remains unchanged, excluding impacts from FX and M&A. On a constant currency basis, we expect full year adjusted net revenue before dispositions to be in a range of $8.48 billion to $8.55 billion reflecting growth of 10% to 11% over 2021. This is consistent with our prior outlook from our May call. Adjusted earnings per share on a constant currency basis are expected to be in a range of $9.53 to $9.75, reflecting growth of 17% to 20% over 2021. This is also consistent with our prior outlook. Also, we are raising our expectations for adjusted operating margin expansion to up to 150 basis points, an increase from the prior outlook of up to 125 basis points. On a reported basis, we now expect foreign currency to be in excess of an incremental 100 basis point headwind for the remainder of 2022, bringing the total impact to 200 to 250 basis points for the year. Additionally, we are now reclassifying NetSpends consumer assets as held for sale in light of our decision to sell the business and therefore, removing it from our outlook for the remainder of the year. Also, effective July 1, we have moved NetSpend's core B2B assets to our Issuer segment as we look to continue to bolster our leading B2B businesses. In combination with incremental adverse FX headwinds, the reclassification of NetSpend's consumer assets to held for sale and the exit of our Russian business we now expect to report adjusted net revenue in a range of $7.9 billion to $8 billion for calendar 2022. We continue to expect to report adjusted EPS in the range of $9.45 to $9.67 for 2022, which includes an anticipated roughly $0.11 impact from incremental adverse foreign currency exchange rates since May. We are maintaining the same guidance range relative to our original 2022 outlook as we are absorbing additional currency headwinds and the exit from Russia, albeit we expect to be toward the lower end for those reasons. This adjusted EPS outlook assumes ongoing pandemic recovery and a stable macro economy throughout the remainder of the year. As our slide presentation today indicates, we expect the acquisition of EVO and the sale of NetSpend's consumer assets to help deliver on the goals that we set forth at our September 2021 Investor Conference. We raised our cycle guidance then to double-digit top line growth and high teens to 20% adjusted earnings per share growth. Upon the closing of these 2 transactions, our merchant business will represent 75% of our company and Issuer Solutions, inclusive of the NetSpend B2B assets will represent 25%. This intentional mix shift will provide us with enhanced confidence in achieving our raised financial targets over the cycle. At full run rate synergies from the EVO acquisition, we expect the combined result of the purchase of EVO and the disposition of NetSpend's consumer assets to be roughly neutral to adjusted earnings per share. In effect, we have swapped NetSpend's consumer assets for EVO, which is consistent with our strategy and core customer focus. And we've done so while concurrently bolstering the growth prospects of our issuer business by retaining Netspends attractive B2B businesses. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan : Thanks, Josh. We effectively previewed the new Global Payments at our investor conference this past September. In those 3-plus hours and 70-plus pages, the 4 key pillars of our go-forward strategy were set forth in detail. Software, owned and partner; omnichannel dominance, exposure to faster growth markets and B2B at scale. I think it's clear now with today's announcements why we are keen then to raise our cycle guidance. We have 2 primary businesses going forward, each of which is growing at attractive rates with enhanced margin characteristics. Organic and of course, inorganic opportunities in each abound with further runway for ample growth. Upon the closings of these transactions, we expect to derive 3/4 of our adjusted net revenue from merchant and 1/4 from issuer and B2B. We have multiple levers in each segment to continue to gain share over the cycle, a simpler model, more geared toward our corporate customers with enhanced growth and margin prospects. In what better way to evidence that confidence in our strategy and the durability of our growth prospects than to have honor of Silver Lake as part of these plans. As we highlighted repeatedly last September, Global Payments is well positioned to maintain and enhance its disruptive path as a partner of choice across our markets. SLP, the most respected global technology investor agrees.  Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Thanks, Jeff. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller.
Darrin Peller : Congratulations on all these. Look, I want to start off I just want to start strategically, when we think about the combination of the businesses now going forward and really much cleaner without the -- without that Netspend side of the business. You historically had been a very software-led strategy where you would grow with software acquisition some acquisitions or partnerships. I know EVO has a great track record internationally with different geographies doing JVs. So can you just touch on what you think the focus of the business is going to be going forward now? I mean is it a little of both? Or do you see more emphasis being on one versus the other in terms of international reach and JVs and really dovetailing on that expertise?
Jeff Sloan: Well, Darrin, it's Jeff. I'll start, and I'll ask Cameron to comment, too. So I would say our outlook on M&A and our target and our pipeline really hasn't changed. We look at, as you said, vertical market software companies, but we've always looked for new geographies and deeper penetration to existing attractive markets concurrently. So as we said in our prepared remarks, doing that and managing our balance sheet effectively are not mutually exclusive. The other nice thing about kind of where we are is that we deliver fast enough. So if you close early in '23, we're actually back at the same leverage ratio by December '23, that we are sitting here in August of '22. So we have a ton of financial firepower. I'd also add that we'd be buying back stock between now and then, too. So we have plenty of capability and flexibility to affect our strategies. But no, it doesn't really change our priorities. We'll continue to look at software companies will continue to look at new geographies. We'll continue to look at further penetration of existing geographies. It just so happens that EVO fits on many of the things that I just outlined. Cameron, do you want to add anything?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin, it's Cameron. I'll just add a few things. One, if you think about EVO through the lens of our strategy, I'd say, first and foremost, roughly 40% of the business today is technology-enabled. So very much aligned with our view around driving growth in our business through enablement of technology around the globe with software as the leader in that overarching strategy is the first point I would make. The second is a key element of our strategy is having exposure to faster growth markets around the world that helped to drive top line rates of growth that are superior but also gives us an opportunity to bring new technologies to those markets to drive, again, even better rates of growth in markets with strong secular growth trend. And clearly, EVO fits the bill from that perspective as well. And then I would say, third, it does bring us software, particularly in the B2B space, AR automation software and B2B payments capabilities that nicely augment what we already have and allow us to continue to build out a technology-enabled distribution strategy around B2B payments. So it aligns very nicely with the B2C technology-enabled strategy we've been building for many years. So I think EVO in totality really complements many aspects of our strategy today and aligned very nicely with the business we've been trying to build over the last decade.
Darrin Peller : That's really helpful. Just as my follow-up, I just want to hone in on the B2B strategy now. This obviously does give you a lot more assets and connectivity with ERP systems for the B2B. So if you could just characterize what you see as the real differentiating way you're going to go to market from a B2B standpoint and really what that can contribute to the business medium to longer term, that would be great.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Darrin, it's Jeff. Great question, I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to comment again, too. So first, let me complement Jim and EVO for building just an absolutely rock-solid and terrific business overall, but specifically in light of your question on B2B business. So we are extremely impressed during our diligence with the team and the culture of EVO, but for these purposes in particular, the B2B assets. So if you back up, Darrin, to MineralTree, which we closed last October, we were looking for an accounts receivable software business to complement the MineralTree accounts payable business, which, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is running ahead of schedule on breakeven. I think 30%, as Ry said, year-over-year in the quarter just ended June. So we couldn't be more pleased with that. If you think about where we're positioned post TSYS, now post MineralTree, post EVO, so when it ultimately closes, we think we have among the most complete at scale worldwide B2B businesses of anybody out there. But I mean probably something like 2/3 $1 billion of revenue coming from B2B, and we're doing it profitably with commercial card, virtual card issuance were TSYS that's $50 million of those a year, and I think $30 billion of volume pay card. And the other thing we said today is we were successful in not just investing NetSpend's consumer assets, but also in retaining Netspend's B2B assets. So Paycard, EWA parts of those not as I said, effective July 1, we'll have now moved over to issuer to the issuer segment. So I think Jim and EVO really bring us the missing link, as I said, which is we have our own receivables businesses, but we don't have the native integrations and ERP that Jen is so smartly built over the last period of time. And in combination with middle trend everything else we have, I really think positions us distinctively.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Darrin, it's Cameron. Maybe just a couple of other tactical points. I can't really emphasize enough the value proposition associated with the proprietary ERP integrations and how that will accelerate our B2B strategy. We're very successful at selling B2B acceptance today without those integrations with those integrations and the accompanying AR software. I think our go-to-market strategy around B2B payment acceptance is meaningfully accelerated, and we're very excited about that. Secondly, and this goes back to a couple of my comments back at the investor conference, when we're able to integrate full AP automation with money in, money out solutions to Jeff point earlier, we have a comprehensive, complete sort of B2B payment offering we can bring largely to the mid-market and going up to the enterprise market. I don't think anyone else in the industry can really touch. so I think it really does highly complement what it is we're trying to do as a go-to-market strategy from B2B with the integrations again being a key emphasis of the value proposition that EVO brings to Global Payments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane.
Bryan Keane : I guess my question is just why now? Obviously, EVO and GPN have been very familiar with each other, both you guys are in the Atlanta headquarters, and obviously, Jim was a former executive at GPN. So just thinking about the timing of this deal and how it came about the GPN approach EVO?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Bryan, it's Jeff. I'll start. So what I would say is obviously a lot more to come from Jim when they file their proxies, so I don't want to jump ahead of that. But I would just say on my side, look, I've been trying. It took me this long to actually get it over the finish line. I said in the context of the TSYS merger, Bryan, a number of years ago, I tried that one for 20 years spending 2 different careers. So maybe I'm just kind of a laggard at what I do, and it takes me a long time to get things over the finish line. But certainly, it's not for a lack of effort. Maybe it's for lack of accomplishment. But listen, we've known, as you've said, the management team and Jim, in particular, over EVO. They've obviously been a customer of bars for a long time. I've been at Global, myself, 12.5 years and obviously, been a customer that holds duration is too large. So couldn't have a better partner really than those guys and could have a better leadership team than the one Jim has assemble then we obviously, as Cameron said, [indiscernible] strategy in the tech-enabled side and especially as we just mentioned, in response to Darrin's question, the B2B side. So we've been trying this. It's nice that the stars aligned from Jim's point of view and EVOs point of view in mind and Global. I would say, as we thought about it, we think that now is a great time to do this, and I'll tell you why. First, we think that our expectations for what this business is going to do reflect the current macroeconomic and FX environment. That's reflected in the terms that we announced today. And 30 per dollars a share, we're paying roughly 10x calendar '23. EBITDA with the synergies fully loaded into it. Prior deals that we've done and other people have done in the marketplace are at 11x and 12x just by way of comparison. And look, as a strategic buyer for Jim and for us, a strategic transaction, our synergies don't vary by the macroeconomic climate. We're going to have those synergies kind of in any environment. So I'm really good at the end of the day, that's something that certainly I at Global Payments have been pursuing for many years that we were able to bring it to fruition. I would just tell you that the 2 teams have at least gelled all together. We've been partners for a very long period of time. We couldn't be more delighted with our ability to announce this today.
Cameron Bready: And Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll just add one other point to that, which is, look, we're about to reach the third anniversary of our merger with TSYS. So the timing is right for us as well. We're ready to take this on as an integration matter. Our teams are excited about the opportunity, particularly what it does to our European business. Essentially, we'll have roughly $1 billion European business now going forward and obviously, the scale and additional capabilities it brings to us in markets like the U.S., Mexico, U.K., where we also have large businesses today. I think the team is delighted to have the opportunity. So the timing works for us well as an execution matter.
Bryan Keane : No, it's an exciting combination. Let me just ask one quick follow-up on the results. On Merchant Solutions, I noticed point-of-sale software growth up 40% year-over-year. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive landscape there? And if you guys are gaining share there because sometimes, I don't know if that business gets high in enough that you guys seem to be doing quite well in the point-of-sale software.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll maybe start and ask Jeff to chime in if you'd like to have anything else. I think we have very competitive market-leading offerings in the POS software space. We're really delighted with the progress we've made in that business. That 40% growth rate in the quarter is probably off of 50% to 60$ last year. So we continue to scale that business nicely with our full suite of kind of retail and restaurant POS capabilities that stem from, again, all the way down to the very small end of the market up to the higher end of the mid-market, even into the low enterprise space with the capabilities that we have. We also launched this quarter, what we call our retail and restaurant Essentials Package, which we're really excited about because it basically brings some of the vertical fluency that exists in the upper end of the market that we have with our retail and restaurant product today, down to the lower end of the market. So they get the benefits of verticalization, but a simpler solution that they can grow and scale with over time into our core retail and restaurant offering. And I think that's going to drive even additional tailwinds on in our POS business going forward. So look, we think we're very well positioned in the competitive landscape. Obviously, it's a landscape that has a lot of intense competitors and quality products that we have to business on ourselves against. But I think our distribution capabilities, the scale we have in the business, the feature functionality, we're able to bring to retail and restaurant customers, coupled with the service offerings that we have I think, really positions us well to continue to grow nicely in that space, and it will be a tailwind for the overall business going forward. And the last thing I would say is somewhat unique about us is our ability to bring those capabilities to markets outside of the U.S. I talked about that in my prepared remarks, but we're bringing a lot of our POS software solutions into Canada, the U.K., Central Europe, Spain, and we'll look to do that further in EVO markets as well, driving further distinction and differentiation in those international markets, again, creating more tailwinds for growth in our overall POS opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning.
Dave Koning : And maybe -- so I guess a couple of numbers questions. First of all, is the $125 million of synergies, does that all fall to the EBIT line? And maybe talk to what revenue and expense synergies kind of are in there?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Dave, it's Cameron. I'll start there, and I'll ask Josh to jump in as well with any other comments he'd like to add. So I would say, first and foremost, yes, we talked about the EBITDA synergies being $125 million, that will flow through to EBIT. There's no sort of acute gains being played around D&A. Those are all EBIT savings as well as EBITDA savings for the business. Look, there's a lot of opportunities on the revenue side. I talked about this extensively in the script, I think overlaying our vast distribution capabilities with EVO business is very attractive. The ability to bring our commerce enablement solution, vertical market software POS capabilities into EVO's existing base of customers. I think is very attractive, cross-selling UCP to EVO's enterprise customers for multinational acquiring, I think, is an attractive opportunity. And of course, EVO's B2B solutions and what that does to our own B2B strategy and go-to-market positioning is incredibly attractive as a revenue growth matter. And then, of course, there's a significant amount of overlap in our businesses. So when we look at an opportunity like EVO, there is obviously synergy opportunities and aligning go-to-market strategies in harmonizing our sales and distribution platforms. Clearly, technology will be a significant source of synergy benefits as we put the 2 businesses together, the operating environment, the customer service environments, the ability to leverage our captive offshore in the Philippines and some of what we've been able to do from a servicing perspective to gain scale. I think all of that drives a significant amount of synergy opportunity in the deal I would say that our levels are at or more attractive even than we've seen in the Heartland transaction and the TSYS transaction historically. So we feel very good about the number. I have a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver it over the 2-year time horizon we outlined in the call earlier today and are anxious to get started.
Dave Koning: And then just a second one on numbers. It looked to us like both revenue and EPS guidance were raised a bit and I think that seems like it still has to include the NetSpend numbers in it. I know you said discontinued ops, but does the guidance still include net spend for the rest of this year?
Josh Whipple: Yes. So what I would say, look, on a constant currency basis, our guide hasn't changed. Our expected growth is still 10% to 11%, which is consistent with our prior outlook. We expect full year adjusted net revenue before dispositions to be $8.48 billion to $8.55 billion, which I commented on in my prepared remarks, after removing the Russia merchant business as well as the second half figures for B and C consumer, we estimate that constant currency revenue would be approximately $8.08 billion to $8.15 billion, and then further, if we adjust to include 200 to 250 basis points of FX headwind for the year, we expect reported revenue to be in the range of $7.9 billion to $8 billion for calendar year 2022, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that you can see in our Schedule of our press release.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Dave, it's Jeff. I would just add, our reported earnings that we expect to report, we essentially kept the original range, to be honest, although we stressed, we probably would be toward the lower end in light of the things that Josh mentioned. But the way to think about it, Dave, I think, is, I think you're right from an earnings point of view because we're getting to the original range that we guided to in February, Dave, and we're absorbing just another $0.11 just from May to today and it was probably another $0.05 or $0.10 or whatever the math was in the first quarter, Dave. So I would say the way I look at it on earnings, in particular, is what you said, which is we're taking actions, which is why Dave the margin is up. So we've raised for the second quarter in a row our margin expectations. So Josh layout the revenue formulation, but certainly from a reported earnings formulation, Dave, we're essentially absorbing all the FX. We're absorbing Russia, and yet we're still in the same range from February.
Dave Koning: Yes. That's clear.
Jeff Sloan: I can tell you as a management team, Dave, I view that as raising it, but you can have your own conclusion.
Dave Koning: Sounds great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal.
Ramsey El-Assal : I had a question on the merchant segment. Margins outperformed our model quite a bit, and yields did as well. Maybe you could take both of those things and sequence and talk about the drivers of margin expansion in the quarter, the sustainability of those drivers as well as what we should expect for yields as we move through the back half of the year?
Cameron Bready: Ramsey, it's Cameron. I'll start and ask Jeff or Josh, to jump in with any other additional commentary. So I would say a couple of things on the margin front. Obviously, I think it reflects continued very strong execution of the business. I'm really proud of our teams around the globe. We've been able to continue to drive, I think, higher levels of incremental margin in the business, which has created an overall tailwind, I think, for margin expansion. I think the second thing we've seen is recovery in markets that have slightly lower margin profiles that have been a nice tailwind to margin expansion as well. Asia Pacific is a good example of that. It grew double digits on a constant currency basis, again this quarter. Obviously, the Asia Pacific region continues to struggle with COVID, but we do see some tailwinds to growth there, which I think creates some overall tailwinds to growth in margin overall. And I would say, lastly, to your question around yields, I think it continues to be a bit of a mix conversation. As our vertical market businesses continue to recover, you'll see that the yield has drifted up a little bit. That's what we forecasted previously, and I think we commented on the fact that we would anticipate that having as we work through 2022. So I think if you look at the business today, excluding Russia, we grew top line. On constant currency basis, about 15%, volume grew about 15%. So that delta between revenue growth and volume was really negligible, showing kind of a better yield environment, some of that due to overall mix in the business, some of it due to vertical markets recovering or continuing to recover to some degree as well.
Ramsey El-Assal : And a follow-up for me. Can you comment on what you're seeing sort of most recently in your kind of quarter-to-date volumes? And just also give us your thoughts on the potential for recessionary impact on numbers? Are you seeing any signs of consumer spending weakening and what you're seeing in your own book? Or what is your view there?
Cameron Bready: Sure, Ramsey, I'll start again. It's Cameron. I think July continues to trend in line with our expectations, relatively consistent, I would say, with what we've seen in June and May sort of time frame. I think the consumer continues to be in a relatively healthy place like you, and I'm sure everyone else on the phone, we watch that very, very closely. But we continue to see, I'd say, good volume trends in the business, very stable, very consistent with what we'd expect. No real sign sitting here today of any material weakness kind of on the consumer front. I think we're still in this period. Obviously, there's a lot of activity during the summer months. I think there's been a lot of pent-up demand for consumers to get out and about and engage more in experiences and maybe less so in goods. And we'll see how that trends kind of through the balance of the year given the overall macro environment we're operating in. But I think we continue to be relatively I'd say, comfortable with how we see volumes progressing through July relative to our expectations.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Randy, it's Jeff. I'd say the same thing is true on the issuing side. We continue to see really strong volumes in issuing in July. We see really good commercial card. I think we actually disclosed it in the slide, 35% commercial car growth in the second quarter and look for those of us, and I would say those trends and expectations are very similar to what you heard out of Visa, Mastercard, Pfizer last week. So really pleased with Live, where we are. I've been in on the road. The last kind of couple of months in the U.S., in Canada, in the U.K., twice by the way, and in Continental Europe. And let's be honest, the airports, the restaurants, the hotels, the streets are packed. So you don't even me to tell you that things are in a healthy place.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Napoli.
Robert Napoli : Congratulations on the acquisition of EVO. You've got a good asset and back together with there, Jeff. Good to see. Just on MineralTree, I guess maybe a follow-up on the B2B business. You called out 30% growth on MineralTree and now that you have the AR assets as well. First of all, is that 30% organic. And what are you seeing you've been able to cross-sell mineral free into your commercial card customer base?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Bob, it's Jeff. I'll start. It's a great question. So yes, the 30% in military is comparable year-over-year. So that's an organic revenue comparison. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's also now at EBITDA breakeven, which we've been able to grow the revenue substantially while significantly improving the profitability. So no surprise to you on your second question that one of our targets is a revenue synergy matter. When we did MineralTree was to cross-sell that into what's now post EVO 1,500 FIs, but like 1,300 or whatever, 1350, whatever the math is today. The pipeline is very deep there. We're very pleased about how the business is executing. We actually brought someone at the end of June to whom MineralTree net reports who's running all of our issuer B2B functionality is terrific and is off to a great start. I'd also say there's a ton of overlap, not just in the FI base but in the merchant base with Cameron's businesses. So no surprise, Bob, that we've been cross-selling into things like the enterprise QSR space. You would imagine that BURGER KING and those types of folks actually procure on. You would think about AdvancedMD, for example, in health care, you think about TouchNet in the higher ed and university. Those are all really good targets for cross-selling. So we're very excited about the revenue opportunities in that business. Cameron, you want to add anything?
Cameron Bready: No, I think I covered the well. The only other comment I would add is, just like we see meaningful opportunities in some of our own software businesses, we see a lot of opportunities with our partners as well, sort of working to integrate MineralTree into their existing software suite of solutions across the 6,000 ISV partners that we work with today. So meaningful cross-sell opportunities. I think when we can marry that with AR software as well, that's going to open up even more doors for us and provide more opportunities to drive faster rates of growth across the entire B2B channel.
Robert Napoli : And then a follow-up just on the operating margin expansion, much better than your guidance than what we had expected in an inflationary environment where it should be tougher to do that. I know you just called out, Jeff, great execution, but can you maybe give a little more color on how youve been able to expand margins in this environment?
A Jeff Sloan: Yes, Bob, its a great question. So I would say, in our business, those things are derivatives of revenue growth. So if you look at what we report and what Josh said this morning, if youre growing like-for-like revenue, and I think x net spend is something like 11% constant currency revenue growth at Netspend, a lot of that is going to fall to the bottom line because our business is all about how we generate incremental rates of revenue growth. So its not surprising to me that we outperformed, maybe double-digit kind of core revenue growth. The second thing I would say, and Cameron touched on this a minute ago is our vertical market software businesses. So for a while that pandemic, we were kind of coming into a recovery in those businesses. As we alluded to in our November call last year, and obviously, our February call, Bob, of this year, those have now returned to comparative growth. So there are a tailwind in the merchant segment that Cameron just mentioned, not a headwind. Not surprisingly, Bob, software businesses come in at a high margin. So our ability to really capitalize on the rates of rebound, I think it was something like 20% or thereabout growth in the second quarter for a brutal market software business in aggregate. Well, you talk about rule of kind of fording in software, well probably rule up 50 and in some cases, well at 60. So not surprising a lot of that stuff is going to drop to the bottom line.
A Cameron Bready: Yes, Bob. The only thing I would add to that is that weve always been highly, highly focused on profitable growth in our business. We dont give our solutions away for nothing. We believe in the value proposition that we deliver to our customers. More and more, were leading with technology, obviously, what drives higher margins in the business and better outcomes. And I think theres really no better representation of that between the alignment and volume growth we see in the business and top line revenue growth. Obviously, we continue to focus very heavily on driving profitable growth in the business and margin expansion is 1 of the core elements that were highlighting as a management team.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman.
Jamie Friedman : Congratulations on the numbers and the transactions. I wanted to Yes, makes a lot of sense. I want to ask about Netspend's B2B exposure. Jeff, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about Pay card. But can you remind us what that does and roughly the size of it, if you have it?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, of course, Jamie. So we actually -- I think Paul said this at the time we announced in February, our strategic review. But it's about $100 million, $110 million of revenue. In fact, in the schedules we produce today, I'm going to say it's schedule to, we actually gave supplemental kind of pro formas as to what it would look like. And you also see that throughout. So you actually see what issuer with Pay card and B2B from Netspend and it looks like, and you see what we're selling without it in there.  But I'll just quote you for memory, having looked at those schedules quite a bit, it's something like $100 million, $110 million Jamie, of yearly revenue in that business. It's mostly Pay card, but there's also earn wage access and some banking as a service businesses in that business, too. And I think as I said in the prepared remarks, it grew mid-teens on a normalized basis in the second quarter. The reason I say normalized is you had some like stimulus effects kind of last year, Jamie. So you have a little bit of the second quarter, there were still signals coming from the federal government. But mid-teens is what it's grown at. And it's a natural corollary to the assets that we have in issuer B2B, which is to say, virtual card, commercial card, the assets we have in Cameron's business in merchant, in Heartland with payroll. So it's a very nice corollary to those businesses.
Jamie Friedman : Got it. And then my second one was about issuer, nice acceleration here. Just wondering what -- and what's contemplated for the rest of the year in issuer, if you could get us oriented with that.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. It's Jeff. I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Josh. So as I said in my prepared remarks, Jamie, right on track with what we expected. Ex-MineralTree, it was 4% constant currency growth, which is what we're tracking, obviously, with MineralTree, we printed 6. So super happy about where it came out. We think we're on a really good track there. As I said last quarter, we have a record pipeline accounts on file and transactions and commercial all accelerated in the second quarter. And based on what we said about volumes and everything else, I think you're going to see that in the third quarter, too, relative to the second quarter. Josh, want to give a little more color on the rest of the year.
Josh Whipple: Yes. Sure, Jamie. So I think if you think -- if you go back to the first quarter, ex-MineralTree, we saw margins expand 50 basis points. And then for the second quarter, we also saw margins expand 60 basis points Ex-MineralTree. And for the back half of the year, we're expecting to see further margin expansion, strong operating leverage, expense management. So we see that accelerating. And then I think it goes back to Jeff's comment around operating leverage. We've seen a nice -- very strong trend from the first quarter to the second quarter from a revenue perspective, and we expect that to go ahead and continue into the third and fourth quarter, which will also contribute to margin.
Jeff Sloan: And Jamie, I would just say in terms of outlook for that business, and I think Josh is exactly right about what we're managing to, most of my trips, especially overseas and outside the U.S. to Canada and to Europe, were with FIs on the issuing side, Jamie, and also obviously, with some of the fintechs on the AWS side.  Look, I would say our strategy there is exactly right. The cloud sells, AWS sells, we were worried we first started this, to say, hey, look, what's the path for regulated institutions to move to the cloud. That might have been true 3 years ago when we first started this. I can tell you that's not true now. So now we have a record pipeline, but kind of the shadow pipeline, which is my view as to what the receptivity and where we are has really never been better. So we're in a fortunate position to have abundance of opportunities. We obviously need to wrestle to the ground and bring those to fruition. But I think the future for that business, particularly the B2B assets in it is really bright. Well, thanks, Jamie. On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental materials. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We are pleased to have delivered yet another quarter of strong results that exceeded our expectations heading into 2022, despite incremental macro headwinds throughout the period. Specifically, we achieved record first quarter revenue, margin and earnings per share with solid free cash flow, and our performance again highlights our business resilience and track record of execution. We are especially delighted with our Merchant Solutions performance, which exhibited ongoing momentum as our strategies for differentiated growth are winning in the marketplace. We continue to see favorable new sales trends across our businesses, providing further evidence that we are gaining share, and our results today reflect those gains. The strong bookings we've been reporting in Global Payments Integrated and US payments and payroll drove attractive growth for both businesses during the quarter. And early this year, we combined these two businesses to unlock additional market opportunities and accelerate growth by creating a more streamlined go-to-market strategy and capitalizing on the best of these two high-performing cultures. We are in the early stages of leveraging our Heartland sales professionals, to increase our penetration with GPI partner customers, as well as harmonizing the cross-selling of our commerce enablement solutions across these channels. We're also excited, we have recently launched the co-selling facet of our Google partnership, and we expect our joint go-to-market efforts will drive significant referral and new customer acquisition opportunities for businesses of all sizes. We also expanded our acquiring relationship with Google, which utilizes our Unified Commerce Platform or UCP, to North America, following the success of our initial launch in Asia Pacific late last year. Further, we remain on track to launch the next phase of Google One and Grow My Business to help our merchants grow faster by connecting additional Google services to our digital platform later this year. Speaking of our leading omnichannel platform, Global Payments is excited to announce a new partnership with Brooks Sports to modernize its payment acceptance capabilities in the UK and across Europe. In addition, we are pleased to be expanding our partnerships in Asia Pacific, including with Hilton, to incorporate new payment features and functionality as well as with the Swatch Group across multiple brands and regions. We're also increasing the scope of our agreement with ChargePoint, the world's largest network of EV charging stations in North America and Europe, beyond our existing card present relationship to now include e-commerce. Our partnership with Citi via UCP that spans North America, the UK and Continental Europe continues to gain traction. And we are currently targeting approximately 300 of Citi's largest Treasury and Trade Solutions customers. We also continue to add new geographies through our partnership, including recently launching in Italy, Spain, Ireland, the Netherlands and Germany. And we expect to be live together in a dozen European countries by year end and will launch 7 additional countries in Europe by early 2023. Across our merchant businesses, we are unique in our ability to combine software harbor and payments across in-person mobile and online channels. As one example, our POS software solutions generated revenue growth of nearly 50% in the first quarter as we continue to see great traction with our verticalized solutions, particularly in restaurant and retail as well as across the Vital platform, which we plan to bring to key International markets, including the UK, Spain and Central Europe later this year. Our vertical markets portfolio delivered strong double-digit growth with a 36% increase in bookings, and we expect these businesses will remain a tailwind for our Merchant growth going forward. In our stadium and events vertical, we have now gone live with our Xenial cloud point-of-sale solutions in Mercedes-Benz Stadium as part of our partnership to enable its multichannel commerce ecosystem. In Enterprise QSR, we successfully completed the rollout of our POS solution with Dutch Bros and will soon be expanding our relationship to include additional software offerings to support the brand's robust growth. We also remain on track to complete the rollout of our Xenial Cloud POS solution to all Denny's and Long John Silver's restaurants prior to the end of calendar year 2022. Further, it's worth highlighting that we signed a new agreement with Focus Brands to deploy Xenial's digital menu board solution across its Auntie Ann's, Carvel, Cinnabon, Jamba Juice, McAlistair Deli, Mode Southwest Grill and Schlotzsky's Deli franchises. Our AMD business delivered another quarter of strong bookings growth of nearly 35% and eclipsed a significant milestone with the number of active physicians and providers utilizing the platform, surpassing 50,000 for the first time. And TouchNet delivered the best new sales quarter in its history, which includes the signing of the University of British Columbia, its largest single International deal ever. Early success in our newest vertical market, real estate, also continued in the first quarter with Zego delivering record new bookings for the period. As we discussed at our September investor conference, we continue to benefit from ongoing innovation in our ecosystem, including Buy Now Pay Later or BNPL technologies. We launched our BNPL as a service marketplace in the first quarter to augment our 140-plus alternative payment methods portfolio exactly as we said we would. Our marketplace allows merchants to provide solutions across multiple BNPL providers in their target markets through a single integration point, expanding our alternative payments offerings on a regulated, compliant and responsible basis while supporting merchant enablement and consumer choice. In combination with our BNPL initiatives through our market-leading issuing business that target financial institutions and retailers, we expect to drive significant growth beyond the 2 billion transactions that we already enable through BNPL annually. Late last year, we announced that we have reached an agreement to extend and expand the scope of our longstanding relationship with PayPal, which leverages our unparalleled e-commerce technology footprint across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific for a multiyear period. And I'm happy to report that we expect to be live with PayPal this quarter in new geographies and additional verticals and will support the cryptocurrencies for the first time, expanding our target addressable markets. Additionally, we are pleased to announce a strategic alliance with ACT, a trusted digital asset platform that enables consumers to buy, sell and hold a range of digital assets. We will be supporting a range of use cases starting with enabling cryptocurrency redemption and customer loyalty programs offered by our bank card clients, expanding our Banking as a Service offerings to include cryptocurrency, and ultimately leveraging issuing technologies for linking virtual, debit, credit and prepaid solutions. We're also excited to announce a broad collaboration with ACT in multinational payment acceptance. Moving to Issuer Solutions. We are thrilled to announce that CaixaBank has recently signed a letter of intent to memorialize the selection of Global Payments as its technology partner for its card issuing businesses. This is the largest potential new customer signing for our issuer business since 2013 and would double our implementation pipeline to its highest level in our history, providing opportunities for accelerated growth over the next several years. In conjunction with our announced partnership with Virgin Money and other recent wins, our relationship with CaixaBank complements our debit strategy and positions Global Payments as a leading debit technology provider across Europe. Virgin Money is a significant competitive takeaway, and we successfully completed the migration of the Virgin Money credit portfolio to our platform in February. And it is our first use case, combining issuing and acquiring capabilities to offer transaction stream optimization solutions, which we expect to go live in the next 12 months. We're also proud to have successfully achieved significant multiyear renewal agreements with UK-based Metro Bank as well as with Ireland-based Permanent TSB, which are two other long-standing TSYS issuer customers where our partnership stands both debit and credit portfolios. Further, we continue to benefit from our strategy of aligning with market share winners. We expect to add another significant portfolio to our record conversion pipeline upon the closing of a sizable acquisition by one of our largest North American-based clients that is expanding in the United States. Simply put, we are winning in our Issuer Solutions business, because we are selling more market-leading technologies to scale leaders through more distinctive and defensible distribution channels in more markets than we ever have previously. Our unique collaboration with AWS is tracking as planned with 10 modernized services now built and available in the cloud. We've already successfully executed over 100 client migrations to our modernized issuer platform and recently announced a partnership with Mastercard to include authorizations, clearing and settlement in the cloud. And we anticipate CaixaBank to be among the first large financial institutions to go directly to the cloud with us by the end of 2023. Together with AWS, our preferred cloud provider for our Issuer business, we now have 39 active prospects in the pipeline, 11 of which are neobanks, fintechs and startups. We also currently have eight letters of intent with institutions worldwide, four of which are competitive takeaways. We are currently participating in several active 100% cloud RFPs with large institutions and retailers globally. Our fully functional modern issuing payment stack operating globally at scale differentiates us in the market. Simply put, the public cloud sells. As we look to further capitalize on our ability to combine accounts payable SaaS technologies with our best-in-class capabilities into market-leading B2B solutions, we're now managing MineralTree as a part of our Issuer Solutions business. As we discussed at our Investor Conference last September, we believe that we already possess one of the largest B2B businesses at scale globally and that our commercial card and virtual card efforts within our Issuer segment are the linchpins of our overall B2B strategies. When viewed in that light, MineralTree's capabilities are a perfect fit for that business. We're delighted that MineralTree's momentum continued this quarter, including 60% growth in virtual card spend for the period and achieving the highest virtual card spend month in its history in March. Bookings grew in excess of 20% this quarter, and MineralTree successfully extended key financial institution relationships with Bank of the West and Fifth Third Bank and went live with Finance of American companies, a large enterprise customer signed late last year. It's worth highlighting that our MineralTree products have now been entered into the AWS co-selling program, which will allow us to accelerate growth with our accounts payable solutions into both the middle market as well as larger enterprises. Our focus on growing our B2B solutions business continues to be successful. We have expanded our agreement with Cracker Barrel to include an EWA partnership across its more than 660 stores in the United States. This adds to our existing Paycard solution relationship and increases our opportunity set with their eligible employees by more than 200%. Also, we recently renewed Paycard partnerships with Big Lots, large travel stops and country stores and Cumberland Farms, collectively spanning over 2,500 locations in more than 47 states. We could not be more pleased with the investments we've made in our strategy that have enabled our resilience during the pandemic and driven the outsized growth we've achieved over the last eight years since we began running the company. At the same time, we seek to continue to refine our portfolio by simplifying the composition of our businesses and focusing on our core corporate customers, including merchants, software partners, technology leaders, corporates and financial institutions. As part of that initiative, last quarter, we announced a strategic review of our Netspend consumer business to sharpen our focus on our B2B assets. I am pleased to report that we have made progress and that there is significant interest in Netspend's set of direct-to-consumer solutions. We look forward to providing additional details on our plans for these assets in the future as events unfold. Before I turn the call over to Paul, I express my deepest concerns regarding the devastating situation in Ukraine. We recently closed on the sale of our United Card Service business in Russia. And we take some solace that we've done what we can to responsibly support our team members and that we've been providing financial and humanitarian support to those impacted. We do not have any operating businesses in Ukraine. This has been a difficult time for all of our team members, customers and partners across the region. Ultimately, our values and culture provided the road map for our decision-making. Paul?
Paul Todd: Thanks, Jeff. We are pleased with our strong financial performance in the first quarter, which exceeded our expectations despite the pandemic, the anniversary-ing of multi-years of stimulus benefits, incremental headwinds from the war in Europe and more recent adverse foreign currency exchange rate. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $1.95 billion, an increase of 8% from the prior year and 9% growth on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 41.1%, a 50 basis point improvement from the first quarter of 2021 or approximately 100 basis points, excluding the impact of acquisitions. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.07, an increase of 14% from the prior year or 15% on a constant currency basis. This performance was ahead of the low double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth we indicated we were expecting for the first quarter on our February call. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.34 billion for the first quarter, a 16.3% improvement from the prior year or over 17.3% on a constant currency basis. Notably, we delivered an adjusted operating margin of 47.3% in this segment, an increase of 100 basis points year-on-year and roughly 150 basis points, excluding the impact of M&A. These results were driven by consistent execution of our technology-enabled strategy. To that end, our Integrated business produced another strong quarter, generating organic growth in the mid-teens compared to 2021, compounding at the longer-term growth rate we target for the business. Notably, in addition to the strength of our POS Software Solutions business that Jeff highlighted, our HCM and Payroll business grew nearly 30%. As for our vertical market solutions, we were pleased that the overall portfolio delivered growth in the high 20% range compared to the prior year. As Jeff also highlighted, we are benefiting from the positive bookings trends we are seeing across our vertical markets portfolio, and we continue to expect our own software businesses will be a tailwind for us this year as the recovery progresses. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we delivered $443 million in adjusted net revenue, a 1.4% improvement on a constant currency basis from the first quarter of 2021 and consistent with our expectations for this segment. Similar to last quarter, we had mid-single-digit revenue growth in our transaction and account on file revenue. We had two offsetting headwinds in this segment as anticipated. Consistent with last quarter, we had continuing headwinds related to our managed services repositioning and some nonrecurring revenue. This impact was partially offset by the inclusion of MineralTree within our Issuer Solutions segment beginning this quarter. Normalizing for these items, our adjusted net revenue growth was in the mid-single digits, consistent with our long-term target. Also ex-nonrecurring items, commercial cards saw sequential monthly growth throughout the first quarter, which we expect to continue. Issuer adjusted operating margin of 42.6% increased 50 basis points, excluding the impact of MineralTree. On a reported basis, it was down 60 basis points from the prior year. Finally, in our Business and Consumer Solutions segment, adjusted net revenue declined in the high teens, consistent with our expectations as the segment lapped two years of benefits from stimulus and higher levels of unemployment assistance. Our focused efforts on our B2B products in this segment delivered double-digit revenue growth for the period. Adjusted operating margin for Business and Consumer Solutions expanded 270 basis points sequentially from the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of MineralTree. Reported adjusted operating margin of 26.1% declined year-on-year, again, due to the lapping of two consecutive years of federal stimulus spending and higher levels of unemployment benefits. From a cash flow standpoint, we delivered $471 million of adjusted free cash flow for the quarter, and we continue to target converting roughly 100% of adjusted earnings to adjusted free cash flow for the full year. We invested $156 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and continue to expect roughly, $600 million in capital expenditures for 2022. On the share repurchase front, we repurchased just over 4.5 million of our shares this quarter for approximately $650 million. At quarter end, we had roughly $1.7 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization, and this remains a key capital allocation priority. Our balance sheet remains extremely healthy, and we ended the period with roughly $2.5 billion of liquidity after repurchase activity. Our leverage position was 2.9 times, on a net debt basis at quarter end. Turning to the outlook for 2022, we remain encouraged by the underlying trends we are seeing in the business, and we could not be more pleased with our financial and operating performance despite the environment. It is worth noting a couple of incremental impacts we now expect that were not reflected in the initial guidance we provided in February. First, we have exited our operating business in Russia, which we estimate will reduce our revenue in excess of $20 million for the rest of the year relative to our prior forecast. Second, we are also anticipating that adverse foreign currency exchange rates will be a more significant headwind to our performance for the full year, than we had anticipated previously. Despite these incremental adverse impacts, we continue to expect adjusted net revenue to range from $8.42 billion to $8.5 billion, reflecting growth of 9% to 10% over 2021 or 10% to 11% on a constant currency basis, albeit at the lower end of this range, given the aforementioned items. This outlook remains consistent with our long-term cycle target for double-digit top line growth. It also reflects the benefit, we expect from a continued pandemic recovery and a stable macro economy throughout the year. To provide some color on revenue growth at the segment level, we continue to expect adjusted net revenue growth for our Merchant Solutions segment to be in the low double-digits range. With the inclusion of MineralTree and Issuer Solutions, we now anticipate our adjusted net revenue growth to be at the high end of the mid-single-digit range. We will, of course, provide updates on the strategic review process for our Netspend Consumer business as the process progresses. On the margin front, we are raising our expectations for the year from the previous anticipated expansion of up to 100 basis points to up to 125 basis points or up to 175 basis points, excluding impacts from our recent acquisitions. This is above our cycle guidance for margin expansion of 50 to 75 basis points annually. Moving to a couple of nonoperating items. We expect net interest expense to be roughly $385 million and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 20% for the full year. Putting it all together, we are maintaining our expectation for adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $9.45 to $9.67, reflecting growth of 16% to 19% over 2021. On a constant currency basis, this reflects annual growth of roughly 17% to 20%. So in effect, we have absorbed the expected incremental revenue impact from Russia and recent adverse foreign currency exchange rates through actions we have taken to enhance margin and preserve earnings. Lastly, I would highlight that from a quarterly phasing perspective, we continue to expect a progressive growth picture as we move through 2022, building on our outperformance in the first quarter. In summary, we are pleased with the performance in the first quarter despite a challenging macro environment. Our Merchant segment continues to excel, and the strong underlying performance, record pipeline, early successes of our modernization efforts and enhanced B2B focus in our Issuer segment position us well for the future. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Paul. I am pleased with our performance during the quarter, which has us on track to deliver record results for 2022. We raised our cycle guidance in September 2021. And our expectations for the rest of the year remain, despite the unprecedented incremental headwinds we've absorbed in the last couple of months. We enter 2022 with substantial momentum, and our first quarter results and guidance provide further support for sustained share gains. Our targets for this year highlight the wisdom of our strategies, while deepening our competitive moat regardless of the environment. Looking ahead, we are focused on maintaining our momentum by continuing to capitalize on the trends of digitization, commerce enablement, software differentiation and omnichannel prevalence, which we discussed in depth at our Investor Conference in September. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session.[Operator Instructions] Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hi, thanks, guys. I want to start off with the merchant side just because we're still seeing volume growth obviously rebound very well. And it's outperforming Visa's volume again on the credit card side, which really, I think, does understate the -- underscore the market share positioning. When you think, Jeff, when you think of the assets you have now, first of all, just remind us on the reopening potential of what's still to come? I know there's some verticals, but more importantly, just strategically talk about the position of the assets, where they can be in the next couple of years and if there's any incremental, if you think that makes sense?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Thanks, Darrin. I think you're spot on in your question. We couldn't be more pleased with the performance overall, but especially in our Merchant business. So let's just start with where you started on the reopening question. As we said, we're very excited this quarter that our vertical markets business has returned to growth relative to 2019, not just relative to 2021. We had, as I think we said in our prepared remarks, high 20s growth in our vertical markets business. Our bookings actually accelerated to mid-30s growth, Darrin, in the first quarter. So actually, our performance has accelerated in a number of the businesses that Cameron can describe within vertical markets. In terms of reopenings, Darrin, there had been more recent laggards, example include active and K-12 have also returned to growth. So we feel really good about kind of where we are there. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we think that's really going to be a tailwind for our business this year and thereafter. Addressing your second question before I turn it over to Cameron to give a little bit more color. Listen, I think as a strategy matter, I think we are very pleased with the resilience of our Merchant business kind of across the board. We've been saying in our Investor Day in September and again reiterated today that a number of elements of our merchant business, including, in particular, our Global Payments Integrated business, which we described the combination of that with our US Payments and Payroll business this morning, that business just reported another double-digit growth quarter in the first quarter of 2022. That business, Darrin, is essentially at the same quantum of revenue as it would have been had there been no pandemic, really, in the first place. So I think as a strategy matter over the next number of years. We have tailwinds from the vertical market segment. As I described a minute ago, and as we said for the last number of quarters, our GPI and our broader Payments and Payroll business here in the United States really haven't lost a step from 2019 despite the pandemic. Cameron, do you want to give a little bit more color?
Cameron Bready: Sure, I'll be happy to. Good morning, Darrin. I would just start with a couple of things. I'll start with the vertical markets that are obviously continuing to cover. Jeff highlighted those, really, K through 12 and active, both of them were up probably about 10 points sequentially from the fourth quarter relative to growth versus 2019. And obviously, that level of improvement helped to push vertical markets overall to growth relative to 2019, which I think is a hallmark obviously relative to the experience over the last couple of years. And it gives us a lot of confidence that our vertical market business is well positioned to be a tailwind for growth for the Merchant business for the balance of 2022 as those markets continue to recover. On the flip side, I want to highlight TouchNet and AdvancedMD, which continue to produce just absolutely fantastic performance. TouchNet again grew double digits this quarter. It's up nearly 40% versus 2019. Levels and AdvancedMD grew in the high-teens, yet again. It's up over 50% relative to 2019 levels. So the vertical markets has always been kind of a tale of two stories. And we continue to see that play out. But now that, the more heavily impacted verticals are recovering, it sets up well for the balance of the year. And just lastly, on the Merchant business overall, I would just say a couple of things. One is, as an execution matter, new sales and bookings trends remain very positive. In aggregate across the business, it was roughly 20% this quarter, again, continuing with a very strong sort of new sales performance across the business. And the other thing, I would highlight to Jeff's earlier point is part of what we like about our positioning is the diversity of vertical market exposure that we have across both consumer discretionary and consumer non-discretionary. So obviously, as the macro continues to evolve over time, we're very happy with how the business is positioned as a diversification matter across vertical markets.
Darrin Peller: Okay. That's really helpful. Very quick follow-up for Paul, if you don't mind. Just on the margin side, what gave you the conviction to raise it by this time around? And what's the cadence of it through the year? Thanks again, guys.
Paul Todd: Yeah. Darrin, so yeah, I mean, obviously, we've been very focused on margin expansion now really for the last two years. But most recently, some of the actions that we took, as Jeff said in his prepared remarks, to kind of offset some of the incremental adverse kind of foreign exchange as well as Russia from on the cost side allows us to kind of tweak up that margin expectation for the year. And as a cadence matter, it kind of progresses throughout the year, kind of steps up as we move throughout the quarters to kind of get to that overall up to 125 basis points. So you saw us, 50 basis points. We'll have another step up in the second quarter. It will step again in the third and another step in the fourth quarter to kind of get us to that overall up to 125 basis points.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Thanks, again, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, this morning. Can you comment on, what you're seeing in April in your Merchant portfolio? And sort of specifically, whether you're seeing any signs that inflationary pressures are sort of tipping from tailwind to headwind?
Cameron Bready: Yeah. Ramsey, it's Cameron. Maybe I'll start and I'll ask Paul and Jeff to chime-in. I would say April trends thus far have been pretty good, and I'd say relatively consistent with what we saw in March. So the short answer to your question is, we're not really seeing, I would say, any inflationary pressure, putting pressure on the consumer to a point that is changing behavior and slowing down the overall level of spend in the market. So as you know, generally, with an inflationary environment, we're going to benefit as volumes continue to tick up, reflecting obviously that price inflation and the overall cost of goods and services that consumers are purchasing to the point, obviously, where there ends up being demand destruction that might offset that. We're not seeing that yet. I think April is trending, I think, consistent with our expectations thus far.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. A follow-up for me, I wanted to ask about debit as an opportunity on the issuer and the issuer business. To what degree does the AWS deal help you move deeper into debit? I think TSYS has been traditionally more of a credit shop. How do you think about debit as we move forward as an opportunity?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Ramsey, it's Jeff. It's an terrific question. So let me just start with the wins that we've already announced, because they have a very significant debit elements. So, if you go back to the fall of 2021, the Virgin Money win, we've already converted the credit portfolio. But the piece that's coming in the remainder of this year really is the debit portfolio. So that's a very significant win for us. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks this morning, we expect to have our relationship along the lines of the digital wallet with Virgin Money, which is going to be very much an environment where we can offer non-bank card rails, I think ACH as well as debit. We expect that to be up and running within the next 12 months, as I said this morning. If you combine that with what we announced with CaixaBank, in February, and now we signed a letter of intent recently, Caixa is one of the largest debit issuers across Europe. We had a bunch of renewals that we also announced this morning, which also are debit-centric, again, in Europe. That all supports the statement we said this morning in our press release and also in our prepared remarks that we do expect to be among the largest debit processors across Europe before you even really get into additional co-sell opportunities with AWS. Let me just start there, Ramsey, because that addresses the first part. On the second part of what you asked about, we announced that we had LOIs and pipelines with a number of FinTech startups and neobanks. With AWS, I think 39 was the number of active prospects that we announced this morning. I think the opportunity there really is in the virtual card side along the lines of debit, particularly with AWS, Ramsey. So in addition to everything I just mentioned with more traditional institutions, which will make us one of the leading debit technology providers anyway. If you think about the virtual cards that we talked about in September, plugged into that what we announced this morning with BACT on the virtual card issuance side, with cryptocurrencies plug into that, the relationship with AWS and the 11 prospects in the pipeline on neobanks, FinTechs, start-ups, those tend to be, Ramsey, virtual card-centric, and those tend to be, in particular, debit-centric as it relates to virtual cards. So I do think over the next 12 months to 36 months, we're going to see a very significant expansion on the issuing side of our debit business. AWS has a really serious role to play there, but so is BACT and really, to be honest, sort of the traditional financial institutions that we've been announcing not just this morning but the last number of months.
Ramsey El-Assal: Great. Thank you so much.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to start on the merchant side as we think about the cadence of growth in the second quarter, specifically thinking about it quarter-over-quarter. I mean, seasonally, I know you would typically see maybe mid single-digit or so kind of quarter-over-quarter growth. And, I guess, if we think about this year's second quarter, you're going to benefit a little bit, arguably, from the fact that Omicron impacted Q1 to some extent. But then you've got Russia and FX, I guess, that kind of go the other way. So make sure our expectations are calibrated properly in terms of how you're thinking about the quarter-over-quarter growth rate in merchant for Q2, assuming that the macro stays relatively stable.
Paul Todd: Yes. Jason, this is Paul. I'll start and Cameron may want to add on top of that. As we talked about even in our last call around kind of the low double-digit kind of growth on a year-over-year basis for the Merchant business, we did have an easier comp in the first quarter i.e., kind of the 16% or over 17% from a constant currency standpoint. And then that kind of low double-digit growth, kind of, continues then for the following, kind of, three quarters. And really, you almost kind of get into just how it compares on a year-over-year basis. Fundamentally, the organic growth is similar. But just on a comparative basis, we, obviously, there's an M&A impact in the first half of the year that's a little bit of a comparative tailwind for us on the merchant side relative to the back half. And so you kind of start at this kind of 16%, north of 16% reported or over 17% constant currency. And then we kind of go down into that low double-digit kind of growth rate for the remaining three quarters. And really, the only kind of noise is just the difference between what we're comparing to from a base matter. Cameron?
Cameron Bready: I think that covers it pretty well. If you look at the cadence of growth in 2021 versus 2020, obviously, in the first quarter, we grew 4%. In the second, we grew 41%. So naturally, you're going to have a very different comp as Paul highlighted earlier. But to his point, obviously, we expect the Merchant business overall to grow double-digits for the full year. And we expect every quarter to be in the double-digit range, obviously, Q1 being the high watermark because of the easier comp.
Jason Kupferberg: Right. Right. Okay. That makes sense. Following up just on issuer, obviously, nice to see the Caixa win. I wanted to see if I caught the comment right that this would be potentially implemented by the end of 2023? And then if you can just talk more generally about quarterly progression of issuer revenue growth for this year just based on how you see the implementation backlog trending? Thanks guys.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Jason, thanks. It's Jeff, and I'll start and I'll ask Paul to talk a little bit about the cadence. So we expect the implementation of Caixa to begin at the end of 2023. So it will have some impact in 2023, but that's really the start of it. And obviously, given the size of that, we'll continue into 2024 and beyond. As we said in our prepared remarks, it's the largest single letter of intent sign we've had since 2013 and effectively doubles the size of our implementation pipeline. The other thing I mentioned in our prepared remarks that the 56 million cards and the implementation pipeline does not include other things we hope to announce in the second quarter call. And I referenced one of those in my prepared remarks, which is the acquisition by a North American Bank of a large US bank, which we expect to have as well. Just to be clear, that's not in the 56 million. So we hope we're in a position when we head into the back half of the year that as we burn through the implementation pipeline, which Paul will talk about in a moment. As we burn through that, we're actually replenishing it and keeping it relatively constant at the record level or thereabouts as it is today. Paul, you want to talk about it?
Paul Todd: Yeah. So Jason, on the step-up as it relates to the revenue growth and as we said on our last call, we did have in this first quarter comparative kind of from year-over-year. But we step to that mid single-digit in the second quarter and then stepped up to kind of that mid- to kind of higher mid single-digit in the third and the fourth quarter for the business, ultimately kind of landing at that higher mid single-digit rate is our expectation for the year. So we have a progressive step-up throughout the year. And as I said on our last call as well, we kind of exited the year at that higher mid single-digit given the conversion activity we just referenced as well as kind of some of the easier comps that we have with managed services and some of the things that we're doing on the repositioning side there. So it's not only just the step up progressively in the year, but it's also kind of the exit run rate, growth rate that we expect to be at when we end the year.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. I'd just add, Jason, what Paul just said that commercial card, which Paul called out in his prepared comments, saw improvement in March versus February, February versus January, obviously, as Omicron waned and corporate business travel returned. We expect that to be much like Visa/Mastercard improving as 2022 goes on. So in addition to the record implementation pipeline, we do see tailwinds coming in commercial card, which really for the last two years or so, Jason, up until kind of February and March was like a headwind.
Jason Kupferberg: Right, right. Okay. Well, thanks for the remarks.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Nice job. And maybe if I can just start out by just the pricing and yield environment. It seems like maybe we're getting into a little better place just with interchange adjustments, maybe your own ability to price, maybe software growing faster than merchant. Like, could we actually see yield start to tick up in coming quarters?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Dave. Look, I think your overall thesis is right. I think we are seeing a relatively constructive yield environment as probably the best way to characterize it. Obviously, vertical markets returning to growth versus 2019 levels is a nice tailwind for yield. You called out the interchange benefits that are kind of flowing through. Most of our pricing, as you know, is interchange plus, but we do have some bundled pricing as well. More importantly, as the overall cost of acceptance goes down for our merchant customers, that's generally a good thing and generally a tailwind for the business overall. So, I would say, we're seeing an environment where a couple of things: one, obviously, given all the discussion of inflation, there is an acceptance the fact that costs are increasing. That's point number one. And point number two, as our business mix continues to shift towards more technology enablement, more software, obviously, we're seeing a positive environment for our own specific businesses as well. So, I think we feel pretty good about how the overall sort of pricing environment is positioned for the balance of the year.
Dave Koning: Great, thanks. And maybe just a follow-up, just a really high level. You've talked about high-teens EPS growth over time. It feels to me like, if anything, as the time goes on, you probably feel as good or better about that high-teens growth. I mean is that fair kind of as we kind of reflect on this quarter in April, like things are as good as ever, long term is greatly intact?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Dave, I think -- it's Jeff. I think it's exactly right, and I'll ask Paul to comment. We raised the cycle guidance to the high-teens to 20% in September. Here, we are in a much different worse, really, macro environment. We just reaffirmed today that those are our targets for this year. So, I think what we've shown is the business is very resilient. As Cameron described, the vertical markets business, which during the recovery, as Darrin asked about, the vertical markets business during the recovery was a bit of a Headwind. Now it's a tailwind. So I think we're in a very good place, as Cameron mentioned, with a balanced business to feel very confident in the cycle-wide almost somewhat independent of the macro environment you've seen the changes that we've seen over the last couple of months to maintain our targets that we've had over a period of time. Paul, you want to make?
Paul Todd: Yes. I would just say we kind of hit on it in the last couple of questions, is just the improving picture. Certainly, on the merchant side, we've talked for several quarters about the tailwind of vertical markets coming back and being an additive kind of growth dynamic. And then, as I just commented on the issuing side, between what we're seeing this year as a progressively stronger growth picture and this pipeline size, as Jeff commented earlier, is the biggest pipeline we've had in really a long time in that business. And then, you kind of couple that with just even as of this morning raising our margin guidance and the things that we're doing on the cost side gives us that kind of additive confidence that, yeah, that EPS cycle guide is in really good shape, and we've got tailwinds relative to the things we've talked about this morning.
Dave Koning: Yeah. Thanks guys, great job.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dave.
Paul Todd: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos from Cowen. Your line is open.
George Mihalos: Great. Good morning, guys. And thank you for taking my questions. I guess just to kick things off, some clarification on the issuer side of the equation. Paul, how much did MineralTree contribute to Issuer Solutions here in the first quarter? And then maybe to just kind of circle back to Jeff's commentary on commercial. How exactly did that perform in the first quarter relative to kind of a 2019 benchmark, if you happen to have that handy?
Paul Todd : Yes. So as it relates to the impact of MineralTree, we were roughly flat on a constant currency basis ex MineralTree. And so obviously, being at the roughly 1.5% growth, that's kind of the right way to think about the MineralTree impact and roughly kind of the right way to think about it for the full year, although we've got some additional adverse FX that comes into play. So that pulls that down. But roughly about 1% or so of benefit as it relates to MineralTree. And then as it relates to commercial card, we still haven't reached back to kind of exceeding the 2019 levels on commercial card. We did, as Jeff said, saw a progressive kind of growth picture and particularly so between March and February kind of the step-up in the growth rate in our commercial card business as it relates to kind of sequential. But as it relates to 2019, we're still not at those 2019 levels. And certainly, as we sit there and look at the overall segment, what we were pleased with is that the overall normalized growth rate of that business from our accounts on file and kind of transactional revenue being solidly in that kind of mid or almost high mid single-digit growth rate. And just putting it all together, when you look at it kind of ex the managed services and some of the non-recurring were kind of solidly in that mid single-digit growth rate for the quarter.
George Mihalos : Okay. That's great. I appreciate that color. And then just shifting gears to merchant a little bit. Can you guys talk about what you're seeing on the international side, I mean those I had I think from my last conversation, with Europe was looking a lot better, APAC better, but maybe sort of lagging, just curious if you can give us a sense of is to how those international geographies have been progressive? Thank you.
Cameron Bready : Yes. George, it's Cameron. I'll jump in there. I think you have that mostly right. Obviously, Europe was a bright spot in the quarter the growth rate was in the high 20% range. Obviously, we've got a little bit of a tailwind from Bankia that we acquired in the latter part of 2021. But overall, organically, it was well into the 20% range from a growth standpoint as the recovery continues to progress kind of across the European footprint. As it relates to 2019 levels, the U.K. is positive, which is good and remains positive, had a very strong quarter. Spain continues to really be the bright spot, along with our joint venture with Erste Bank in Central Europe. Those two businesses are growing at very attractive rates. As we've seen the pandemic accelerate, obviously, the digitization of payments across those two markets to a pretty extensive degree. So those businesses, I think, stand out, again, from a performance standpoint, position in Europe, I think, they have a very strong year overall as the recovery continues to progress. Asia actually went backwards a little bit in the first quarter, and that's completely attributable to the lockdowns in the Greater China markets, in China in particular. So we did see Asia be a headwind to growth. Asia grew overall about 3% in the quarter. Some of that was obviously a negative currency environment. And some of it obviously was attributable to the lockdowns. As that market again hopefully reopens, as we move into the latter part of the second quarter and into Q3, we expect it to get back to more of a double-digit growth rate, which is our anticipation for the region. But obviously, we did have to absorb a little bit of headwind in the first quarter given the continued sort of COVID impacts across the region.
George Mihalos: Thank you, Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks George.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Chiodo from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Timothy Chiodo: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to dig in a little bit on Global Payments Integrated, so the partner business. I believe in the past and pretty recently, you disclosed roughly 6,000 software partners. Just want to talk a little bit about where that number has come from, where it's grown from, how many partners you've been adding on average per year? And then, the follow-up is more around the mix of those and the types of services they're taking. How many are doing online and in-store? And then, maybe the penetration of additional embedded financial services across those. Thanks a lot.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. Tim, its Cameron and I'll start. And I'll ask Jeff and Paul to jump in with any other comments they'd like to provide. So obviously, if you just look back in time, the Global Payments Integrated business grew through the combination of our acquisitions of APT and PayPros. And then obviously, since then has been growing at an organic rate generally in that kind of mid-to-high-teens rate. So if you think about the base of partners that exist in that business today, it's come through largely a combination of those, plus organic growth. And then, of course, lastly, when we merged with TSYS about 2.5 years ago now, TSYS had a portion of their Merchant business that was focused on integrated partners as well, and we combine that into GPI. So, I would say, if you look at the mix of partners, that's largely coming from the acquisitions we've done, coupled with very strong organic growth trends over the course of time. As it relates to new partners, it's hard to give you a pinpoint estimate as to how many we add a year because it largely depends on the size of partners we're targeting. I can tell you in the first quarter, we added about a dozen. And I would say there are three larger partners in that portfolio. In aggregate, they bring us an opportunity for about 130,000 additional mid to be able to add to our integrated business. So those are three really sizable wins and ones that were really attractive or excited about given that, that business has about 600,000-mids in it today. So adding a new population of 130,000 we can go and target is obviously a very good result for us. So in any given year, we'll add well into 20 to 30 partners. Attrition in that business is very low, particularly on the partner side. So we continue to see obviously a favorable outlook for growth in the business over a longer period of time, given our ability to add new partners into the portfolio. And then, obviously get better penetration levels within our partner base-of-mids. As Jeff highlighted in his prepared remarks, we have now as a go-to-market matter combined our U.S. payments and our GPI business. A big part of that strategy is really geared around unleashing our relationship-led sales professionals on the GPI base of partner customer opportunities and really doing that in a more seamless systematic way as we bring the two channels together. The second key element of doing that is to also improve our ability to cross-sell capabilities that we have in those two businesses into the underlying base portfolios. And we've already launched lending into our GPI business from our U.S. payments business in the first quarter. We're going to add more products, obviously, as a cross-sell matter into that over the course of time so to speak. So the last part of your question, which is our ability to embed more value-added services, more commerce enablement solutions into the overall GPI portfolio, is really going to be enhanced by bringing those channels together, as we're able to obviously unleash more capability into that environment as we have a slightly smoother kind of go-to-market motion across the U.S. business by merging the two channels.
Timothy Chiodo: Great, Cameron, I really appreciate that the update on GPI. Thanks a lot.
Cameron Bready: Absolutely.
Paul Todd: Thanks, Cameron.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trevor Williams from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Trevor Williams: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I just want to clarify on the full year guide. Paul, you walked through the puts and takes relative to when you first gave it last quarter. Just on the macro assumptions aside from the FX impact, is there any change to what you have built in for consumer spending for the rest of the year? And correct me if I misheard it, it sounds like you're still expecting progressive improvement throughout the year? Can you just remind us there what sort of macro trajectory is built in to track to the low end, the midpoint and the high end of the guidance? Thanks.
Paul Todd: Yes. Trevor, I mean, as it relates to macro in each one of our businesses, we kind of build that into the fundamental kind of how we're building up based on what we're seeing and obviously, what -- depending on the segment, what we're kind of forecasting for our customers and so on. So, nothing has changed with that kind of rationale with the way we looked at. And we did, as we said last time, that we do, as you kind of referenced, assume a progressive kind of recovery, and things kind of continuing to get back to a kind of a more normalized state. With that being said, we've always said, we don't kind of build protection into the kind of model. So, we just kind of have based on all of the way we do our forecasting across all of our businesses, that kind of embeds in, what we're expecting from an overall kind of normalized standpoint. So, I wouldn't say, there's anything kind of incremental that we've built in. It's just been that kind of more normalized kind of growth and return to normalcy. And with that being said, we do provide for some kind of non-protection as move along that pendulum there.
Trevor Williams: Okay. Perfect. No, that's really helpful. And then just as a follow-up, on Issuer, I was just curious on the pricing and competitive environment, particularly in the US, I mean, with where the implementation pipeline is, the Caixa win, and clearly, you guys have a lot of momentum in the business. But in the US, there's been some narrative in the market just around some of your big competitors starting to get a little bit more aggressive on pricing. So I was just curious to get your updated view on the competitive environment in the US and how the repositioning of the business with the AWS partnership, how that fits into kind of how you've seen the market evolve there over the last couple of years. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Trevor, Jeff. I would say that the competitive environment really hasn't changed in issuer. It's always been very competitive. I think the one thing that has changed and we've seen this more recently, is our ability to really lead with technology, particularly in the partnership with AWS, which is really unique to us. So, I don't think a bit of landscape is any different now than it was certainly when we did the merger two or three years ago, to be honest. And that's kind of what we're seeing. But I do think we have unusual things to bring to the table, particularly as it relates to our service, the quality of our technology, our unit collaboration with AWS. If you go back to what I think we said in February, we think we believe that one of the reasons that CaixaBank selected us and they went through a full RFPs is because they looked at our technology, they looked at where we were in the public cloud, they looked at AWS, and they came to the point of view that, this is an important strategic decision for them. And I think that's as good a touchstone as any. I think the 56 million accounts on file as a record implementation pipeline really is another. So, I think if you look at kind of what our guide has been in that business, Paul described progressively increasing throughout the quarter, if you look at where I think we'll be over the next 12 to 24 months in that business, which I think is a pretty good trajectory, I think that kind of tells you what you need to know about the pricing environment as well as the mode of competition, which I think has really shifted toward end-to-end technology leadership. So if anything is new, Trevor, it's being, first and foremost, with technology. And I think what we have is really unmatched at scale in our industry.
Trevor Williams: Thats great. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey, Jeff, Cameron, Paul. Thanks for taking the question, good to hear from you. I was wondering if you could talk to what specifically commercial card normalization would add to your expectations through the course of the year, if you could talk about that?
Paul Todd: Yes. Well, Ashwin, this is Paul. We have kind of a more normalized or certainly a progressive kind of recovery on the commercial card side kind of built into, obviously, the guide that we talked about of the higher mid-single digit. And so that [Technical Difficulty] if you will, on the commercial card side, is built in. I would call it maybe a kind of point maybe of additional growth. And certainly, as I commented earlier, we still, even with kind of this improving picture, still are not back to the 2019 levels. And so as we move into 2023, obviously, there could be some incremental kind of tailwind into 2023 if we kind of get back to that kind of 2019 level. We'll just have to see how things progress. What I'm particularly pleased about, though, is what we've seen so far this year. Because obviously, in the fourth quarter, we had seen some pullback in the latter part of the fourth quarter relative to commercial card, and we have seen that come back. And as I said, particularly, we saw it in March volumes versus February, but we still offer aggressively kind of core picture. So we are seeing it coming back, albeit not yet to that 2019 level. But that would be roughly the right way to think about it, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Got it. And then just a clarification with basically unchanged revenues where you're absorbing a lot of different factors, but higher margins. The EPS offset, is that completely on interest expense? I might have missed that. Or if you could walk through some of the below-the-line items.
Paul Todd: Yes. So we did kind of tweak up kind of the interest cost. In the prepared remarks, I commented on relative to the environment that we're in with the rate increases. And so that's baked in. So we're absorbing that in what we're doing from a cost standpoint. So yes, I mean, kind of we commented, I think, in the prepared remarks, that's what we're pleased with this we're kind of absorbing the Russian impact, the adverse incremental FX, some higher interest costs and still staying squarely kind of in our EPS guide range.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Well, thanks, Ashwin. On behalf of Global Payments, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments fourth quarter and full year 2021 conference call. Our earnings release and the slides that accompany this call can be found on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. We will also be referring to several non-GAAP financial measures which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our supplemental materials. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We delivered record fourth quarter and full year 2021 results that exceeded our expectations, highlighting the resilience of our business model. We achieved record transactions across the business in the fourth quarter, including a new peak during the holidays despite the incremental impact of COVID-19 variants. And we expect another record year in 2022 based on todays guidance with strong revenue growth, margin enhancement, earnings to free cash flow conversion and leverage capacity. We accomplished a great deal over the course of 2021 as we continued to advance our differentiated strategies for growth. This includes our partnership with Google to deliver innovative and seamless digital services to all manner of merchants worldwide, the expansion of our collaboration with AWS, our preferred issuer technology solutions partner for a unique distribution and cutting-edge technologies; our successful acquisitions of Zego and MineralTree to advance our software leadership position with unmatched worldwide payments expertise; a strategic alliance with Virgin Money and our first use case post-merger combining issuing and acquiring capabilities; and our partnership with Mercedes-Benz Stadium to enable its multi-channel commerce ecosystem. And we are carrying that momentum into 2022 as we successfully executed on our goal to redefine the future of digital commerce, extending our lead, continuing to gain share and deepening our competitive moat. Specifically, we are delighted to announce that we have been chosen by CaixaBank as the finalist company in their selection process for a technology partner for its European card issuing business comprising nearly 30 million cards. We expect to finalize contract negotiations over the coming weeks. Caixa is the largest domestic bank in Spain, serving tens of millions of households and a full range of business clients across multiple countries in Europe. This latest achievement is yet another example of the enhanced revenue opportunities derived from our merger with TSYS just over 2 years ago. When this goes live, as anticipated in the back half of next year, we expect this initiative to be among the first legacy direct-to-cloud transformations in card issuing technologies among major financial institutions and it will be the first entry of TSYS into the highly attractive Iberian marketplace. Together with our recently announced partnership with Virgin Money, we believe Global Payments will then become a leading debit technology provider across Europe. We are also excited to announce that we are embarking on a multiyear partnership with Mastercard to modernize and accelerate card payments in the cloud across authorization, clearing and settlement. We are on this journey to drive ecosystem change and to help our clients bring differentiated value to the market. This is yet another example of how we are progressing the payments landscape with leading technology partners and bringing the next generation of modernized AWS cloud-enabled payments to customers. Our durable relationships with some of the most complex and sophisticated institutions globally speak to our competitiveness well into the remainder of this decade. Its worth highlighting that our issuer business signed multiyear contract extensions with several of our largest customers over the last 12 months, including Citi, CIBC, Barclays and Banco Carrefour. And our strategy of aligning with market share winners was also successful in 2021. Recent examples include Barclays purchase of the Gap card portfolio as well as Capital Ones purchase at BJs Wholesale Club card base. We have 34 active prospects in the pipeline with AWS, 11 of which are fin-techs, neobanks and startups. And we are pleased to announce that we are live with our first joint takeaway together with AWS, a leading global financial institution in a single large market in Asia and we expect to expand this prime instance to several additional markets over time. We also reached an agreement for our first legacy Global Payments issuer customer, KB Bank in the Czech Republic to move to our TSYS Prime platform in the fourth quarter, another revenue synergy from our merger. Finally, of the 9 LOIs we have in our Issuer Solutions business today, 5 are competitive takeaways. In addition, we recently had another new customer win move from LOI into production that was also a competitive takeaway. We have been successful in expanding our target addressable markets in 2021 beyond AWS as we diversify and broaden our distribution. We announced new strategic partnerships last year with PwC and 10x Banking. 10x Banking is a next-generation cloud-native platform designed to bring forward a new way of banking with faster product development and a lower cost to serve. We are proud to announce a new collaboration with ecolytiq to bring sustainability as a service to fintech startups, neobanks and traditional institutions. This partnership provides consumers with a personalized view of their impact on the environment, driven by their payment transaction activities. This technology enables corporate clients to align their digital banking strategies with consumers and supports ESG commitments by delivering sustainable product options and experiences. Further, we are delighted to announce a partnership with Xtend through our new distribution channels. We will provide B2B virtual commercial account services to banks and fintechs with Xtend serving our infant virtual card issuance product. Through relationships like ecolytiq and Xtend, we were able to support a full spectrum of solutions across emerging use cases. And while we have been providing market-leading technologies for buy now, pay later, or BNPL, initiatives for decades, we continue to innovate and deliver installment payments products as BNPL demand grows. This includes expanding our combined installment solutions with Visa and signing a global referral agreement with Mastercard. And through our partnership with leading technology companies, private label branded retailers and many of the worlds largest issuers we will be able to provide our customers with a complete ecosystem of BNPL capabilities on a regulated, compliant and responsible basis. Its worth highlighting that in 2021 alone, TSYS enabled over 2 billion BNPL transactions and issued 55 million virtual cards with more than $31 billion in volume. Turning to our merchant business, we are pleased to report the release of the first phase of our Google Run and Grow My Business product that integrates Googles solutions with our innovative capabilities in our digital portal environment during the fourth quarter as planned. We continue to expect to launch the next phase to help our merchants grow faster by connecting additional Google services, including online ordering, retail inventory and reservations to our digital platform later this year. Google is also now a live merchant customer in Asia-Pacific and we expect to launch Google as a merchant customer in North America by the end of this quarter. We continue to deliver a full suite of vertically fluent solutions across dozens of markets worldwide. For example, our enterprise QSR business delivered bookings growth for its cloud POS services in excess of 50% in 2021 and went live with new marquee customers like Dennys, Long John Silvers and A&W Restaurants. We also continue to expand with existing brands, including Bojangles, Water Burger and CKE, which today leverage a combination of our innovative end-to-end solutions. We delivered more than 300 million omnichannel restaurant experiences in 2021, up 50% versus 2020 and indicative of share shift due to the pandemic and market share gains. By way of comparison, we enabled 19 million omnichannel orders in 2019 prior to COVID-19. Our AMD business generated revenue growth of over 30% in 2021 and in excess of 35% for the fourth quarter compared to 2019. And that momentum is poised to continue with bookings growth of 40% in the fourth quarter and 26% and for the full year over 2020. I am particularly proud that AMDs telemedicine solution enabled 2.5 million provider visits over the last year, marking an 85% increase from 2020. And to put it in perspective, that is up from the roughly 100,000 telemedicine visits facilitated annually prior to the pandemic. We are also delighted to have hit the ground running in one of the largest and most attractive verticals in 2021 in real estate. Zego delivered near 20% bookings growth for the full year, enabled by its continued success with existing enterprise customers like ACC and Thalhimer and by expanding with new partners like Managed America and Equity LifeStyles, one of its largest new customers to date. Zegos payments penetration into its base also reached an all-time high last year under our stewardship. As we discussed at our 2021 Investor Conference, we are the beneficiaries of technological innovation, continued share shift and market share gains, including QR codes, digital wallet, safe for commerce, and of course, BNPL. Speaking of BNPL, in addition to the agreements we already have in place with leading solutions providers, including Affirm and Tua in the United States and [indiscernible] in Asia Pacific. We are launching our BNPL as a service marketplace this quarter to augment our 140 plus alternate payment methods portfolio. Further, our new partnership with Virgin Money highlights our ability to deliver non-bank card account-to-account transfers through our digital solutions, capitalizing in our market leading merchant ecosystem, which already provides one of the largest NFC acceptance networks globally. In September, we highlighted that we win by leading with technology and innovative solutions across our merchant portfolio. And the fourth quarter provides further evidence of our differentiated strategies. We delivered record bookings in the fourth quarter of 21 for our Global Payments Integrated and U.S. payments and payroll businesses, each of which grew 20% year-over-year. Our e-commerce and omni-channel business grew on an accelerated basis in 2021. Our ability to seamlessly provide the full spectrum of payment solutions drove new wins this quarter, with large multinational Mary Kay across 6 countries in Europe and Asia and with ESW or eShopWorld, a leader in direct-to-consumer global commerce in the United States with further global expansion on the horizon. And over the course of 2021, we also reached new partnerships with Google, Uber Eats and Uber Rides, Foot Locker, Hunter Douglas and the Swatch Group, while extending and expanding the scope of our longstanding relationship with PayPal. Finally, we added B2B as the newest pillar of our strategy in 2021. We are already making significant strides with MineralTree since the closing in mid-October. This includes doubling virtual card spend in the fourth quarter and completing 9 new deals in the healthcare vertical, including with know-how dental and biometrics. This quarter, MineralTree also renewed its agreement with NI or National Instruments, successfully executed an implementation with Mexico-based foodservices company, Grupo Bimbo, and launched its Supplier Central portal, which allows for seamless payments acceptance for suppliers to support greater digital adoption. We are pleased to have successfully invested $2.5 billion in M&A since early 2020, consistent with our four strategic pillars. We also have returned $3.7 billion of capital to shareholders since that time. And our record cash flow generation and solid balance sheet position us with ample firepower to continue to execute on our priorities. At the same time, we seek to refine our portfolio by simplifying the composition of our businesses and focusing on our core corporate customers, including merchants, financial institutions, software partners and technology leaders. As part of that initiative, we have commenced a strategic review of our Netspend consumer business to sharpen our focus on our B2B assets. While Netspends direct-to-consumer business is an attractive set of solutions with a favorable profile, there is limited overlap between that customer base and our traditional clients. Having largely completed our integration with TSYS corporately, made the pivot towards B2B and incorporated Netspends B2B assets into our thinking. We believe now is the appropriate time to commence this review of Netspends consumer business. As we said at our investor conference in September, we have a full suite of B2B assets, including a market-leading commercial card offering, virtual card issuance at scale, payroll, pay card, earned-wage access and now accounts payable cloud SaaS with MineralTree. We complement these offerings with a unique collaboration with AWS. We are very proud of all that NetSpend and our valued team members have accomplished under TSYS ownership over the last 8 plus years. We believe that we have created significant value since the close of our merger by expanding internationally, accelerating digitization and driving significant operational efficiencies. We also provided much needed faster payments to millions of consumers during some of the most challenging periods of the pandemic. Revenue, margin and contribution were all records at NetSpend in 2021. Simply put, we have achieved our goals. Paul?
Paul Todd: Thanks, Jeff. Our financial performance for the full year 2021 exceeded our expectations despite incremental headwinds from COVID-19, including both the Delta and Omicron variants. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $7.74 billion, an increase of 15% from the prior year and solidly ahead of our initial guidance for adjusted net revenue to be in a range of $7.5 billion to $7.6 billion. Importantly, our adjusted operating margin increased 210 basis points to 41.8%, as we benefited from the natural operating leverage in the business and the continued realization of cost synergies related to the merger, which was partially offset by the return of certain costs that were temporarily reduced at the onset of the pandemic and the impact of our acquisitions during the year. This performance is also consistent with our guidance for adjusted operating margin expansion of around 200 basis points for the year, including the impact of acquisitions we closed during 2021. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $8.16, an increase of 28% from the prior year and 31% over 2019. We believe we would have been at the high end of our recent guide rather than above the midpoint, but for the emergence of Omicron and incremental adverse foreign exchange rates during the fourth quarter. Moving to the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $1.98 billion, representing 13.3% growth compared to the prior year and 10% growth compared to 2019. Adjusted operating margin for the fourth quarter was 42%, a 50 basis point improvement from the prior year or a 110 basis point improvement, excluding the impact of acquisitions. Compared to 2019, adjusted operating margins increased 370 basis points. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.13, an increase of 18.3% compared to the prior year and an increase of 32% compared to 2019. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment, Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.34 billion for the fourth quarter, a 21% improvement from the prior year and a 15.4% improvement compared to 2019. This performance was led by continued strength in the U.S., while we also benefited from improving trends in international markets, including Spain, Central Europe and Greater China. Notably, we delivered an adjusted operating margin of 48.2% in this segment, an increase of 70 basis points year-on-year and 130 basis points, excluding the impact of M&A. Adjusted operating margins improved 320 basis points over 2019 as we continue to benefit from the underlying strength of our business mix. Focusing on our technology-enabled portfolio, our integrated business produced another strong quarter, generating adjusted net revenue growth in the high 20% range compared to 2020. It is also worth highlighting that over the last 2 years, notwithstanding the pandemic, adjusted net revenue growth for this business has compounded at the mid-teens rate we target for GPI longer term. And our worldwide e-commerce and omni-channel businesses saw growth of roughly 20% year-on-year as our value proposition, including our unified commerce platform, or UCP, continues to resonate with customers. Our ability to serve customers across nearly 40 markets physically and over 170 virtually is core to our omnichannel strategy and supports our growth outlook for these businesses. Turning to own software, our POS software solutions delivered adjusted net revenue growth in excess of 50% in the fourth quarter and our HCM and payroll businesses solutions grew 32%. As for our vertical market solutions, we were pleased that the overall portfolio delivered growth of roughly 20% compared to the prior year in the fourth quarter and low double-digit growth for the full year, consistent with our target despite several of these businesses having not yet fully recovered to pre-pandemic levels. I would reiterate Jeffs comments regarding the positive bookings trends we are seeing across our vertical markets portfolio and we continue to expect our own software businesses will become a tailwind for us in 2022 as the recovery progresses. Issuer Solutions delivered $463 million in adjusted net revenue, a 1.3% improvement from the fourth quarter of 2020. This performance was impacted by two items this quarter. First, our Managed Services adjusted net revenues decreased as we continue to pivot our issuer business to more tech enablement and less lower-margin and outsourced call center business. We also had a grow-over of nonrecurring revenue that occurred last year. Normalizing for these two items, our adjusted net revenue growth was in the mid-single digits, consistent with our longer term target. Issuer adjusted operating margins of 43.4% declined 130 basis points from the prior year, but expanded 320 basis points over 2019 and in line with our expectation for the business. As you may recall, Issuer Solutions delivered adjusted operating margin expansion of 450 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2020 over 2019, fueled by our focus on driving efficiencies in the business as well as benefits from temporary cost reductions. Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue growth of 2% for the fourth quarter and 7% on a full year basis, consistent with our guidance for this segment to grow in the mid to high single-digit range in 2021. As Jeff discussed, we intend to focus our efforts going forward on enhancing our B2B businesses which includes elements of net spend. To that end, we are pleased that MineralTrees bookings grew 19% this year, positioning the business well heading into 2022. Adjusted operating margin for Business and Consumer Solutions of 21.7% declined 240 basis points in the quarter from the prior year largely due to lapping the benefits of stimulus volumes in Q4 for 2020. Quarterly margins expanded relative to Q4 of 2019. From a cash flow standpoint, we had roughly $609 million of adjusted free cash flow for the quarter and a record $2.5 billion for the year, consistent with our target to convert roughly 100% of adjusted earnings to adjusted free cash flow annually. We invested $142 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and $493 million for the year, in line with our expectations. Further, this quarter, we repurchased approximately 5.5 million of our shares for approximately $700 million. And for the full year, we are pleased to have repurchased 15.2 million shares for roughly $2.5 billion or approximately 5% of our shares outstanding. Also, our Board of Directors has again approved an increase in our share repurchase authorization to $2 billion as share repurchase remains a key capital allocation priority. Our balance sheet is extremely healthy, and we ended the period with roughly $2.4 billion of liquidity after repurchase activity and acquisition funding. In mid-November, we successfully issued $2 billion in senior unsecured notes at a blended interest rate of 2.27%. The transaction was credit neutral with the full proceeds used to pay down our outstanding revolver. Our leverage position was roughly 3x on a net debt basis at quarter end. Looking ahead to 2022, we remain encouraged by the trends we are seeing in the business and currently expect adjusted net revenue to range from $8.42 billion to $8.5 billion, reflecting growth of 9% to 10% over 2021 or roughly 10% to 11% on a constant currency basis with upwards of 1% of currency headwind expected throughout the year. This outlook is consistent with our long-term target for double-digit top line growth and reflects the benefit we expect from a continued recovery throughout the year. We expect adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 100 basis points compared to 2021 levels or up to 150 basis points of expansion, excluding impacts from our recent acquisitions. This is above our cycle guidance for margin expansion of 50 to 75 basis points annually, driven by the benefits we expect from the ongoing recovery, continued mix shift toward technology enablement across the business and additional synergies we anticipate related to the TSYS merger. To provide some color at the segment level, we expect adjusted net revenue growth for our Merchant Solutions segment to be in the low double-digit range, which assumes the recovery continues worldwide. We expect Issuer Solutions to deliver adjusted net revenue growth in the mid-single-digit growth range for the full year, consistent with our longer-term targets. Lastly, in our Business and Consumer segment, we are expecting adjusted net revenue growth to be in the low single digits for this segment in 2022, given the lapping of the benefits from stimulus in both 2021 and 2020. Lastly, I would highlight that from a quarterly phasing perspective, we expect the recovery from the pandemic will continue throughout the year, allowing for a progressive growth picture as we move through 2021. Moving to a couple of non-operating items, we currently expect net interest expense to be roughly $375 million and for our adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 20% for the full year. We also expect our capital expenditures to be around $600 million in 2022. Putting it all together, we expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $9.45 to $9.67, reflecting growth of 16% to 19% over 2021. On a constant currency basis, this reflects annual growth of roughly 17% to 20% and is consistent with the raised September cycle guidance for adjusted earnings per share growth in the high teens to 20% range longer term. I would highlight that the discontinuance of stimulus and unemployment benefits and our Business and Consumer segment provides for a tough comparison in the first quarter. As a result, we expect adjusted earnings per share growth to be in the low double digits range in Q1. Finally, we will provide updates on the strategic review process for our Netspend Consumer business as the year progresses. In summary, the outstanding performance we delivered across our businesses in 2021 serves as a further proof point that we continue to gain share and that our technology-enabled strategy positions us well to capitalize on the accelerating digital trends coming out of the pandemic. We anticipate and assume an improving macroeconomic environment and waning pandemic impact as the year progresses. We could not be more pleased with our outlook entering 2022. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Paul. I could not be more proud of all that weve accomplished in 2021 despite the incremental challenges we faced throughout the year, and our outlook is for an even brighter 2022. As we highlighted in September, we are today a top quartile SaaS company, the leading issuer technology provider and program manager multi-nationally with unique partnerships, the largest e-com acquirer with an unmatched virtual and physical presence, and we deliver all these things with tremendous breadth across developed and attractive emerging markets. Our record results in 2021 and our expectations for 2022 reaffirm the wisdom of these strategies, the trends of digitization, commerce enablement, software differentiation and omnichannel prevalence driving our performance will start to catalyze our growth throughout 2022 and in the years ahead. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hi, thanks, guys. Nice job on the merchant side. Its good to see the incremental data on volume, especially comparing it to the industry and really able to see the performance versus the networks. If you could break that down a little bit when we look at the outperformance youre showing, how much of that is being driven by the actual software pieces of your business, the tech-enabled piece. So whatever breakdown you can give us in the tech-enabled versus not. And really, even on a geographic basis, Jeff, if there is anymore color you can give us on what you saw through the quarter and what you are expecting as recovery resumes?
Cameron Bready: Hi, Darrin, its Cameron. Ill start, and Ill ask Jeff and Paul to jump in with any other details. So, maybe if you deconstruct a little bit the volume data that we are providing today. Obviously, we, I think, gave a good amount of disclosure here, as you highlighted. So year-over-year, our volumes in the fourth quarter grew 24% versus revenue growth of roughly 21%. And versus 19, thats back 28% versus growth of 16%. I would say whats impacting the delta is really the software businesses as it relates to the 2019 compare. If you look at our pure merchant businesses for the fourth quarter versus 2019, they were up probably 21%, 22% relative to that 28% growth in volume. So, a little bit of weighing of the software businesses against the 2019 result as a revenue matter. In terms of whats driving things, I think Paul gave a lot of detail in his script. Were obviously seeing very good trends in our technology-enabled businesses and obviously starting to see recovery in our software, pure software businesses, vertical market businesses as we head into 2022, even though they are still a little bit depressed versus 2019 levels. But again, Integrated had a terrific quarter yet again. Its compounded rate of growth over the last couple of years been in that mid-teen range. We continue to see good performance in our point-of-sale software businesses, having grown 53% this quarter and roughly 50% year-over-year, continue to see good performance in our payroll and HCM businesses, as Paul highlighted in his script. So its pretty clear that the technology-enabled businesses have continued to drive growth in our overall portfolio and our overall results. And as we head into 2022, the software businesses we expect to provide, the vertical market software businesses we expect to provide a nice tailwind to growth for the year in overall in 2022.
Jeff Sloan: Darrin, its Jeff. I would just add to what Cameron said a couple of things. First, we see continued strength in our e-com business, as Paul alluded to in his prepared remarks, which were really pleased with in the fourth quarter heading into the year. Darrin, Id say is we exceeded our forecast in January, which we feel good about to start the year, obviously, our guides our guide. But we feel good about the trajectory, and we did see a recovery in volumes towards the end of January into early February in certain selected verticals that were in. So we feel like its tracking very nicely versus our guide today, and were kind of pleased with the start to the year.
Darrin Peller: Great. Thats really helpful. Its great to see. Guys, just a quick follow-up, I know everyone is going to ask about Netspend, but if you could just hone in for a minute more on the B2B strategy thats coming out of that? And I know when you talked about selling  potentially selling Netspend, it was really meant for whether or not you needed capital for another purpose, Jeff. And so is there any thought process of if you were to go through this process and I guess have proceeds that makes sense, what kind of allocation you would be applying it towards? Thanks, again, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, its a great question, Darrin. So let me just start with the strategy portion of what you asked. So I really think the pivot has been quite some time incoming. If you think about the company for a second, go back to the investor conference in September, we really positioned the business as adding another leg to the stool with B2B. Netspend has significant B2B assets pre-MineralTree and, of course, post October with MineralTree even more significant B2B assets. So we really view the September investor conference as kind of a linchpin in terms of our strategic set and where our focus in our thesis really needs to be And I think the success of the integration that we referred to in our prepared remarks around MineralTree, and Paul gave the 19% bookings number, as well as the payments penetration into that business is something were very excited about. So were off to a really good start. So we think from that point of view, we like the predicate in September, the execution was very good through the fourth quarter. We think were in good shape as a guidance matter in B2B. So I think the right thing to do, therefore, is to focus on highlighting those assets that are consistent with the long-term strategy of the company, which is really on the corporate client focus. I kind of listed that to my script, software companies, technology leaders. And were really not a B2C direct kind of company, which is the part we referred to really in the presentation. So I think the strategy shift has been some time in coming. I think September was a big milestone. I think the closing of military in October was a big milestone. And I view this as kind of the next milestone. On your question about allocation of process, look, its going to depend where things are if and when we reach the point where we have something that we would execute. You saw our announcement today about increasing our buyback up to another $2 billion. Just to be clear, that amount does not assume any disposition of Netspend. So, if that were to happen and if we were to retire more capital, then that would be incremental to the $2 billion repurchased about 6% of the company stock since the 2020 period. That doesnt include the current $2 billion depending on where things shake out over periods of time that could be another 5%. And then obviously, if we reduce something with Netspend, along the line that you asked, and if we were to repurchase stock, that would be incremental to that number. So its just going to depend on the facts and circumstances at the time that we do it. I dont expect it  this is something we proceed with. It would be later this year in calendar 22, our guidance, our guide. And I dont expect it to have all that significant impact depending on when it happens in 2022. But thats something we will address if and when we kind of reach that decision point.
Darrin Peller: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks a lot, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Good morning, guys and congrats on the results. Just a follow-up on Netspend, what  can you remind us what percent of their revenues or assets or the B2B side that youre going to keep? And talk a little bit about that B2B Netspend assets, how it compares the MineralTree and the other things you have in the portfolio?
Jeff Sloan: Sure, Bryan. So if you kind of think, and a lot of it is just going to depend on how the strategic review goes, what potential buyers interest level is in the various pieces. But just at a high level, the way to kind of think about it is roughly 15% of the business is kind of the B2B assets that Jeff was just referring to. And obviously, the two biggest components of that are our pay card business as well as the MineralTree business. I would highlight just as an add-on to what Jeff said, both of those businesses have high-growth characteristics to them and certainly higher than the consumer piece. Both businesses on a fundamental basis, grew double digits in the fourth quarter and have that consistent kind of growth rate on a forward-looking basis relative to kind of the cycle guide range that we want for the company. So the fundamentals of those businesses have those kind of characteristics strategically, but also its just a growth matter as well. As it relates to the fit, the overall fit, we talked about this, obviously, in the Investor Day, but there is a lot of kind of synergistic benefits with the commercial card business, obviously, B2B that we have in our issuer business, which also grows at a faster rate in a normalized environment. Obviously, its been a headwind to our growth there in the pandemic. And kind of between what MineralTree has and what we have in that solution set around the broader B2B apparatus that we have in issuer is a nice fit. And I would just mention on the pay card side, obviously, what we do on our payroll business in our Merchant Solutions kind of segment has some nice synergistic benefits. So yes, I mean thats  as Jeff said, thats kind of the strategy. Its why were interested in keeping those kind of B2B assets and look to kind of strategically review the consumer assets.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up, Jeff, I know you talked about the CaixaBank win. Just want to make sure we understand how you guys are going to market with that. It sounds like youre using the unique assets between the two companies. And obviously, there is probably more to come from winning deals like this. But could you just highlight the differences to get you that win in CaixaBank?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, its a great question, Bryan. Thanks. So were really pleased to announce that today. As I said in the prepared remarks, its 30 million cards. This is a really big deal, and we expect to be live in the back half of next year towards the end of next year. And as all said, this is said in the prepared comments, in its a big deal about it is its direct to the cloud. So were taking a traditional institution with a good book of business of 30 million cards and going live kind of day 1 in a cloud-based environment, which as you know, is something weve invested very heavily in, at least since August of 2020. The other thing Id like to point out, Bryan, given the size of it is  what we said in our slide show today is we have 31 million accounts on file in our implementation pipeline today at TSYS issuer. This is another 30 million, thats not that number, Bryan. So that would actually double the implementation pipeline, just to give you a sense of size. And we think this would be one of our top two or three customers in Europe by way of size. As I said in the press release this morning, this will also make us among the largest debit technology providers in all of Europe. So its a really big deal at the end of the day. Id also say, as it relates to the 31 million existing accounts on file that are currently implementation pipeline, 22 million are coming online live this year at TSYS in 2022. So this is a really big increment and also very nicely as we grow, as Paul said, throughout the year in 2022 in Issuer, this adds a very healthy pipeline plus Truist, which we previously announced in 2023, as well as Virgin Money. So were super positive about where it is. As it relates to Caixa more broadly, look, this is something that Caixa conducted an extensive RFP on. You would imagine that they went extensively to kind of compare our technologies versus new entrants as well as other providers in the marketplace in Europe and globally, and we couldnt be more pleased that they selected us. And obviously, weve got great feedback coming out of it. So it gives us a lot of confidence in the remainder of this years growth. Given the current pipeline but double the pipeline heading into next year, which makes us feel really good about the next 18 months.
Bryan Keane: Great. Thanks for the color.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi, thank you. Hey, Jeff, Cameron and Paul, good morning and congratulations on the execution. My first question is with regards to the positive sales commentary, including the expansion of use cases and relationships, its good to see. Can you comment on the qualified pipeline of opportunities, how it compares to a year ago? And do you see your clients exhibit maybe a greater sense of urgency that can translate to a faster decision-making quicker ramps what should we expect on the sales front in 22?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Ashwin, its Jeff. Ill start speaking the issuer, and then Ill ask Cameron and Paul, and we give a lot of bookings detail this morning, but Ill ask them to comment on merchant. So listen, no surprise to you, Ashwin or anyone listening to the call, initial or the cloud sales. So I gave that example, Caixa, direct-to-cloud not looking for any kind of intermediate step in between. We also announced today a new partnership with Mastercard, which will put online transaction data directly into cloud with AWS, which means as a consumer you can actually look online live at your postings and overdue balances and see really kind of real-time flows through AWS and the cloud, and thats really just with us for the next period of time through the remainder of the year when it goes live. So look, I would say that on the cloud side, things are moving very quickly. We announced the KB deal in the Czech Republic, which is a legacy Global Payments culture going direct to prime in the cloud, which is a big deal. We announced the other customer in Asia, also going live in prime in the cloud as well. So I would say as it relates to decision-making and phase of implementation. I would say the cloud, which was part of our thesis when we did the deal in the first place has really accelerated the time to market. Now why would that be? Number one, I think its very topical for most CTOs and large banks. Number two, I would say, if you look at the historical TSYS model of kind of buying it off in one place, and Paul alluded to the managed services side of the business, which is really call center functionality, what were really emphasizing going forward is micro services and decomposed deconstructed APIs. So you can kind of buy by the drink with us. And youre seeing some of the early wins here, which would accelerate decision-making, Ashwin. Some of the early wins around prime live in the cloud, which is what we kind of announced today. And then with Caixa, youre seeing whole enterprises what would have been TS2, but whole enterprise is going direct to the cloud live. So I would say that the pivot toward cloud is certainly short circuited some of the timeframes you might have seen historically. We are live with that with use cases with Prime and obviously, with Caixa will be live with that in the back half of 2023, as we said today. So, certainly on the issuer side, I feel good about it. I would also say before I turn it over to Cameron and Paul, our merchant that we announced today two partnerships with ecolytiq and Xtend. These are neobank, fintech startup kind of companies. They are focused on selling ESG microservices and APIs into all manner of new wave issuers, the same thing with Xtend on the virtual card side. We are providing virtual card technology from TSYS into the B2B space. Thats something we never would have been able to do historically by way of distribution. We are doing that here through AWS and PwC. Those are all incremental and things that we described is tripling the TAM back when we announced Ashwin, the August 20, AWS unique collaboration. So, I do agree with your thesis that we are seeing acceleration in sales opportunities on the issuing side. Cam, do you want to talk a little about merchants.
Cameron Bready: Sure. Good morning Ashwin. I would say, obviously, we provided some booking data today for the merchant business for the full year 2021 plus 20%, obviously suggesting we have a lot of positive momentum from a new sales and execution standpoint heading into 2022. I would highlight a few things. One is we continue to see positive tailwinds coming out of the pandemic for our safer commerce solutions, our omnichannel solutions and our commerce enablement solutions. What we are really seeing with our core merchant customer base is there is strong demand for technology. There is strong demand for efficiency and there is strong demand for solutions that help offset the fact that hiring is very difficult right now. So, the more we can bring to bear on our customers to help them again run their businesses more effectively and find opportunities to grow their business, the more traction we are achieving from a sales perspective than the new market. So, our targets for 2022, I would say, are roughly consistent in terms of growth as to what we achieved in 2021 as a new bookings matter. We have a lot of confidence and momentum heading into the year that we will be able to execute against that. The last thing I will say is as we started 2022, we have actually brought our U.S. payments business and our GPI business together as a distribution matter, which will allow us to really unleash our relationship managers in the U.S. payments channel on our GPI partner customers. So, this gives us new opportunities, I think to accelerate growth, have a smoother go-to-market motion from a sales and distribution perspective here in the U.S. And I think unlock untapped value that exists in that portfolio of vertical market partners that we have in the GPI business by attacking it with a broader sales force going forward. So, I think we have a lot of confidence around where we are from the new sales and execution. And very simply put, I dont think we have ever been in a better place as a distribution matter, particularly from a technology-enabled distribution perspective, nor have we been in a better place in terms of the product group solutions and capabilities that we can bring to bear on the market. So, we have a lot of confidence in our ability to continue the trends we saw coming out of 2021 from the new sales and bookings standpoint. And I think, obviously, that underlies the guide that we provided for 2022 as well for the merchant business.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. These are great details. Maybe a question for Paul, I appreciate the high-level color on overall cadence and the point on 1Q being the toughest comp, I guess is well understood. But could you maybe step into and provide more details on the underlying assumptions for cadence revenues and margins by segment, how that ramps?
Paul Todd: Yes. So, just as you said, the biggest kind of impact that we would call out would be the whole stimulus impact in the business and consumer. The good thing about that, just as a comparison dynamic, is the stimulus impact is largely secluded to that first quarter. So, we dont have that kind of playing through the other quarters. I would say at a segment level, if you just kind of take the overall guide and just look at it first at merchant, we are in that kind of low-teens in the first half and then that kind of low-double digit kind of in the second half. And thats largely just depending on the comp that you are kind of comparing to in the dynamics in that quarter. So, thats kind of somewhat of a breakout between the first half and the second half. And then I would say, from the issuer business, its kind of more higher-single digit growth in the back half, more kind of mid-single digit growth more in the first half, and we do have some kind of ramping of commercial card recovery occurring throughout the year. So, that provides a little more pressure in the first quarter. It kind of improves in the second quarter, the third quarter and fourth quarter. One thing we did see, and this was underlying the guides, we did see some deceleration between 3Q and 4Q in commercial card in our issuer business. And so we are kind of now projecting that maybe to take some time to recover. And so you are going to kind of see that thing play throughout the year as we do expect commercial card to kind of recover to a more normalized level in a more normalized environment. And finally, on that B and C line, obviously, I called out what the impact is in the first quarter and then it kind of goes to that more mid-single digit, higher-single digit kind of growth rates in the back half of the year as we anniversary that first quarter. So, that kind of gives you a broader context of how we look at next year. Obviously, things will play themselves out. We will give more color as the year progresses, but thats how we are looking at it right now.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you all for the detail.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Ashwin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate all the details on the different aspects of the business. I wanted to touch on quickly asset allocation and strategic you guys have always talked about looking at acquisitions and thats been  obviously been a focus and you highlighted what you have spent the last couple of years. How are you thinking about the recent change in the overall public market valuations? Is that changing the potential landscape for M&A for you? And are you looking at incremental opportunities as a result?
Jeff Sloan: Hi James, its Jeff. Its a great question. So, I would say a few things to what you asked. Look, we have a long pipeline of opportunities, but I think we are very cognizant that we are generating really attractive returns by buying back the stock. So, while we have a lot of things that we could do on the strategic side to get the returns that we are looking at in the stock market from buying back our own stock, the bar is just pretty high at the end of the day. We are just finishing a period where we generated something like $2.5 billion thereabouts in free cash flow. We ticked up leverage a little bit up to around 3x on a debt basis, as Paul said. And get some like $2.5 billion of available capacity. So, there is really no shortage of things we can continue to do. As I said in response to one of the earlier questions, we have already bought back 6% of the stock since the pandemic kind of started. We will do another 5% more or less this year, depending on conditions if we exhaust the $2 billion that I mentioned today. And if we redeploy Netspend, if that were to occur, depending on how we redeploy that, that could be another big chunk coming back in. So, the nice thing about where we are game is we have tons of free cash flow generation and a very high conversion rate, which we reiterate today and a very good expansion of margins. So, plenty of capacity from cash on hand, free cash flow conversion and leverage capacity to invest in our business. The question for us is where  what side of pendulum do you kind of fall on, and clearly, as we just suggested, we have been more on the side, I think the number I gave was $3. 7 billion of buybacks relative to $2.5 billion. Clearly, the most recent period, given where the stock has gone in the market and the dislocations in fintech, clearly, we have aired rightly so more in the side of buybacks. So, it will depend. I would say at the end of the day, leverage markets remain very favorable. Pulp coated our recent capital raise in November, which was like 2.27% pretax, which is a very attractive rate. Having done $2.5 billion more or less of free cash flow last year, we will do an increment this year. So, we have done a lot of avenues that we can pursue. So, we have no real practical constraint. As we said in September, at the investor conference, we expect to have $30 billion of available free cash flow leverage capacity over the next 3-year to 5-year cycle. You saw the $6 billion in the press release just since 2020. So, we are well on track on the $30 billion. But certainly, given where things are today, our thumb is on the scale of repurchase, and thats what you saw some of this morning.
James Faucette: Thats great. And then just a quick follow-up for Paul, I appreciate the detail you gave on how you are thinking about the top line evolution of through 2022. But as we  are you thinking that as we exit 2022 that  is your planning assumption that will be on kind of a normalized behavior and economic footing such that we are really got carrying kind of those  that double-digit growth into 2023 and we can see that persist. And I guess as part of that question as well as how should we think about OpEx evolution through the year? Thanks a lot.
Paul Todd: Yes, sure. So yes, the answer to your first part of the question is, yes, kind of the exiting of 2022 is in that kind of double-digit kind of growth range that we talked about, both in our September investor conference and kind of how we look at the business. So  and certainly, we are, as I said in the prepared remarks, preparing for a more progressively normalized environment throughout the year next year. So yes, thats our vision of the way we look at 2022. As it relates to OpEx and kind of margin, I wouldnt necessarily call out anything with the exception of that first quarter we would have kind of margin headwind related to the flow-through of all the stimulus kind of impact. But absent that, this 100 basis point kind of fundamental margin expansion up to 100 basis points or up to 150 basis points ex-M&A kind of would be a pretty good guide as you look throughout the following three quarters. And as it relates to specifically kind of segment level between both merchant and issuer both of those segments are in that range. And then obviously, we dont have the same kind of margin expansion expectations for BMC given that rollover as it relates to stimulus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks guys. I just wanted to start on the merchant side. So, we are talking about low-double digit growth for 2022. I guess if we just look at the expectations for the other segments, just put a finer point on it, maybe we are talking around 12%, call it, in merchant. Can you give us a sense of how that might break down by process versus own software in kind of a base case scenario?
Jeff Sloan: I wouldnt necessarily kind of go to that kind of level of granularity as it relates to kind of the growth rate you are right in that kind of overall sizing of the growth rate that you mentioned there. But as it relates to the components drive it kind of just maybe go back to what Cameron provided earlier, and he may have some additional comments as well, but that our tech-enabled and particularly, we would highlight kind of integrated and obviously, some of the software assets that we talked about in the prepared remarks would be on the higher side of that kind of growth pendulum and then on the lower side or some of the other businesses in certain geographies, vertical markets, obviously, depending on the recovery dynamics in those various businesses kind of play their way through. We have kind of assumptions on each one of those around the recovery and how those look throughout the year. And there are some timing elements with some of those. So, that would be the right way to kind of think about it, higher growth on the tech-enabled side. Certainly, thats the right kind of overall growth rate. And Cameron, I dont know if you have anything else to add.
Cameron Bready: Yes, maybe just a few other points that I would call out specifically. So, maybe to start with, there is about a point of FX headwind kind of in that number. So, if you think about it on a normalized constant currency basis, its going to be a little bit higher. So, there is a few things, I think going on that are worthy of calling out. Certainly, in the U.S., we expect to see continued strong trends. We have seen a good recovery in the U.S., so probably not quite as much of a tailwind in 2022 from a U.S. recovery, because a lot of that has flowed through. But still a little bit of tailwind there. We expect to see more tailwind coming out of our vertical market software businesses, of course, as Paul highlighted earlier, as we continue to see recovery in the specific verticals that have been more heavily impacted by the pandemic kind of heading into 2022. And we still have a little bit of runway left, I would say, internationally from a recovery standpoint from the pandemic as well that gives us a little bit of a tailwind overall. But clearly, growth is going to continue to be led by our technology-enabled businesses. As Paul highlighted earlier, we continue to have strong expectations for GPI. As I mentioned earlier, by unleashing additional sales resources against that channel, we expect to be able to drive incremental opportunities there. Clearly, e-com and our omnichannel solutions remain very robust from a demand standpoint, we saw great growth in those in 2021, and 2022 is starting out well on that front, and will continue to be a tailwind for the business as well. And then our other software and commerce enablement solutions across HCM and payroll, POS solutions, etcetera, our analytics and customer engagement platform as we roll out our Google Run and Grow My Business solutions this year. Obviously, those will be a nice tailwind to growth overall for the year. So again, overall, the business will, I think, produce results above the long-term sort of expectations we have for the business, largely benefiting by continued recovery from the pandemic in 2022. But to the earlier question, as we head into 2023, we would expect that environment to largely normalize and you will continue to see sort of double-digit growth for the merchant business heading into 2023.
Jason Kupferberg: Right. And then just a quick follow-up on issuer, I know you mentioned the managed services piece was down year-over-year in the quarter. Can you just elaborate on I know you mentioned there was a tough comp, and then you talked about it in deemphasizing the call center part of that. Just hoping you could elaborate on that for a second and tell us what you are expecting from the managed services piece in 2022 relative to the rest or to kind of out to that mid-single range. Thanks guys.
Cameron Bready: Yes. So, you are right. In the fourth quarter, we kind of had three dynamics at play. And certainly, I have talked about all three, too, in the prepared remarks. One was managed services, as Jeff commented, as we continue to pivot this business to the cloud and more tech enablement, the lower margin kind of human interactive kind of managed services business is not one that we are focused on. We are very kind of margin tenant in this business, and that is a lower margin business that continues to have more compressed margins. So, its one that kind of re-deemphasizing. We are certainly continuing to stay in the business and offering it, but we are going to do it when we get a good margin for the business. So, that is kind of one kind of piece of the headwind in the quarter. We did have some things in the fourth quarter of last year. One customer particularly had to meet some minimums and a few other things that kind of play through that just didnt recur in the fourth quarter of this year. So, thats kind of the tougher comp piece I was talking about. And then as I commented on, we saw, relative to our expectations, kind of that deceleration on the commercial card side that had that continued to trajectory like we would have anticipated. But for the impact of Omicron, thats back where we see that business solidly in that mid-single digit range. I would say also that for fourth quarter, the volume-based revenue, our account on found transaction revenue for that fourth quarter was solidly in that mid-single digit range. So, as we go forward, yes, its going to be continued kind of compression on the managed services side for next year. So, we will see that kind of play out once again, in the first quarter, we had some more comp there. We will see a progressive improvement on the commercial card side. And we are seeing solid or certainly projecting both with what Jeff talked about on the conversion pipeline as well as what we saw from transactions and our forecast so far and what we are seeing in transactions, solidly mid-single digit growth with that account on file revenue and transaction revenue really throughout the year. So  but for kind of the few things I mentioned, its a pretty solid kind of mid-single digit growth year for us next year  this year in line with that expectation. And I think that kind of provides the picture you are looking for.
Jason Kupferberg: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Vasu Govil from KBW. Your line is open.
Vasu Govil: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I just wanted to drill a little bit more into the B2B efforts with MineralTree. I know one of the exciting parts when you first announced your entry into B2B was that you have this large base of existing merchants that you could cross-sell into. Just looking for any color on what the appetite has been and how you are going to market with your existing merchants?
Cameron Bready: Yes, its a great question. This is Cameron. I will start, and I will ask Jeff and Paul to jump in as well. I would say we have seen good traction already in our ability to cross-sell MineralTree into our existing base of not only merchant customers, but partners. In particular, in the GPI channel, we have a significant number of roughly 6,000 software partners for whom the MineralTree solution is the ideal solution given the size of their business to manage kind of their automation and to help with their overall B2B payment requirements of software companies. So, as we think about the long-term proposition, we think MineralTree as a standalone sort of point solution is fantastic. And we have seen good traction in our ability to cross-sell it into our existing base of business. But more importantly, it becomes a core underlying foundational component of what we think will be an end-to-end B2B solution that in companies, both AP automation, AR automation, disbursements and acceptance capabilities in an end-to-end platform that seamless fully integrated and able to be deployed to our merchant customers through our digital ecosystem. So, as we think about the long-term B2B strategy, I think its really that. Its building that end-to-end capabilities with money-in, money-out capabilities with AP automation, AR automation, with integrations into general ledger environments, which is really what our customers are looking for. So, MineralTree on its own has been a great tailwind as we look to cross-sell new product and capability into the merchant base. But as we continue to build out the B2B strategy long-term, it becomes more important as that foundational element to build out the end-to-end capability.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Vasu, its Jeff. I would add to what Cameron said on the issuer side that we have some like 1,300 bank partners in issuer. I think MineralTree had like 20 to 30 when we did the deal in October. One of the things that we heard from banks was the product of MineralTree, very similar to Cameron said, is terrific, but financial institutions being where they are always worried about the size of the company and the balance sheet exposure and that kind of thing. Well, there is no concerns about that with us. So, we see great traction on the issuing side with that by customers globally, not just here in the United States and MineralTree is predominantly a U.S. only business, although we did announce some overseas stuff with them today. So, our ability to expand that in the United States and export it globally, I think, is very attractive to us and its something that we are super excited about.
Vasu Govil: Great. Thanks. Thats great color. And just a quick follow-up, thanks for giving us all the volume trends. That was very helpful. But if I am looking at the volume trends relative to Visa, Mastercard specifically for North America, it seems that the trends were  the improvement was a bit flatter versus what we saw coming out of Visa, Mastercard. So, any call-outs there, I am just assuming its mix differences, but any color would be helpful?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think you hit the nail on the head. I think its really just mix differences. I dont think there is an appreciable difference, to be honest with you, when you are aggregating that level of data together. I think if you look at it across the globe, I think our trends are very consistent sort of sequentially with what we saw coming out of the network. So look, there is always going to be noise in the data because we are running a particular mix of business. The networks represent more of the markets. So, there are things that we are benefiting from that they are not. There is things that are benefiting from that we are not as it relates to the mix of businesses. But I would characterize from our perspective, the trend is generally in line with what we saw coming out of the network sort of sequentially Q3 to Q4.
Vasu Govil: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions and answers. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures, the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; and Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We delivered record third quarter results, despite the incremental challenges that emerged during the period from COVID-19, highlighting the resiliency of our business model and our ongoing track record of execution across market cycles. We also surpassed $2 billion of quarterly asset net revenue for the first time in our history, with record margins and produced all-time high quarterly adjusted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. As we detailed at our investor conference just a short time ago on September 8th, the trend toward accelerated digitization coming out of the pandemic has benefited our business by reinforcing that mode of competition. And this quarter provided further proof points of the wisdom of our approach to drive differentiated growth across the four pillars of our strategy. First, we extended long-standing relationships with both, CITI and CIBC as a reflection of our prowess as a top quartile Software-as-a-Service or SaaS technology company with unmatched worldwide payments expertise. Our durable partnerships with some of the most sophisticated and complex institutions globally speak to our competitiveness well into the remainder of this decade. Starting with CITI, we are delighted to have furthered our relationship with one of our largest commercial card customers for another eight years. This agreement highlights a key element of what is already today a successful B2B business at scale. More on this new pillar to our strategy in a moment. Were also pleased to have renewed our issuer relationship with CIBC, a top 10 customer in North America that spans both, its consumer credit and debit portfolios for an extended term. As we discussed in September, we also continue to build our pipelines with AWS to include additional fintechs, neobanks and embedded finance players spanning multiple geographies. We now have 25 active prospects in our issuer pipeline with AWS, up from 20 last quarter and 4 at the end of 2020. We also currently have 10 letters of intent with institutions worldwide, 6 of which are competitive takeaways. 2 of our recent LOIs have gone to contract. Were also excited to announce that, together with AWS, we signed an agreement with London-based 10x to integrate its cloud native core banking platform with pieces as payments as a service capabilities, allowing us to collaborate on modern core banking and issuing solutions for neobank and traditional financial institution customers. As we announced at our investor conference, we now have a terrific partner in Virgin Money for our first use case combining issuing and acquiring capabilities to offer transaction stream optimization solutions. Its worth noting that Virgin Money is also a significant competitive takeaway for us. Simply put, were winning in our Issuer Solutions business because we are selling more market-leading technologies to more distinctive and defensible distribution channels in more markets than we ever have previously. In our vertical markets businesses where we lead with SaaS at the top of the funnel, we were delighted to announce our new partnership with Mercedes-Benz Stadium in September. As we highlighted, we believe that we were successful because of our ability to seamlessly and uniquely combine software, hardware and payments across in-person, mobile and online channels. We expect to facilitate a best-in-class fan experience through market-leading commerce enablement solutions. Were now in pilot with Mercedes-Benz Stadium, and we expect to be fully live early in 2022. Were gratified that after canvassing the payments landscape in an extensive RFP including with a full spectrum of new market entrants, this sophisticated institution terminated their existing relationships and chose us for our software and payment technologies with a commitment well into the back half of this decade. Further, across our merchant technology-enabled businesses, our POS software solutions generated revenue growth of nearly 70% compared to 2019 in the third quarter. And our central education business in Australia grew over 50% versus 2019, despite lockdowns in that market. In addition to the key win at Mercedes-Benz Stadium, our Zego business delivered record bookings in the third quarter and also had notable successes with Subway, Whataburger, Bojangles, RBI and Wendys, spanning software hardware payments and data and analytics. These results highlight the benefits were seeing from the accelerated digitization in our markets. Our e-commerce and omnichannel businesses drove growth in excess of 20% again this quarter. This business is another example of pandemic-induced accelerated digitization benefiting us with current growth rates one-third faster than pre-COVID levels. A few examples of notable success here this quarter. Weve broadened our relationship with Uber and Uber Eats into an additional market in Asia Pacific beyond Taiwan. We expanded our long-standing relationship with The Swatch Group to now include e-commerce alongside the solutions we provide in-store today across North America and Asia Pacific. And we went live with Google as a merchant in multiple markets in Asia Pacific exactly as we said we would. We remain on track to launch Google Run and Grow My Business this quarter, and were already working on the launch of the next phase to help our merchants grow faster by connecting additional Google services including online ordering, retail inventory and reservations to our digital platform. These solutions will, over time, drive more consumers to our merchants and dramatically expand our value proposition with one of the leading technology players worldwide. Were also very pleased to announce today that we have extended and expanded the scope of our relationship with PayPal, one of the most sophisticated payments companies globally. This multiyear partnership leverages our unparalleled e-commerce technology footprint across cross-border North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, and it will dramatically expand our target addressable markets over its term. Weve added new geographies, additional verticals and support cryptocurrencies for the first time, together with CITI, Mercedes-Benz Stadium, Virgin Money and CIBC, what better testament to our current and future competitiveness. As we said in September, we continue to benefit from ongoing innovation in our ecosystem, including buy now, pay later or BNPL technologies. We expect to enable more than 1.5 billion BNPL transactions this year alone, and we anticipate issuing more than 50 million virtual cards with more than $23 billion in volume. Its a market we know well because its a market that weve been serving for decades globally. As BNPL continues to grow, we believe were well positioned given our presence worldwide and our unique offerings to benefit. Examples of our exposure include through network initiatives, traditional issuers, private label or charge card and program management, virtual card issuance, nontraditional issuers, including fintech, start-ups and neobanks, unique collaborations with AWS and Google, large existing scale players looking to expand BNPL globally into new markets and with added functionality and of course, the acceptance from our unmatched virtual and physical footprint with BNPL is just one of the many services at the point of sale in our commerce enablement ecosystem. At the end of the day, the enemy is cash and check, and further digitization, including BNPL, is the mode of competition. Our ability throughout the pandemic to sustainably expand our rates of growth relative to our markets has been indicative of our technology leadership. This quarter was no exception with our global merchant acquiring businesses delivering 900 basis points of outperformance relative to the credit trends reported by the card networks last week. Our consistent track record of share gains during the pandemic is something we highlighted at our investor conference. Im also delighted to report that we have successfully closed our acquisition of MineralTree in October after having announced our formal entry into the B2B market in September. As we highlighted then, we have many of the elements of the B2B offering post our merger with TSYS in 2019. And the addition of MineralTrees digitized payable solutions serves to enhance our B2B product suite and expands our opportunity set in one of the largest and most underpenetrated markets in software and payments. We intend to further scale our business rapidly. In addition to MineralTree and the extension of our commercial partnership with CITI, we had several other notable B2B achievements in the third quarter. These included a new relationship with WeatherTech in our Heartland business for B2B as well as B2C acceptance. Near 50% payroll solutions growth in the third quarter compared to 2019 and a ten-fold increase in a number of customer locations using our tip solution from our Business and Consumer segment for disbursement since the beginning of the pandemic. We continue to have tremendous firepower to conduct strategic transactions with billions of available capacity. Of course, this is on top of the $2.5 billion we have already invested over the last year, during a pandemic, in acquisitions consistent with our strategic focus, including our emphasis on faster growth geographies. In addition to nearly $2 billion weve returned to shareholders over the last year. To that end, we are pleased to have now closed our acquisition of Bankias merchant acquiring business together with our partners at CaixaBank last month, deepening our presence in one of the most attractive markets in Europe. And through our Erste joint venture, we also very recently closed our acquisition of Worldlines PayOne Austrian POS acquiring assets, enabling us to bring our distinctive distribution and market-leading technologies at scale to get another attractive market. And our pipeline remains full despite the investments weve already made over the last 12 months, the majority of which has been in software assets and furtherance of our long-standing technology enablement thesis. Paul?
Paul Todd: Thanks, Jeff. Our financial performance in the third quarter of 2021 exceeded our expectations, despite incremental headwinds from COVID-19 and the Delta variant during the period. Specifically, we delivered record quarterly adjusted net revenue of just over $2 billion, representing 15% growth compared to the prior year and 10% growth compared to 2019. Adjusted operating margin for the third quarter was a record 42.8%, a 170 basis-point improvement from the prior year and a 420 basis-point improvement relative to 2019. The net result was record quarterly adjusted earnings per share of $2.18, an increase of 28% compared to the same period for both the prior year and 2019. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.36 billion for the third quarter, a 21% improvement from the prior year and a 13% improvement compared to 2019. We are also pleased that our acquiring businesses globally generated 22% and 19% adjusted net revenue growth compared to the third quarter of 2020 and 2019, respectively. This was led by continued strength in the U.S. while we also benefited from improving trends in international markets, including Spain, Central Europe and Greater China. Focusing on our technology-enabled portfolio, we continue to see consistent growth in our Global Payments Integrated business, as we deliver a vertically fluent suite of commerce enablement solutions across dozens of vertical markets. As we highlighted at the investor conference, a number of our businesses, including our integrated business have grown right through COVID-19 and are now at levels that we would have otherwise expected them to achieve, absent the downturn. Our worldwide e-commerce and omnichannel solutions delivered growth in excess of 20% year-on-year, once again this quarter, as we continue to benefit from our unique ability to seamlessly blend the physical and virtual worlds and create frictionless experiences for our customers on a global basis. As for our own software businesses in the U.S., we are pleased that the overall portfolio delivered strong sequential improvement as the recovery begins to take root in some of the more impacted vertical markets. Given the positive booking trends we have seen throughout the pandemic, including this quarter, we are confident that the businesses most impacted by COVID-19 in this portfolio remain on a path to recovery. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 49.3% in the Merchant Solutions segment, an increase of 200 basis points from the same period in 2020 and as we continue to benefit from the underlying strength of our business mix and the realization of cost synergies related to the merger. Moving to Issuer Solutions. We are pleased to have delivered $458 million in adjusted net revenue, a 6% improvement from the third quarter of 2020. This performance was driven by the continued recovery in transaction volumes as well as growth in accounts on file, while non-volume-based revenue increased mid single digits during the period including low double-digit growth in our Output Services business again this quarter. Issuer adjusted operating margins of 43.4% were up slightly from the prior year. As you may recall, Issuer Solutions achieved margin expansion of 500 basis points in the third quarter of 2020 over 2019, fueled by our focus on driving efficiencies in the business. We are also pleased that our issuer team signed five long-term contract extensions during the quarter and our strong pipeline, including the growing list of opportunities we have in collaboration with AWS continues to bode well for our future performance. Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of $208 million, representing growth of 2% on a reported basis for the third quarter. Adjusting for the stimulus benefits and higher unemployment volumes last year, our adjusted net revenue growth was in line with our targeted growth range for the quarter. Adjusted operating margin for Business and Consumer Solutions was consistent with the prior year at 25.6% after expanding more than 700 basis points during the third quarter of 2020 as a direct result of our efforts to streamline costs and drive greater operational efficiencies at net spend. Further, we are pleased with the early progress we are making on our strategic partnership we announced last quarter with AWS in this business, while we also launched and began selling our earned wage access solution to existing B2B clients and into new vertical markets during the period. The outstanding performance we delivered across our businesses this quarter, serves as a further proof point that we continue to gain share and that our four-pillared strategy positions us well to capitalize on the accelerating digital trends coming out of the pandemic. From a cash flow standpoint, we generated roughly $850 million during the third quarter and remain on track with our target to convert roughly 100% of adjusted earnings to adjusted free cash flow. We invested approximately $132 million in capital expenditures during the quarter, in line with our expectations. Weve now successfully closed our acquisitions of MineralTree, Bankias Merchant Services Business and Worldlines PayOne Austrian assets consistent with our expectations. We expect the contribution from these acquisitions to adjusted net revenue to be immaterial in the fourth quarter. We are pleased to have also returned cash to our shareholders this quarter through the repurchase of approximately 4.2 million of our shares for approximately $741 million. We ended the period with roughly $2.5 billion of liquidity after repurchase activity and funding of the Bankia acquisition. Our leverage position was roughly 2.6 times on a net debt basis, consistent with the prior quarter. We remain encouraged by the trends we are seeing in the business, and we are raising the lower end of our guidance for adjusted net revenue to now be in a range of $7.71 billion to $7.73 billion, reflecting growth of 14% to 15% over 2020. We are adding $10 million to the bottom of the range despite anticipating an incremental headwind from foreign exchange rates since our last report and absorbing the impact of the Delta variant of COVID-19. We also continue to expect adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 250 basis points compared to 2020 levels, excluding the impact of our already announced and closed acquisitions. As previously discussed, we expect those transactions to result in a headwind to our margin performance, and we now expect adjusted operating margin expansion of around 200 basis points for the year. At the segment level, we continue to expect Merchant Solutions adjusted net revenue growth to be around 20% for 2021. We also continue to expect our Issuer business to deliver growth in the low to mid-single-digit range and for our Business and Consumer segment to be in the mid to high single-digit range for the full year. Moving to non-operating items. We still expect net interest expense to be slightly lower in 2021 relative to 2020, while we anticipate our adjusted tax rate will be relatively consistent with last year. Putting it all together, we now expect adjusted earnings per share for the full year to be in the range of $8.10 to $8.20, reflecting growth of 27% to 28% over 2020, which is up from $8.07 to $8.20 previously. Our outlook assumes the macro environment remains stable worldwide over the balance of the year and now includes an incremental headwind from currency. Finally, we are pleased that our unique strategies that capitalize on the acceleration of digitizing in payments, our ongoing technology-enabled mix shift, our exposure to expanding TAMs, including now B2B and our track record of disruptive M&A, provided us with the confidence to raise our cycle guidance at our September 8 investor conference. In particular, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share growth in the 17% to 20% range over the next three to five years on a compounded basis. And with that, Ill turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Paul. Our strategy has been centered on digitization since we started running the Company a little over eight years ago. By accelerating the underlying trends to our technology enablement, the pandemic has reaffirmed the wisdom of our approach, and we now target three quarters of our business from these channels over the next cycle, as we said in September. Our formal entry into the B2B market reinforces the existing legs of our stool, including software primacy, a leading e-commerce franchise and an unmatched presence in many of the most attractive markets worldwide. These strategies are complementary and interrelated and provide us with substantial and incremental growth opportunities for years to come. The record results for the third quarter that we reported today and our raised cycle guidance in September are expressions of our confidence in our strategies and are the most recent examples and best evidence of their success. We just delivered a record quarter on any number of bases in the best year in our history during the midst of a once-in-a-century pandemic. I think you can see why we view the glass as full. We exit the pandemic better off than we entered it. Judge for yourself. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang of JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Good to connect with you all. I wanted to ask first on the issuing side. So, you did announce a bunch of renewals and also it looks like AWS pipeline is picking up here. Im just curious, any change in pricing on the renewal front? And what do the new prospects on the AWS side look like? Are they more de novo? Is it modern issuers, traditional issuers? Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Hey Tien-Tsin, its Jeff, and Ill ask Paul to comment. So, were really pleased with the performance this year in the issuing business in particular, and we continue to make very good progress in AWS on two fronts: first, on the technology side; and second, on the distribution side. As it relates to the existing customers, there really has not been any change in the competitive landscape. I would say, we continue to believe that we win kind of 80% of the jump balls that come up. I think we announced today that weve got 10 folks in the hopper on the issuing side, six of which are competitive takeaways as before the LOIs that weve recently signed. So, we really dont view that as changing. Id also say that -- before its the second part of your question, Id also say that our partnership in collaboration with AWS really does sell in the marketplace. So, in the last quarter, weve met with a number of our large financial institution customers. And I think the public cloud first centric approach that weve taken with AWS starting a year and a quarter ago, really sells and resonates. I would say, as we said, the time, Tien-Tsin dramatically expands our target addressable market, I think we said it was 3x last August. But certainly, with large FIs and across the spectrum really does resonate. We think were ahead there based on feedback from our customer base. On the second part of what you said, I would say the vast majority of those prospects, and there was a page on this engine in our investor conference. The vast majority of those prospects are in neobanks, fintechs and start-ups. So, we certainly have a number of prospects on the traditional FI side, particularly in light of the Amazon relationship. I would say, the vast majority of what were looking at there on the co-sale side with AWS and now also with 10x and PwC really center around neobanks, fintechs and start-ups, and that 25 number represents the vast majority of them. And Paul, do you want to add anything to that?
Paul Todd: Yes. The only thing I would say, Tien-Tsin, is I just reiterate how happy we were with the growth in the third quarter. We had strong kind of transactional growth, strong account on file growth. So, our volume-based revenue was growing right in that kind of long-term growth rate of that mid single digits. And so, we expect that kind of fundamental growth to continue. And certainly as Jeff has said, the environment that were operating with is very similar to how weve been operating this business for years.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just a quick follow-up just on the -- for next year, given the incremental COVID and the FX headwinds, do you still see 20% EPS growth in 22?
Paul Todd: Yes. Tien-Tsin, we talked about this at the Investor Day that that target of the long-term cycle kind of guidance was consistent with how were targeting for next year to be at that higher end of that 17% to 20% range. Obviously, weve got work to do as it relates to finalizing kind of all of our plans. Well come back and give the formal guide at the start of next year. And obviously, well assess the environment at that time. But from a targeting matter, that higher into that 17% to 20% EPS growth range is still our target.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Jeff, when you talk about some of the incremental challenges from COVID-19, where did that show up? Is that mostly in Europe -- or in Asia, Im sorry? And is that -- did that continue in October?
Unidentified Company Representative: Hey Bryan, its Kevin. [Ph] If you dont mind, Ill jump in on that. I think most of it obviously shows up, not surprisingly, in the merchant business. So, I think we saw it in a few places. First, a little bit in the U.S. I think, we saw a very good trend in the U.S., not withstanding COVID, but we certainly did see in certain verticals, some impacted from the Delta variant in the third quarter. I would say more specifically, we saw it in Europe and Asia Pacific and probably more predominantly in Asia Pacific. Markets like the UK, obviously, were struggling with the Delta variant. Theyve now started to kind of come back a little bit more. In Asia Pacific, Australia had a number of shutdowns during the quarter that we had to grapple with from a financial standpoint, from a revenue standpoint. But, I would say, overall, most of that was absorbed in the third quarter. And as weve gotten to October, were seeing October trends slightly better than what we saw in the third quarter and even coming out of September, which was a better month than we saw in August. So, the trends continue to look favorable, October being slightly better than what we saw in the third quarter. And I think much of the Delta impact is really behind us and largely isolated to the third quarter.
Bryan Keane: Got it, helpful. And then, how about some of the trends in the businesses that had been a little bit slower, and thinking about education, ACTIVE, gaming, what does the rebound look like in those businesses?
Paul Todd: Yes. I think if you look at the vertical market overall, we saw a strong sequential improvement from Q2 to Q3, about 500 basis points relative to 2019 results for that business. But, it is fair to say that were still on the road to recovery in the vertical market business overall, largely because of the vertical markets that you highlighted. ACTIVE and K-2 continue to be down relative to 2019 levels. We did see sequential improvement in both, and theyre trending in the right direction. But theres still some time to go, I think, before those markets get back to certainly, the levels of performance that we saw pre-pandemic. If you look at the business overall, it was still down slightly relative to 2019 in the third quarter. But, we are expecting it to turn positive versus 2019 in the fourth quarter, giving us good momentum kind of heading into 2022 as we continue again down the path of recovery with the vertical market business overall. I would highlight, we continue to see very strong trends across AdvancedMD, our enterprise QSR, food and beverage business and of course, our higher education business, all of which have grown nicely throughout the course of the pandemic from a recurring revenue standpoint and all of which produced very strong results in the third quarter as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal, Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: I wanted to ask, Jeff, you about capital allocation at this point and the balance between M&A and kind of given where the stock is trading from a valuation perspective, potentially dialing up share repurchases. I guess, the second part to that is if M&A is the past, is it transformative large deals, or is it maybe pivoting to sort of many smaller deals type of strategy? Any color around those topics would be helpful.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Thanks, Ramsey. So, on capital allocation, I think you should look at what weve done in the last 12 months as being a really good indicator of kind of where were focused. So, in the last 12 months, as we said in our prepared remarks, weve invested $2.5 billion in M&A, primarily I think 60% of which is around cloud SaaS-based technologies. But, we did that while returning nearly $2 billion in capital to our shareholders also during the last 12 months. So, Id say, from a capital allocation point of view, and Paul, I think, described the math on the repurchases. I dont really think thats -- I dont really think thats changed. So, I think balance between the two is essentially what weve been doing and I would expect that to continue. On the M&A side, look, I think we look at most things that fit our strategic thesis thats been consistent over the last year. So, we look at things that are in the software space. We obviously now look at things that are in the B2B space post the MineralTree announcement. As we said, time last month, were actually in September, MineralTree, it was probably one of our first dilutive deals, and were absorbing that, both in our annual numbers as well as in our cycle guide. That certainly has expanded 10 as to what were looking at, looking at new geographies, e-com and the like. So, I dont think thats changed, Ramsey. I think weve got the full suite of opportunities. And I said in my prepared remarks, our pipeline notwithstanding the fact that we announced the closure of a bunch of deals today, our pipeline continues to remain full.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. A follow-up for me. Could you talk about the PayPal relationship, how it sort of evolved over time? And also maybe elaborate a little bit on the crypto piece. And if I can just bolt on another one there. Could you just call out the U.S. and global kind of two-year stack of a two-year CAGR in your merchant business? I just want to make sure that Im understanding the kind of sequential acceleration there correctly.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Okay. Well, Ill take PayPal and ask Cameron or Paul to comment on your last piece. So, were really pleased with the PayPal announcement today. This expansion as well as extension is for a multiyear term. So, were really pleased with that. I would say, theres a few differences before I get to the crypto comment. The first thing Id say is, were adding additional geographies as part of the relationship. The second, were adding additional vertical markets, where we can go together jointly to market with PayPal, which also is an expansion. And the third, obviously, is what you asked about around crypto. Now, crypto is really two pieces, Ramsey. The first piece is if youre using a PayPal digital wallet and youre buying crypto in the wallet at Bank card sources, particularly anywhere in the world, but especially for these illustrative purposes, North America and Europe, that will be us helping to facilitate those purchases on behalf of PayPal. And the second part of the crypto stuff is PayPal needs an acceptance at things like coin base to the extent that youre going online, buying crypto at something like a coin base and use PayPal as a pay button to procure that purchase to the extent that its bank card related that also is something that we expect to have a hand in. So, those are new things for us. Those things are hard to do on the acceptance side, especially on a worldwide basis. So, were pleased to be in a position to do that. And I would say, if you back up further and say, okay, what does it mean? Our view of our relationship with PayPal is that this expansion and extension really doubles the size of our addressable market with PayPal who were obviously very pleased to be part of. Cameron and Paul, do you guys want to talk about the last piece of the question?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Hey Ramsey, its Cameron. Ill jump in there. I think your question was, what were the growth rates versus 2019 for the merchant business globally as well as for the U.S. merchant business. So again, merchant globally, excluding our vertical market channel was up 19% versus 2019 levels in the quarter and the U.S. number was, I think, 22, 23, something in that range for the third quarter, pretty consistent with what we saw in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg of Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: I just wanted to drill in a little bit more on the own software, the vertical markets business. What were the growth rates there year-over-year and versus 2019? And just any color youd want to offer in terms of some of the specific verticals and what you saw there with respect to new sales and pipeline build, et cetera?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Jason, its Cameron. Ill jump in and Ill ask Jeff and Paul to add any color that they would like to. Maybe Ill just start with sort of baseline and things. As I mentioned earlier, the overall vertical market business, it was up roughly 16%, 17% versus Q3 of 2020. Its still down slightly versus 2019 levels, call it, mid single digits. As I mentioned earlier, we do expect it to turn positive versus 2019 as we get to the fourth quarter. So, Ill start with maybe some of the more positive vertical trends that weve seen. AdvancedMD, TouchNet, and again, our QSR business all reported very strong growth as they consistently have throughout the pandemic in the third quarter. TouchNet, AdvancedMD, both up mid-teens in the quarter. Our QSR business was up probably mid-30s versus 2020 levels. Again, weve seen a nice rebound in that business. And then, relative to 2019, TouchNets up 20-plus-percent; AdvancedMD is up almost 30%; and our QSR business is up almost 10%, call it, 8% to 10%, somewhere in that ballpark versus 2019 levels. So, Im pleased with where are those, obviously, vertical markets are trending, how they performed throughout the pandemic. We continue to have excellent momentum in those as we head to 2022. Now, obviously, we have seen more impact as we talked about earlier in our K-12 school business, in ACTIVE and in our gaming business over the course of the pandemic. School and ACTIVE continue to be below 2019 levels. We are seeing improvement sequentially, but the road to recovery for those businesses is obviously going to be a little more long tailed than what were seeing in other vertical markets. Gaming in this quarter was flat versus 2019. So, it has come back quite well. It was up meaningfully over 2020 levels, almost 30% in the quarter, and it got to flat versus 2019. And again, we expect that to turn positive in the fourth quarter. So, I would say, overall, the business is in the right direction. The verticals that have been more heavily impacted are going to have a little longer road to recovery. The sequential trends are good, and we expect to see that continuing, heading into 2022. So, Ill pause there and maybe just turn my attention to bookings trends because that continues to be a very good story for the vertical market businesses. We saw excellent new booking trends in the quarter, our recurring revenues in that business. Bookings were up 35% year-over-year. AdvancedMD recorded a booking record, up nearly 50% year-over-year. Our Xenial SaaS solutions were up almost 50% year-over-year and TouchNet was up almost 35% year-over-year. And ACTIVE and schools continue to see good booking trends despite obviously the overall macro continuing to weigh on those businesses. ACTIVE bookings were up in the mid-teens year-over-year. And our school business had positive booking trends in the quarter as well. So, as we think about the business overall, the bookings trends weve seen in this quarter, and frankly, what weve seen throughout the course of 2021 give us a lot of confidence that from a momentum perspective, were obviously building a nice backlog of business. And as the macro in the more heavily impacted verticals improves, we obviously have a lot of tailwinds for the vertical market channel heading into 2022 and 2023.
Jason Kupferberg: On the consumer segment, I was curious how that growth -- just under the 2% growth there in the quarter, how did that compare to your expectations? I know it reflected some deceleration off an easier comp, but we did see stimulus start to run off. And I know, Paul, you made a brief comment about that. So, I wanted to hear a little bit more about how youre thinking about sort of the normalized effects of the stimulus expiring. And you talked about the full year growth target being intact there, kind of mid to high single digits. But, with one quarter left in the year, wondering if we can hone in a little bit more on where you think Q4 may land, based on everything you know today.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, yes, its a good question, and youre exactly right. What really impacted us in 3Q was that unemployment insurance kind of additional piece that we were picking up. If you took that out, we grew this business in the third quarter at kind of that longer term mid to high single-digit target for the third quarter. And as we look to next quarter, as weve said, were expecting this to be in that kind of mid to high single digits for the year. Were expecting that business to roughly generate at roughly that level in the fourth quarter to that kind of longer term target. So yes, we get past, obviously ran comparison benefits for some period of time related to the stimulus and unemployment, but as it relates to the third quarter, that was the biggest dynamic that was playing through that resulted in that roughly 2% growth rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dominick Gabriele of Opennheimer.
Dominick Gabriele: I was actually just wondering if you could talk about the recovery in the vertical markets and how that -- I thank you for all the color already, but how that plays into your 2022 EPS guidance, what kind of levels of recovery in revenue versus either 19 or 20? Are you assuming that? And then, I just have a follow-up.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, I guess, I would start off by kind of adding on what Cameron said is that starting in the fourth quarter, this turns into a growth tailwind for us. And weve talked for several quarters now of this vertical market there because of the components of the business being somewhere about 300 to 400 basis-point headwind to our segment margin over the last several quarters. And starting in the fourth quarter with the kind of sequential quarter growth were seeing, this turns into a tailwind. And I think, as Cameron said, with all the bookings success that kind of weve had, were expecting that essentially 300 to 400 basis-point headwind to kind of turn into kind of a commensurate kind of tailwind as we move into 2022. Obviously, were in that planning process right now and well kind of get more kind of discrete levels of insight as we talk about the 2022 guide. But, the key point is exactly what kind of Cameron said is kind of a headwind turning into a tailwind, as we move to next year. And just in general, as we look to the 2022 guide and you kind of once again kind of go back to what we said at our Investor Day around our cycle guidance as it relates to revenue growth, those are the levels that were targeting at or even slightly better at the levels that were targeting at for next year as a revenue growth matter.
Dominick Gabriele: Excellent. Really great color on all this. And then, if you think about the distribution of your margin expansion as we look ahead and kind of what is implied for the Merchant Solutions segment in the fourth quarter, how should we think about the distribution of margin expansion across your segments, given all the opportunities you see in the growth path that youre focused on? Thank you very much, guys.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, as you talk about this year specifically and that kind of margin distribution, I mean its very consistent kind of a year with what we saw in the third quarter, which is merchant is the biggest margin kind of driver for us as a company this year, coming off the big margin gains that we saw in our issuing business and our Business and Consumer Solutions last year. And so, as we move into next year, things become more balanced in that regard. Its kind of margin kind of deliverance across the segments gets into a kind of more normalized kind of range. And obviously, at our Investor Day, we kind of talked about on ex-synergy, kind of what we expect kind of cycle guidance margin expansion to be. But obviously, for this year and for the remaining of the fourth quarter, the merchant margin expansion is the biggest driver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning of Baird.
David Koning: You gave good disclosure about the processing revenue percent of 19 -- being about 119%. We had decent MasterCard global volumes, I think Visa at 121 and MasterCard at 128. So, youre really close to that. I know its a hot button issue for why its a little bit below. I dont think its losing share. I think its just some of the verticals and the SMB exposure. But maybe, A, you can kind of confirm that. And B, is that going to catch back up as SMB keeps gaining share relative to like big box? Like how do you just see those patterns playing out?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Dave, those are wrong numbers. So, its up 19% and the Visa, MasterCard worldwide credit volume numbers that they reported last week were up 8% and 13%, respectively. The average of those two, Dave, is about 10% or 11%, and we just reported 19%. So, if you go back, Dave and look at our investor conference in September, we actually have a chart on this which shows how we do the calculation what we compare it to. And as I said in my prepared remarks, Dave, we exceeded the average of Visa and MasterCard by 900 basis points again this quarter relative to 2019. So, thats the right comparison from our point view.
David Koning: Okay. Got you. I just was looking at credit and debit combined. I was just looking at the total market instead of
Jeff Sloan: Yes. You got to look at -- we look primarily at credit worldwide because our business is mostly a credit business. So again, if you look back at our investor conference from September, Dave, on the left-hand side of that page, you will see how we do the calculation, and were pretty clear about how we do it. And the 900 basis points today compares very favorably and I think its the second highest number on that page relative to the start of the pandemic. So, from our point of view, thats the comparison. We really dont have a very debit-centric business.
David Koning: Got you. Thanks. No, thats really helpful. And I guess, the second one, just how big was Zego in Q3 just so we can get organic constant currency?
Paul Todd: Yes. So, Dave, we had talked at the time of Zego being about $100 million on an annualized basis of revenue impact. And so, in the half year, its $50 million or on a quarterly basis, its about at roughly $25 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Trevor Williams of Jefferies.
Trevor Williams: I was wondering just two parts for me and Ill ask upfront. Would you be able to just parse out the FX impact in this quarter from both, merchant and issuer? And then, in 4Q, just trying to back into whats implied in merchant to get to the 20% for the full year. It doesnt look like theres any real embedded improvement versus 2019 levels, at least from Q3. So, just trying to better understand the puts and takes there. It sounds like vertical markets a little bit better sequentially, FX a bit tougher, and then maybe just kind of holding October trends kind of flat through the rest of the year. So, just any kind of help there on the puts and takes relative to 3Q, what you have embedded for merchant? Thanks.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, roughly about 100 basis points is the way to think about the currency impact to us at a kind of total company level, and thats in the kind of the rough zone as it relates to merchant as well. And I wouldnt call out anything much more dramatic on that on the issuer side. And if you look at 4Q, which is kind of our FX commentary before relative to our expectations, if you look at 4Q, were expecting about half that kind of benefit in 4Q relative to 3Q. So, kind of incremental kind of headwind in the fourth quarter relative to our expectations of what we were expecting to see and saw in the third quarter versus what were kind of expecting to see in the fourth quarter, given where rates are, which is primarily driven by kind of euro and the pound and whats happened there. And in the last quarter since the end of last quarter where kind of where we are right now.
Jeff Sloan: And then, I would say, on the second part of your question in terms of the merchant implied guide for revenue growth in the fourth quarter versus 19, its actually acceleration versus 19. So, not correct to say its stable. Its actually improving. Paul, do you want to comment?
Paul Todd: Yes. So, yes, firstly is 19, were expecting over 100 basis points of kind of acceleration in the fourth quarter versus 19 than what we saw in the third quarter. So, were -- as we said, for the fourth quarter, were expecting kind of roughly to be at kind of an overall compared to 20 where we expect to land for the year for merchant. But, if you compare that to 19, were actually seeing north of 100 basis points of third quarter to fourth quarter acceleration on the merchant segment.
Trevor Williams: And if I could just sneak in a quick follow-up. Any comment just on how trends into October looked in merchant relative to September? Just any color there would be great. Thank you.
Paul Todd: Yes. And I think, Cameron maybe referenced just a little bit earlier is were seeing slightly improving trends in October versus September. So, were very pleased with what weve seen so far, starting this quarter. And obviously, the environment remains dynamic, but were very pleased with what weve seen so far.
Cameron Bready: Yes. And Trevor, its Cameron. I would just add. Its pretty consistent with what you saw from the networks that reported last week as far as a sequential improvement in our October versus what we saw in Q3 and September in particular.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vasu Govil of KBW.
Vasu Govil: Just I wanted to ask about the issuer business. I know the commercial piece of the business was a headwind this year. Sort of how are you thinking about the recovery in that piece of the business? And any leading indicators youre seeing at this point to support a case for recovery into next year?
Paul Todd: Yes. So, we have begun to see recovery on the commercial side this year. And so, things have been slightly better than we were expecting. And given those kind of trends, we are expecting to see kind of further acceleration of commercial into next year. As Jeff commented earlier, were very pleased to have announced the CITI renewal, which was obviously a very important renewal for us on the commercial side. So yes, both, as a third quarter matter, the growth that we saw there, obviously, were still looking to kind of get back to where the pre-COVID levels would be in that business, and were trending in that direction. And so, yes, that will turn into a continued tailwind for us on a go-forward basis.
Vasu Govil: Got it. Thank you. And if you could remind us quickly, the timing of some of the new wins that youre expecting coming into the numbers next year? And also if I may, if you could quantify the impact, I know you guys have said MineralTree is dilutive upfront. Does it sort of round up to ascend in dilution, or is it completely immaterial for the fourth quarter?
Paul Todd: Yes. So, a couple of things. Maybe Ill take the kind of the MineralTree and really all of the acquisitions. And we kind of commented on those as it relates to the overall margin impact in the prepared remarks is weve got, call it, a roughly 50 basis-point kind of headwind to the margin in the fourth quarter related to all of the acquisitions. Obviously, MineralTree is the most impactful there because, as Jeff said, it was dilutive. So, thats kind of the way to kind of think about as it relates to the dilution that were expecting to see in the fourth quarter, particularly on the margin side. And go back to the first part of the question.
Jeff Sloan: I think
Paul Todd: On the issuer side, yes, the primarily -- given our conversion pipeline, were looking more at a late 2022, early 2023 for most of the kind of wins that were talking about there. Theres a little bit of impact that comes in later than next year, but thats primarily 2023 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar at Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So, one of the questions I had was between the acquisitions that you made last 12 months in the steadily higher tech-enabled piece that youve seen over the years. Are you beginning to see changed seasonality in your business as you kind of think of the various quarters? Im just thinking of setup as we head into next year.
Paul Todd: No. Ashwin, I wouldnt call out anything kind of unique there. I mean, typically, if you kind of go by segment, typically as it relates to our merchant segment, our third quarter from a seasonality standpoint is our strongest quarter from that business, and nothing has dramatically changed on that. From a kind of issuer perspective, typically, the fourth quarter with holiday spend and the way that business is constructed, that typically is a stronger quarter. I would say that in general, that has become lesser of a seasonal outlier in the fourth quarter, just the way that business is and where we have certain pricing bundled and now thats lesser of an impact there. And then obviously, in our business and consumer, theres obviously kind of different kind of moving parts now with all the stimulus kind of comparisons, specifically tax season and the first quarter and depending on how that kind of plays out into the second quarter has been kind of the seasonal call out as it relates to that business. So, yes, at a consolidated level, I wouldnt call out anything unique thats changed on the seasonality side, but those are the kind of ways to think about it at the segment level.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: And then, as we sort of think of, again, sticking to the tech-enabled side, as the percent of both owned software and software partners sort of goes up. Could you talk maybe about the attach rates for cross-sold incremental work, whether it be payments or add-on value-add services, time and attendance, HR, various different types of things that you guys do. Can you talk about the attach rates and maybe some examples of progress?
Paul Todd: Yes. Ashwin, its Cameron. Ill jump in on that. Ill just remind you, I spent a lot of time on this on the investor conference speaking about this very topic. If you think about our strategy, its really centered around commerce enablement. And whether were working with a software partner or were working, obviously, with our own technology stack from a software standpoint where we go to market and verticals with our own capabilities, the objective is to continue to bring more merchants into our ecosystem, leveraging technology. And once youre in our ecosystem, obviously, finding new ways to provide solutions to them to help them run their businesses more effectively and obviously help them drive more top of funnel opportunities for their business. So, our partnership with Google is clearly at the center of that strategy, in terms of how we deliver more value-added services and more capabilities to our customers across, again, both our owned software portfolio, our traditional merchant acquiring businesses and then, of course, our own -- our partnered software portfolio as well. So, obviously, theres a lot of opportunities in front of us as we continue to execute against that strategy. We are launching Run and Grow My business this quarter. We expect that to ramp next year, and were launching Phase 2 of that, as Jeff highlighted, hopefully, in the middle part of next year as we bring online ordering inventory and reservations into that ecosystem. From a -- you raised time and attendance, its a great example of where we can take a solution from one market into another. Were selling time and attendance now across a few of our vertical market businesses that came out of our payroll solutions, and looking to bring that to a number of our integrated partners as well as a way to which we can, again, attach more opportunities to those partnership relationships. On the integrated front, Id also note that that strategy is also key to winning new ISV partners because one of the ways were able to differentiate ourselves versus just offering -- revenue share offer a larger pie from a revenue standpoint that we ultimately end up splitting with those ISVs because we can bring more solutions to the table. It makes the ISVs offering more attractive. It gives us more opportunity to grow and scale with the ISV. And as I always like to say, wed rather be focused on how to divide up a larger pie versus more finally slicing an existing pie thats not growing. So, I think as it relates to the overall merchant strategy highlighted whats really key, which is driving more commerce enablement by attaching more of our offerings to merchant relations that come through whatever distribution channel were selling through into the market.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, I would just add, Ashwin, to what Cameron said that we also talked about in the investor conference, our ability to add data and analytics which is business that we took through supply in this too, a business that we talked for essentially 0 revenues a number years ago to over $130 million. So thats part of the value-added services that you asked about. And then Cameron tied it to you. And I think all that stuff is working. And I think if you look at our results in the third quarter, mid-cam [ph] was up 13% in the third quarter, volumes were up 20% versus 2019. So, its the commerce enablement that Cameron is describing in response to your question, which is to say the virtuous circle of software at the top of the funnel, the cross-sells, the data analytics, the new partnerships, all that stuff is resulting in clearly above-market growth on the stats I just gave and what we put in the press release.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thanks again.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you very much. Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays event. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions and answers.  [Operator instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments ' Second Quarter 2021 conference call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results.  These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations, that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectation.  Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filing. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.  Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update that. Some of the comments made refer to non - GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance.  For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our 8-K filed this morning. And our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO, Cameron Bready, President and COO, and Paul Todd, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We delivered a terrific second quarter with each of adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted earnings per share outperforming our targets. We are most pleased by the compounded rates of growth that we realized in the quarter and are now forecasting for the full year compared to pre-pandemic 2019 levels.  While we've not clawed back all of the impact of COVID-19 relative to our pre-pandemic expectations, we have made substantial progress and are far down that path. As we have throughout the pandemic, we continue to expand our competitive mode through leading strategic partnerships.  First, we are excited to have agreed with our partners at Caixa Bank to acquire Bankia's payments businesses in Spain. Specifically, we will enhance our position in one of the most attractive acquiring markets in Europe, with the addition of Bankia's merchant business, consisting of roughly 100,000 customers in the region.  This pending acquisition further enhances our distinctive distribution and will allow us to delight Bankia's customers with our market-leading technologies, providing us with significant cross-selling opportunities, and deepening our presence with one of the leading institutions in Europe.  This agreement follows our purchase of an additional 29 % stake in our commercial joint venture last October which increased Global Payments' ownership to 80%. Additionally, our MoneyToPay joint venture has agreed to purchase Bankia's prepaid business as we continue to execute on our strategy to expand and diversify our NetSpend business into international markets.  We expect both of these transactions to close in the fourth quarter. Second, we are delighted to announce that we have entered into a new collaboration with Amazon Web Services, AWS, for unique distribution and cutting-edge technologies at Netspend to substantially increase our [Indiscernible] markets and accelerate our strategy across our three pillars of digitization, internationalization, and B2B expansion.  Much as we have done with our issuer business, we plan to leverage the AWS partner network, and dedicated partner development specialists to bring NetSpend's B2C and B2B digital payment solutions, including program management, to reward our base of Neovacs FinTech start-ups and other e-commerce players, as well as to new geographies.  This partnership will also provide an industry-leading cloud-based processing platform for NetSpend's customers to access cutting-edge technologies with greater speed-to-market, security, and flexibility. We are thrilled to deepen our go-to-market collaboration with one of the world's largest technology companies to continue our disruption of these markets.  Third, we are pleased to have closed our acquisition of Zego in June, further capitalizing on the convergence of software and payments in one of the largest and most attractive vertical markets worldwide. As I highlighted last quarter, real estate is a quintessence of the type of market that we seek: sizable, global in scope, fragmented, and ripe for further software, digital commerce, and payments penetration.  And COVID-19 has accelerated the underlying trends that make this $6.5 billion target addressable market so attractive as we continue to expand our software-driven footprint. It is my great pleasure to welcome Zego team members to Global Payments.  In addition to these strategic accomplishments, we produced yet another outstanding quarter of results. Since we began running the Company in 2013, our main focus has been on two areas: enabling diverse, distinctive, and defensible distribution, and developing market-leading technologies.  We could not be more pleased with the momentum across our businesses, evident in our second-quarter results and reflected in our increased guidance for 2021. It's worth noting that we have delivered the greatest value creation in our history over the last 8 years, despite numerous new market entrants during the entirety of that period, public and private.  And we have generated consistent financial and [Indiscernible] through a variety of macroeconomic cycles, including most recently the financial impact of the first worldwide pandemic in over 100 years.  The results are self-evident. We have record performance in the second quarter in our merchant segment on several bases. Absolute, sequential, and year-over-year, while also producing strong growth versus pre-pandemic levels.  Simply put, our payments businesses continue to significantly outperform and gain share fueled by our long-held technology-enabled focus and solid ongoing execution. On a more granular basis, we saw strong double-digit growth in new sales in both Global Payments Integrated and our vertical market businesses in the quarter.  And our U.S. relationship led business again achieved record new sales. This marks the third quarter out of the last four in which we have achieved such a high level of performance.  Rather than impede our strategy, the pandemic spurred further share gains and catalyzed the digital strategies we have had in place since 2013. Our omni-channel business is accelerating yet again in the second quarter, with growth in excess of 20% despite lapping the enhanced shift toward e-commerce globally, that began with the start of the pandemic in early 2020.  New customer signings this quarter includes Foot Locker as a key customer in Europe that will leverage our unified commerce platform or UCP to modernize its payment acceptance capabilities. We are pleased to have also signed new global UCP partnerships with Hunter Douglas and Euronet Worldwide subsidiary, xe.com.  Our ability to deliver a single API solution, virtually around the world, has been a key driver of our success, and our unique multinational footprint in both the virtual and the physical worlds has proven to be a differentiator versus both legacy and new market entrants. Within our vertical market businesses, we had a number of new key customer wins for our quick-service restaurant business, including Frisch's Big Boy, Krystal, and the Fiesta Group, while AMD and TouchNet continue deliver record revenue performance as they have throughout the pandemic.  Notably, TouchNet continues to add new Marquee Colleges and universities domestically and internationally, including the Arkansas State University System and Sheridon College in Canada this quarter.  We're also making great progress on our partnership with Google and remain on track to board Google as a merchant customer this quarter, and expect to launch our [Indiscernible] product and integrate Google solutions in our digital portal environment in the fourth quarter. Our issuer business delivered growth beyond the high end of our targeted long-term range.  We are pleased to have signed a new multi-year partnership with [Indiscernible] in Brazil, the financial services arm of the country's leading supercenter retail chain, to provide a range of technologies for its credit card and digital accounts, as well as to handle, on us, acquiring transactions.  Recall that transaction optimization is one of our key post-merger initiatives. More to come on that at our investor conference. We also signed a letter of intent with a large global financial institution, and long-standing partner in a new market in LATAM, that'll mark another significant milestone for us in our continued expansion into the region.  Further, we executed a multi-year extension with the UK's largest retailer, Tesco, enabled by our shared digital modernization vision for the future. Finally, we are pleased to have extended our relationship with Mercury Financial for a range of digital technologies.  This relationship serves as further proof that our industry-leading platform offers the agility to support leading-edge and tech companies. TSYS recently launched a strategic go-to-market partnership with Price Waterhouse Coopers or PWC.  As part of the TSYS partner program, we expect that our collaboration with PWC will diversify and expand our distribution and allow us to jointly offer innovative solutions, expertise, and execution capabilities to clients of all sizes across the full spectrum of Neobanks, FinTech, Start-ups, and Program Managers.  Again, diversification of distribution has been one of our key objectives since 2013, and we are using the same playbook with TSYS that we have successfully deployed in the past.  We continue to capitalize on the broad and deep pipeline we have the good fortune to have in our Issuer business. Today we have 15 letters of intent with institutions worldwide, 6 of which are competitive takeaways.  Turning to our unique collaboration, we now have 20 active prospects in our pipeline with AWS, up from a dozen last quarter and 4 at the end of 2020. These include a mix of new financial technology entrants and other non-traditional issuers in addition to large financial institutions.  As growth accelerates in this market, we believe that we are the ones doing the disrupting. While buying out Solutions may seem novel to some, we have, in fact, been providing leading technologies to that segment of the market for decades in both our issuer and merchant segments.  And we continue to deliver innovative installment payments products for customers. We are currently enabling our merchant customers in Canada in partnership with Desjardin with the Visa installment solution. CIBC will also launch a combined TSYS Visa installment solution in early 2022.  And we signed a global referral agreement with MasterCard supporting installment payments in June. Finally, in our business and consumer segment, we expect a unique post-sale arrangement with AWS to expand our distribution capabilities, again, much like we've been doing since 2013.  And together with our issuer business, we intend to further disrupt the program management segment in the near future. This is yet another example of application of our strategies to legacy pieces businesses. And we expect the same successes here as we have generated in other contexts. Paul.
Paul Todd: Thanks Jeff. Our financial performance in the second quarter of 2021 demonstrated meaningful sequential momentum and exceeded our expectations. These results highlight outstanding execution on our differentiated strategy of technology-enabled.  Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of 1.94 billion representing 28% growth compared to the prior year, and 10% growth compared to 2019. Adjusted operating margin for the second quarter was 41.8%, a 480 basis point improvement from the prior year, despite the return of certain costs we temporarily reduced at the onset of the pandemic.  The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $2.04 for the quarter, an increase of 56% compared to the prior year, and a 35% improvement from the same period in 2019. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment, Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of 1.29 billion for the second quarter, a 42% improvement from the prior year.  We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 48.5% in this segment, an increase of 750 basis points from the same period in 2020, as we continue to benefit from the recovery and our improving technology-enabled business mix.  We're pleased that our Acquiring businesses globally, generated 46% adjusted net revenue growth compared to the second quarter of 2020, led by strength in the U.S. Notably, our U.S. Acquiring business, which includes our integrated and relationship led channels, grew approximately 25% compared to the same period in 2019.  These results were led by our Integrated business, which produced a stellar quarter, generating a 53% adjusted net revenue improvement compared to 2020, and 35% growth relative to 2019. As for our own software businesses in the U.S., we are delighted with the overall portfolio delivered growth of roughly 30% compared to the prior year, and achieved solid sequential improvement relative to the first quarter.  As Jeff mentioned, our Vertical Markets businesses continued to see positive bookings trends, providing us with a favorable tailwind for the second half of 2021. Additionally, our worldwide e-commerce and omnichannel businesses saw growth in excess of 20% year on year as our value proposition, including our Unified Commerce Platform, or UCP, continues to resonate with customers.  Regarding our International businesses; while these markets have been a bit slower to recover compared to the U.S. on an absolute basis, our portfolio of businesses across Europe and Asia contribute favorably to our overall merchant adjusted net revenue as a growth matter, compared to 2020.  These businesses also returned to growth on a combined basis when compared to 2019. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we are pleased to have delivered a record 446 million in adjusted net revenue for the second quarter, marking an 8% improvement from the prior-year period.  This strong performance was driven by the ongoing recovery in transaction volumes across many of our markets, while non-volume-based revenue increased mid-single-digits during the period, led by our Output Service business, which grew at roughly 10% for the quarter.  Our issuer business also achieved record second-quarter adjusted operating income and adjusted segment operating margin expanded a 110 basis points from the prior year, also reaching a new second-quarter record of 43.9%, as we continue to benefit from our efforts to drive efficiencies in this business.  This is an impressive result, particularly given we achieved margin expansion of 640 basis points in the second quarter of 2020. Additionally, our issuer team signed 5 long-term contract extensions during the quarter, and our strong pipeline bodes well for future continued momentum going forward.  Finally, our business in Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of 227 million, representing growth of 5% despite lapping the benefit of the 2020 CARES Act last year. As a reminder, this business delivered double-digit growth in the second quarter of 2020, driven in part by our support of the disbursement of over $1.4 billion in stimulus funds during that period.  Adjusted operating margin for this segment was 26.9%, which was also ahead of our expectations. The outstanding performance we delivered across our businesses serves as a further proof point that we continue to gain share as well as the alignment of our strategy with the accelerating digital trends coming out of the pandemic.  We are also pleased that our integration continues to progress well. And we have now executed actions allowing for the achievement of annual run-rate expense synergies of at least $400 million and annual run-rate revenue synergies of at least $150 million that we have been targeting, exactly as we said we would do, and despite the pandemic.  We will continue to deliver additional expense and revenue synergies over the coming periods as our efficiency efforts continue, and we leverage the collaborative growth opportunities across our businesses. From a cash flow standpoint, we generated second-quarter adjusted free cash flow of roughly 452 million, or a little over 1 billion, through the first six months and continue to expect adjusted free cash flow in excess of 2 billion for the year.  We re-invested approximately a 130 million in capital expenditures during the quarter and continue to expect capital expenditures in the 500 to 600 million range for the full year. In June, we successfully closed our acquisition of Zego, consistent with our expectations, and we expect this business will contribute roughly $50 million of adjusted net revenue to our merchant segment in 2021, I would like to echo Jeff 's excitement regarding the agreements we announced today to acquire Bankia 's payments businesses in Spain and we expect these transactions to close in the fourth quarter.  Further, we remain on track to complete our purchase of Worldline 's PayOne business in Austria in the second half of this year. We are pleased to have continued to return cash to our shareholders this quarter with the repurchase of 1.5 million of our shares for approximately $290 million.  Following our balanced deployment of capital this quarter, we ended the period with roughly 3.3 billion of liquidity and a leverage position of roughly 2.6 times on a net debt basis, which is flat last quarter as expected. And this leaves us with continuing ample capacity going forward.  Based on our current expectations for the continued global recovery, we are again increasing our guidance for adjusted net revenue to now be in a range of 7.7 billion to 7.73 billion, reflecting growth of 14% to 15% over 2020.  We continue to expect adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 250 basis points compared to 2020 levels on a standalone basis. As a reminder, Zego will be a modest headwind to the upper bound of our margin target, now that it is closed, as it does not currently operate at our margin levels, despite having already achieved rule of 40 status.  At the segment level, we are increasing our expectations for Merchant Solutions, adjusted net revenue growth to be around 20% from high teens previously, which assumes the current pace of recovery continues worldwide. This marks the second consecutive quarter that we have raised our outlook for our merchant business.  We are also increasing our outlook for our issuer business, and now expect growth to be in the low to mid-single-digit range for 2021, up from our prior outlook, from low single-digit growth. We continue to expect our business and consumer segment to achieve mid to high single-digit growth for the full year, consistent with our long-term growth target for NetSpend.  As a reminder, we increased our guidance for this segment on our first-quarter earnings call in May, despite lapping the impact of the 2020 CARES Act [Indiscernible] to expect net interest expense to be slightly lower in 2021 relative to 2020, while we anticipate our adjusted tax rate will be relatively consistent with last year.  Putting it all together, we are increasing our expected adjusted earnings per share for the full year to a range of $8.07 to $8.20, reflecting growth of 26% to 28%. Our raised outlook presumes we remain [Indiscernible] over the balance of the year.  We look forward to updating you on our longer-term expectations for the business at our upcoming Virtual Investor Conference, which we will host on Wednesday, September 8. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Paul. As we look ahead to next month, it is worth reflecting on how much we've evolved our business. Throughout much of the last eight years, we have witnessed a multitude of new market entrants, newbie public companies, shifting modes of competition, and macroeconomic cycles too numerous to count. Some said a number of times over the near last decade that our best days were behind us.  The fact say quite the opposite. In fact, we have delivered the greatest value creation in our history during that period, and we believe we are placed today to continue our track record of our performance. The second quarter in our raised guidance today, are the most recent examples.  Our rates of revenue growth and bookings trends underscore sustained share gains despite managing through an unprecedented crisis. One proof-point, we now expect our U.S. payments business to roughly reach its original growth target for 2021 based on 2019 goals. In short, we grew right through the pandemic.  More to follow in September. The reasons for our success are straightforward. Our distinctive strategies, the technology investments we have made over many years, the support of our market-leading partners and customers, our execution consistency, and the quality of our team members have allowed us to significantly expand our competitive [Indiscernible].  As painful as it has been, COVID-19 has reaffirmed the digitization of our businesses. We believe that the best is yet to come. You can judge that for yourselves next month. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question and answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to 1 with 1 follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to question.
Operator: If you would like to ask a question, please [Operator instructions]. And your first question is from Vasu Govil with KBW.
Vasu Govil: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Great results here across the board. So maybe to start off, just looking at the merchant segment, revenues relative to [Indiscernible] 2019, I think they're roughly 12% higher. Could you talk about what's driving that? Are you seeing a lot of pent-up demand among consumers that's driving that type of growth?  I'm just trying to gauge whether, as we go forward, this type of growth rate could accelerate going forward if there's a lot of pent-up demand?
Cameron Bready: Hey, good morning, Vasu. Thanks for the comments. It's Cameron. I'll kick it off and maybe ask Paul to provide a little bit of color as well. I would say it's a few things. And I would start with the efficacy of our strategy.  Obviously, the technology-enabled businesses that we've been investing in for the last 7, 8 plus years now, really continue to lead the way for growth across the business, including our integrated business which grew 53% in the quarter, and up 35% versus 2019 levels. In addition, our e-comm and Omni business grew well over 20% this quarter, again, topping performance from last year where it also grew in the high teens level.  So again, relative to 2019, continuing to see very strong growth across the e-com and omnichannel s of the business. For me, it's really the strategy that we've been deploying that's driving growth.  And I think we continue to see a lot of tailwinds in those businesses looking forward through the balance of 2021, and heading into 2022, and then beyond. Paul I don't know if you want to have any more specific comments on that.
Paul Todd: Yeah, I would just say, as we said in the press release, we're pleased so far with what we've seen in July as well as it relates to continuing improvement relative to 2019 across the merchant segment. The only other thing would be, we worked see the growth in vertical markets when you're talking about just the segment, the 30% improvement year-over-year in the vertical markets business. So yes, I think that covers it.
Vasu Govil: Got it. And just for my follow-up, I wanted to ask the capital allocation question. I saw that you guys raised the share buybacks. Any color on whether you're expecting to do more buybacks versus M&A? And on the M&A front, I know, historically, you've been focused on doing accretive deals.  But given where evaluation for FinTech's are, that seems to be becoming harder and harder. So just curious on your thoughts. Would you be open to doing something that's revenue growth accretive, but perhaps earnings dilutive at this point, if it makes them for the long term. And if yes, what are some of the areas that, possibly, it might make sense for you to do?
Paul Todd: This is Paul and I'll cover the share repurchase, and then, maybe, turn it over to Jeff on the M&A side. Yes, we did resize the share repurchase authorization due to the fact that we had made significant purchases since our last authorization and we've said all along, our preference is to allocate capital to M&A.  When an M&A opportunity is not in front of us, we will deploy capital on share repurchasing. We were very pleased to do so this quarter, much like we did last quarter. We do not have share repurchases in the guide as a go-forward matter for the back half of the year. But we are always opportunistic as it relates to share repurchases.  We want to make sure we have the capacity to execute if we choose to do that. Jeff, you want to talk about the M&A side?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. About the second part of your second question, we actually have been very active on the M&A front in the last six months, I think with today's announcements with Bankia, we committed about 1.3 billion, U.S. to M&A in the last 6 months while committing to about 1.5 billion on the buybacks.  As we said in the press release, I think we've been very balanced between the two. As we also said, in the last quarter, Zego is a technology and software-driven business, very consistent with our strategy, particularly given the size of the real estate target addressable market.  Yet notwithstanding that, going back to the premise of your question, no, that deal was not [Indiscernible] and I think we announced it was immediately [Indiscernible] though there was really no discernible impact on earnings.  But nonetheless, it was not [Indiscernible]. We look at many things, so it's hard to say what we would or wouldn't do in the abstract, but I would say is, since we've been running the Company in the last eight years, we've not done a dilutive deal. I don't expect us to.  That's not the mindset we have as shareholders, and owners, and managers of the business, so I really don't expect our strategy to change.
Vasu Govil: Got it. Thank you very much for the color.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey, Jeff, Cameron, and Paul. Congratulations on the good results. I was, kind of hoping, coming out with the pandemic or at least, sort of lapping pandemic impact, if you can provide a breakdown of the expectations of tech-enabled businesses, 3Q versus 4Q, what do you see?  What part of the recovery is volume [Indiscernible] that's yet to come that benefits forward numbers? Education, events, things like that. Some quantification would be great on 3Q versus 4Q.
Paul Todd: Yeah, Ashwin. I'll start off, and maybe Cameron might want to add something as it relates to the merchant. But largely speaking, we're expecting roughly 3Q and 4Q to be largely similar across our businesses. As we had said at the beginning of the year, we had expected the back half of the year to return to a much more normal kind of state.  And so, clearly, there are some re-openings that will continue to benefit, kind of re-fueling the 4Q as countries around the world re-open from some of the closures. You're exactly right, Ashwin, as it relates to some of our vertical markets businesses.  As I've just commented, we're very pleased with the growth we saw in 2Q, but we would see more meaningful growth on those businesses in the back half of the year as we have more reopening and more tailwind impacts as it relates to those businesses. Yeah, those would be the dynamics between Q2, Q3 to Q4 certainly in merchants, and there wouldn't be anything I would necessarily call out across the other 2 businesses.  Actually, very pleased to raise the revenue guide on our issuer business; low single digits to low to mid-single-digit as it talks about kind of improving fundamentals in the back half of the year there, and pretty static stages as it relates to our business and consumer once kind of stimulus impact has been netted out of the first half and going into the back half. Cameron, do you have anything to add?
Cameron Bready: No, I think that covers it pretty well, actually. I would only add just a couple of points. One is, across the technology-enabled businesses, as I mentioned previously, going to the first part of your question, we're continuing to see very strong momentum in those businesses.  As Paul highlighted, July, sequentially, is better than June, as a trend matter, so I think we feel good about how things are continuing to progress, and those businesses are poised to continue to see strength in the back half of the year.  If you just look at the overall guide for the Merchant segment, that roughly 20% growth in 2021 versus 2020, that back couple of quarters going to have to be around that same level to make the averages work for the whole year.  So that gives you a sense as to how the business is performing, again, against tougher comps in Q3 and Q4 than we certainly faced in the second quarter. So I think that should give you a little bit of a sense as to the momentum that we have in those businesses. To Paul's point around the vertical market businesses in particular, obviously, schools.  Once we get back into obviously a normal school environment, or hopefully quasi-normal school environment. Here in August and September, that businesses, in particular, is poised to see a rebound in the back half of the year, as well as Active.  Active has seen very strong booking trends. Many of those events are occurring in the back half of 2021. I think we feel very good about how that business is poised to recover. And again, AdvancedMD and TouchNet have continued to grow right through the pandemic.  Obviously, a double-digit pace throughout 2020 and 2021. Those businesses are obviously in a very healthy position overall, but getting a nice tailwind from ACTIVE and schools, in particular in the back half of the year, will help the vertical market business continue to recover as an overall matter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: That's all great to hear. The second thing I had was with regards to AWS, obviously great to see the expansion of what you're doing with AWS. On the Asia business, any update and any metrics you can provide that can be useful for investors and markers of the progress you are making on that?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, Ashwin, it's Jeff. I'll go ahead and answer that. Let me first start with Netspend [Indiscernible] our new announcement today. It follows a very similar format the issuer announcement almost exactly a year ago today, but the one thing I will point out is that -- and that's been that there's primarily a focus on our part and Amazon's part on B2B distribution.  And I'd say in particular on program management with the scale that we have directed at Neobanks, FinTech and Start-ups. While it is a similar template, it's a very targeted initiative, very much focused on B2B.  And obviously, that's something, on September 8th at our Virtual Investor Day, that we'll be talking a lot about. In terms of your question on how we're doing on the issuer side. Look, we're really pleased.  We disclosed again yesterday, as we have for, really, the last year-plus, what our LOI pipeline looks like outside of Amazon, then with Amazon. I think what we said today is, we have sent 20 about letters of intent with our colleagues over at AWS, and that's for the whole spectrum about potential issuers.  Again, including neobanks, fintechs, and start-ups, as well as traditional financial institutions. And to give an update there, 1 we've singled out in Asia is in testing already and is live on a beta basis, and we expect to be fully live by the end of this calendar year.  And that, to give you a sense of progress, Ashwin, that 20 is up from 4 at the end of calendar 2020. So we've quintupled the number of LOIs that we have with neobanks, fintechs, start-ups, and financial institutions AWS really at a 6 through the second quarter, so kind of on a 6-month basis.  We couldn't be more pleased and decisive doing more business with AWS. now in the form of Netspend. Should be a recognition, not just internally, but externally, of how happy we are with how things are progressing.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thanks. We'll look for the update at the Investor Day.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Jeff, Cameron, and Paul. Your merchant results really underscore the strength in the credit card business, with credit really roaring back in Q2, closing the gap with debit, and debit strength fairly was kind of hallmark of COVID. As you look forward, do you think strengthened credit is really here to stay for the next year-plus?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, David, good morning. It's Cameron. I'll kick-off, and I'll ask Jeff and Paul to the chime in if they have anything they'd like to add. I think the short answer to your question is yes. I think credit card account growth is as high as it's been since 2010.  And obviously, on the heels of the pandemic in a more normal operating environment, we clearly see credit outperforming, to your point, debit clearly outperformed in the midst of the pandemic and by the way, a lot of that was prepaid debit, as stimulus was funded on those types of accounts.  So a lot of the debit growth was prepaid. But certainly coming out of the pandemic, getting back to a normal operating environment, we would expect credit to drive growth and really outperform.  And I think we see a lot of tailwinds, particularly for our merchant business, as a result of that, heading in the back half of 2021 into 2022, as a result of that. And then of course we see those same trends in our issuer business. I'll let Paul maybe talk a little bit on the metrics that we're seeing there.  But I'll tell you overall, we feel good about the growth in credit. And obviously as we've talked about throughout the pandemic, our book in the merchant side is more skewed towards credit. So that obviously provides a nice tailwind for the merchant business through the coming years. Paul, you want to touch on the issuer business?
Paul Todd:  Yeah. As Cameron said, we did have good metrics as it relates to account growth on our issuing business. We also saw very strong transactional growth in the issuing business as well, commensurate with the [Indiscernible] -- some of the numbers that you saw on a credit there. So yeah, we're seeing very strong credit dynamics in that issuing business, which I think underscores your question and also Cameron's commentary on it.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. I would just add if you look at our merchant -- our pure merchant businesses globally, as Paul highlighted in his script, they grew 46% in the second quarter. And I think that's versus worldwide credit growth, and Visa of roughly 35%.  So we're seeing, again, really nice tailwinds. I think it really is a result of our differentiated technology-enabled strategy, outsized growth relative to where we see the market overall. So those trends are very positive and obviously it's something that gives us a lot of confidence in the updated guide that we provided this morning.
David Togut: I appreciate that. Just as a follow-up, Jeff, you really underscored GPM's differentiation in your opening remarks. I'm curious what you think about PayPal's new pricing model at physical point-of-sale credit and debit card transactions with the rollout of Zettle pay. Do you see that being a significant competitive threat to GPN, or is PayPal too small at the physical POS?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, David, great question. Let me just start by saying PayPal is a good partner of ours. As we've said before, on both the TSYS side and the Global side, really around the world. So we've got a lot of respect for PayPal.  We think they are a terrific Company. As it relates specifically the i Zettle and their physical point of sale. i Zettle 's been in Europe for quite some time, David. In fact when PayPal was the deal, I think it was mostly all European now they've announced as you're implying some migration in the U.S..  Our business is in Europe, let's just use the U.K. and London as one specific example. iZettle's been here for some time. Our business has outperformed for many years throughout that period, both pre-Paypal acquiring, i Zettle and POS.  As it relates to the U.S. market, look that market's today, it was competitive today, it was competitive yesterday. It's going to be even more competitive tomorrow and it is ratherly pointed out our growth in our U.S. business, just around the same growth as our worldwide acquiring business around 46%.  And it compares to Visa's and MasterCard's worldwide growth of 35% for Visa and 33% for MasterCard. Whether iZettle was in Europe or iZettle was in North America over the last number of years, certainly hasn't put anything like a dent in terms of our growth.  And I think we will be talking about it next month at our Virtual Investor Conference, is the resilience of our business, our market share gains, some of that as you rightly pointed out is in our prepared remarks.  But notwithstanding the coming and going of many new smart competitors, our business has been resilient, pre-pandemic, and post, and will take you through the math and why we think that's going to [Indiscernible]. Listen, great Company, but at the end of the day, I don't think that [Indiscernible] our vision of our strategy one iota.
Cameron Bready: And David, it's Cameron, just another point to add on top of that, if you look at growth in accounts, and our point-of-sale business in North America in the second quarter, it was up a 100%.  So not withstanding a competitive market across the point-of-sale distribution landscape, we continue to see great traction with our point-of-sale solutions, particularly in restaurant, retail, and obviously across the vital platform. So again, I think we feel very good about how our point-of-sale system is stacked up to compete in the market today, and the growth we're seeing.
David Togut: Understood. Congrats on the strong results.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question is from David Koning with Baird.
David Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Congrats. I guess my first question -- when we think about normalizing over time, we would normally think 2022 merchant would be a 130% to 135% of '19. And I guess I'm wondering A, is that still possible?  You had a nice trajectory and maybe if you could bucket, what are the parts of the business that still have a lot of room to come back? What have some room to come back and what are already on -- what percent are already on good traction?  Because I guess, if we know there's a lot to still come back, we could get to that 130 to 135. So I guess all those are the question [Indiscernible] recovered.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, David, it's Cameron. Maybe I'll kick off and ask Paul to fill in some of the more explicit details. But if I step back and think about where we are today. If you look at our pure acquiring businesses globally, they were up roughly 19% in the second quarter versus 2019 levels.  In the U.S., that number was 25%. So again, I think we feel from a pure acquiring standpoint, we're on a pretty good trajectory. Now, what still needs to come back, to get to '22, a more normalized rate of growth relative to 2019, or, to say it differently, where we would have been, absent the pandemic.  Well, Europe is growing relative to 2019, but it's certainly growing at a pace lower than that which we've seen in the U.S. market. So Europe grew somewhere in the high single-digits, versus 2019 for the second quarter. So we still need a little more tailwinds from Europe fully recovering.  As you know, the U.K. didn't open up until mid-July, so as we get to the back half of the year, we're expecting to see a little more tailwind in Europe, as it relates to growth, and particularly relative to 2019 trends. And then, of course, Asia, which is a small part of the business.  But it's still lagging relative to 2019 level, largely because many markets continue to struggle with the pandemic, remain closed, and of course, cross-border activity in Asia is very depressed and continues to be depressed because of the pandemic.  As we think about 2022, the U.S. is on a pretty good trajectory to get back to something reasonably close to what we would have been absent of pandemic, given the outsized growth and the momentum we have in that business.  We need Europe to continue to improve as the lockdowns and then markets begin to reopen, and you see more cross-border travel pick up. And then I'd say the same thing's true for Asia, just given where it's relative to the pandemic.  I think the vertical markets are well-poised to get back to reasonable levels compared to 2019. As we continue to see, again a recovery in schools and a recovery in Active in the back half of the year as those markets in particular reopen. Paul, I don't know if you'd add anything more to that, but I think that gives a pretty good overview in the market and business.
Paul Todd:  Yeah, I think it sums it up. Good.
Jeff Sloan: I think I'll also just add on to issuer -- and Paul can comment here too, Dave. But we produced a fantastic quarte r -- this quarter in issuer, but I would say in particular the non-U.S. businesses echo a lot of what Cameron said.  We only recently, which is to say really the second quarter heading into July and continuing in July. We've only recently seen a re-opening for issuer purposes of a lot of markets outside the U.S., that will be a favorable comparison Dave, to answer your questions for the first half of next year. And I'll add to that commercial part. While commercial part, not surprisingly, is up versus '20, it's really not up versus '19. I think it's a pretty good picture, Dave. Adding it to '22 on the issuer side as well, because if you have those two elements of border re-opening outside the U.S. and commercial card relative to '19 starting normalized, that should be favorable elements for the Issuer business.  And lastly, I will say, in Issuer, we described against [Indiscernible] Ashwin, but those yellow eyes start to kick in, we start getting into the back half of 2022. We obviously also had announced [Indiscernible] probably about a year and a half ago.  Now, I think we set the time at the back half of the 2022 exam which we continue to believe. I think you're going to get similar comments that Cameron made on Merchant. You are going to get a nice tailwind heading into 2022 on Issuer as well.
David Koning: Thanks. Yeah. Great momentum with a lot of rooms to [Indiscernible] though, which is great to hear it. I guess my follow-up, Zego, it looks like you paid almost a billion dollars for acquisitions in Q2. I know you said 50 million [Indiscernible] in the back half, which a 100 million, I guess, from run rate, so 10 times revenue. Is that just growing at an astronomical pace?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Hey, Dave, it's Jeff, so I think you're missing one of our assets in there. [Indiscernible] also announced the acquisition of PayOne's [Indiscernible] business in Worldline in the second quarter. And then obviously today we announced Bankia as well.  So I think what we said was that the purchase price for Zego, just to get the math right, was about 930 million. There's also about a 100 million to tax asset. So that nets you down about 825 million, Dave.  So relative to the 100 million we do a year is about 8 times revenue. Now, having said that, at the end of the day, we do think it's a great business. I mean, Paul alluded to this in his commentary.  So if you think about a surrogate rule of 40, growth goes really beyond that. If you think about what we guided to you, when we did the deal at the time, kind of a double-digit organic revenue growth rate with margins into the 20s. That's how you get to the rule of 40 number. So we think very attractive [Indiscernible] basis. We view a date closer to eight times rather than the notional 10 you mentioned.
David Koning: Got you. Great. Well hey, thanks guys, nice job.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dave.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question is from James Faucette with Global Payments.
James Faucette: I'm actually with Morgan Stanley.
Jeff Sloan: [Indiscernible] congratulate you on your respective business.
James Faucette: Yeah. Just so everybody's clear. I wanted to just follow up on the acquisition commentary and there has been obviously inflation and valuations and as Jeff said, is still looking for things to be accretive, etc. At least in a reasonable timeframe.  Is that causing you to look further afield or look for acquisitions that are maybe more tangential to what you have done historically? And if so, where are you seeing opportunities through today? I think the ones that you've announced thus far, Zego and PayOne as well as Bankia today are quite interesting, but just want to understand more of the mindset.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, James, it's Jeff. No, we're not -- the answer to your question. No, we're not looking further afield. We've got plenty of BlueSky in front of us and our existing M&A, strategy. We expand that these records set a billion three including today's Bankia announcements on M&A in the last 6 months.  We certainly do look at -- and the economics, obviously, worked out just fine in response to Dave 's question too, just a second ago. I think we've got a plenty deep pipeline and certainly more for us to do.  We do balance, though, our view of M&A with where the capital markets are, and what our view of intrinsic value, and our share price, and everything else. So we have bought back about 1.5 billion stock, obviously not mutually exclusive.  We get both. At the same time the 1.5 billion and 1.3 billion. And we just re-up the authorization back to 1.5 billion. That's not in our guidance. Obviously, we balance our view as to where we would like to be in terms of growth and everything else.  But I think it's important that we consider that we think we're in a pretty healthy position heading into 2022 and the rest of '21 without more deals, so we think we're where we want to be. As a strategy matter, I think we feel really much the same because there's plenty of stuff that we look at.  But I can't think of the deal that we didn't do, changed because we said, "Gee, it's too expensive," or, "it's not accretive enough," or those other things. If we can't add more value with the strategic buyer, the thing that we're doing in terms of [Indiscernible] earnings, then we're just not going to do it.  I don't think it's a function of valuation it's much the function of our view of where we are in strategy and our view where the market is.
James Faucette: That's a great color. I appreciate it, Jeff. And going back to current market conditions. Cameron gave really good color on -- in terms of the different geographies, et cetera. I am just wondering if you're seeing any fluctuations in activity related to the Delta variant, and how much you can isolate, maybe to whether those variances, if there are any, are coming from regulation and policy versus just underlying consumer behavior.  Hopefully, that makes sense, but I'm trying to figure out where, how much policy may be impacting spending trends versus just the Delta variant itself?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Dave, it's Cameron, and I'll comment on that. As you think about the comments we made earlier as it relates to July, we did see sequential improvement in July, relative to June, so I think we still feel very good about the momentum of the recovery overall. To be very clear, I don't think we've seen any real impact yet from the Delta variant.  Obviously, we're monitoring it very closely and it's a fluid environment, but I would say sitting here today, based on data that we have through the end of last week, the volume trends, again for July, were an improvement over what we saw in June sequentially.  Most of the markets around the globe in which we operate, and particularly now in markets where we're seeing a reopening that's more recent. The U.K., Canada, for example. Obviously, I think they are poised to see stronger volume recoveries as we enter the back half of the year.  Look, I don't think there's a lot of appetite for more widespread lockdowns, particularly here in the U.S. as it relates to the Delta variant. Markets outside of the U.S. may react differently, but again, for our business, those are going to be relatively small impacts, we're most focused on the U.S. as the 75% of our business, and I'd say, thus far, we haven't really seen any discernible impact, but it is something that we continue to monitor very closely through the balance of the year.
Jeff Sloan: And as to what Cameron said, James, it's Jeff, is that if you, at the end of the day said that the non-U.S. markets, which as Cameron alluded to, about 25% of the Company. And then also the response to David Koning's question.  If those reached the level of recovery that the U.S. market saw, that's probably a couple of hundred basis points of incremental revenue growth over time that you could see. And those, as Cameron described, were not there, really, in the second quarter. I mentioned the same thing, really, on the issuer side. We'll see how that plays out over time.
James Faucette: Thank you very much.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, James.
Operator: Your next question is from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just a quick clarification. Just the 2 point of revenue raise. Can you break that up between obviously, the quarter outside, the deals, even just a cyclical piece. I just want to make sure I covered that.  And then on Bankia, just I'm guessing this is the same playbook as Taisha (ph), and I know that did very, very well for you. Just curious if there's any difference philosophically there. Thanks.
Paul Todd:  Yeah. Maybe I'll take the first one, and then turn it over to Jeff for the second one. If you think about the -- Cameron for the second one. If you think about the guidance raise, obviously, we commented on to close of Zego.  We said that's roughly $50 million as it relates to the back half of the year, so that's the first section of the guidance raise. And then, the second section would be both the overperformance in Q2, as well as continued better performance in the back half which underpinned the guidance raise as it relates to the segments on the issuing side, as well as merchant. So those would be the two components.  There's a little bit of FX headwind relative to the back half versus the first half on a realized basis. We also don't have the same kind of stimulus impact in the first half versus the second half. But those would be the two components. the Zego of roughly 50 million and then the remaining piece of that is the performance.
Cameron Bready: And Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron, good morning. As it relates to Bankia, I think the short answer to your question is yeah. It's the exact same playbook that we've executed with Taisha (ph) and our Filmortia (ph) joint venture over the last decade-plus now. Obviously, we continue to be very excited about the Spanish market. It is one of the most attractive markets in Europe. Frankly, it's one of the most attractive markets globally.  Just to give you a little bit of color, that market grew the domestic volume in Spain -- as a volume matter grew 30% in the second quarter and 15% over 2019. Again, despite continued restrictions throughout the country as a result of the pandemic.  The underlying secular trends in Spain remain incredibly attractive, which makes the timing for the Bankia acquisition particularly attractive for us as well. Bankia consists of about 100,000 predominantly small and medium-size merchants, although they do venture more into the large category as well.  But I think the interesting thing about the Bankia portfolio is it is more skewed towards domestic volume. So again, I think it's a really attractive addition to our [Indiscernible] and joint venture that's going to allow us again to further expand distribution in this very attractive market and gives great cross-sell opportunities for the differentiated technology solutions we have in the [Indiscernible] joint venture today.  We're delighted to be able to announce that this morning and a nice addition to our European business.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Agreed. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Tien.
Operator: Your last question is from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: Hi guys. This is Ben on for Ramsey. Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to follow up on something you mentioned at the beginning of the call on the Issuer business. I think you mentioned some of the newer potential deals are with some kind of newer entrant FinTechs.  I'm just wondering, are those the kind of deals that, as you've discussed before, you perhaps might not have gotten without the AWS partnership, and what sort of capabilities do they require, that maybe different from your traditional issuing business?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, it's Jeff. So the answer is, yes. I think the key thesis behind the partnership [Indiscernible], just almost a year ago to the day now, was first, really just to modernize the architecture and technology. And as we've said in response to Ashwin's question, that's actually gone very well.  And the second piece was the distribution. Of those 20 LOI's that we have pending with AWS, a number of those are with Neobanks, FinTech, Start-ups, and you're right, I don't think we would have been -- we would not be in a position we are today I think, without that. And I'd also say more broadly if you back up.  Just our general shift from Cloud-enabled technologies initially into Cloud-native technologies, it's just selling very well. One of the institutions of all sizes, including Neobanks, FinTech and Startups, and the like. Secondly, I'd say, and you saw our announcement on the expansion of our AWS relationship today into Netspend.  But whether it's at the issuing business or at the Netspend business, we're very focused on program management. To answer your 2nd question, I think we need to be more vocal on program management. I think historically, most of the revenue, the growth of debt in the issuing business is really with financial institutions and generally, inside of the U.S. and North America and which Europe with larger financial institution.  Key focal point of ours pre and now of course post AWS, both with Netspend as well as Issuer is on program management. That's a key part of our relationship with Evercore ISI going forward on the new partnership we announced today. I'd look for us to do more there and we'll share more details with you next month on 09/08.
Benjamin Theurer: Great. And if I could ask just one quick follow-up on a Netspend as we're discussing it. Any update on the MoneyToPay business and any potential synergies between that Netspend or how that fits under the AWS partnership?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. It's Jeff. I'll go ahead and start and Cameron can now join, too. We work at [Indiscernible] our strategy is in Netspend versus ongoing digitalization. And I think Netspend had pre-pandemic and pretty good digital footprint and not surprisen many one this phone, the pandemic has really accelerated that.  And I would say in a high 20s, 30% of interactions today with consumers with Netspend are done online, meaning [Indiscernible] spending with the card online. And we certainly expect AWS, of course, to continue to accelerate, that given their footprint. The second is why, as described in response to your first question, which is really a B2B and program management, but I'd be remiss if I didn't mention it all.  This includes earn way gash to access pay cards in our tech solutions. Those are all obviously also in play on B2B. And a third leg of the stool is really what you get [Indiscernible] which is internationalization. So a piece of that is MoneyToPay. The second piece we announced today with Bankia because it also includes a prepaid business, a debit business as well. And the short answer to your question is, it's gone really well.  Our thesis on internationalization is given that who Global Payments is, the three countries we operate in, particularly on the acquiring side, as well as the relationships we have in those markets, a great example is continental Europe with Spain, it allows us uniquely to expand what was really a U.S. only business which it is today for Netspend and for some of the competitors and really bringing it overseas.  And now we're approaching 9 or 10 months to post the initial closing of the MoneyToPay JV with Caixa, I can tell you that we're running ahead of what we expected. I think our thesis that we can bring our management, our products, our technologies to those markets has rung true.  The thesis of those markets are under-penetrated relative to U.S. is also true. We have seen some benefit there on government spending too, as we all emerge from the pandemic, not just here in the U.S., but overseas. It's really working out better than we hoped and really pleased to be where we are especially with the partners that we have.
Cameron Bready: The one thing I would add to that the AWS partnership on the Netspend side, makes it easier for us to obviously bring our technology capabilities to markets like Spain, where we've been delighted to Jeff's point with the performance of MoneyToPay thus far.  And obviously we look forward to adding the Bankia prepaid business into that business for us as well. As we move forward in time, with AWS it makes it easier to bring technology product capability to markets outside of the U.S. as we continue the internationalization strategy for the Netspend business.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Great. Well, thank so much for taking the questions and looking forward to seeing you next month.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, [Indiscernible] (ph). On behalf of Global Payments. Thank you for joining us on the call this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning. And welcome to Global Payments first quarter 2021 conference call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speaks only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpayments.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We delivered our best performance since the end of 2019 because of our focus on technology enablement coupled with excellence in execution. Our results demonstrated strong sequential momentum from the fourth quarter of 2020 and improved monthly throughout the first quarter of 2021. We are encouraged by the overall run rates we are seeing in the business. We exited the first quarter in a better position than we entered it. We are delighted to have to return to growth in the first quarter of 2021. We were able to deliver revenue, margin and earnings per share growth despite facing difficult year-over-year comparisons as the pandemic did not begin to impact our business until mid-March 2020. None of this would have been possible without the dedication of our exceptional team members, and we thank them for their commitment to our customers, our communities and each other, and we continue to expand our competitive moat. We are pleased today to announce two strategic acquisitions for approximately $1 billion in total that further our software-driven, technology-enabled strategy and deepen our presence in the most attractive markets globally. We expect to continue to gain market share and extend our lead. In combination with the roughly $1 billion in share repurchases we've effected since returning to our capital allocation strategy at the end of last year, we continue to balance appropriately reinvestment in the future growth of our business with efficient return of capital. First, with our agreement to acquire Zego, we enter one of the largest and most attractive vertical most attractive vertical markets worldwide. Real estate is the quintessence of the type of market that we seek, sizable, global in scope, fragmented and ripe for further software, digital commerce and payments penetration. And COVID-19 has accelerated the underlying changes that make this $6.5 billion target addressable market so attractive. Zego is a leading software and payment technology company with significant scale, delivering a comprehensive real estate technology platform to 7,300 customers, representing more than 11 million residential units in the United States. Zego's digital omni-channel solutions support property managers and residents throughout the real estate life cycle, from leasing and on-boarding, to work orders, utility management, resident communications, renewals, off-boarding, and, of course, payments. Through its integrated payments offering, Zego processes approximately $30 billion in payments annually in a market with a volume opportunity that exceeds $1 trillion. The company delivers its full value stack through a cloud-native SaaS platform to enable seamless digital property management and best-in-class resident engagement and omni-channel experiences. It is a highly scalable and predictable flywheel with compelling recurring revenue, strong retention rates, booking trends and lifetime customer value returns with double-digit organic revenue growth. Importantly, we have significant opportunities to accelerate Zego's growth. We intend to leverage Global Payments' scale and digital expertise to further payments penetration into Zego's base, generate incremental property and software partner referrals to our more than 3,500 sales and sales support professionals, expand its footprint outside the United States and generate meaningful cross selling opportunities into its vertical market, including innovative products we already deliver into our merchant business, like payroll, data and analytics and reputation management. We could not be more excited about further capitalizing on the convergence of software and payments, and we look forward to welcoming Zego team members to Global Payments. Second, we are excited to have reached an agreement through our Erste joint venture to purchase Worldline's PAYONE business in Austria, consisting of roughly 8,000 primarily SMB merchant customers in Erste Bank's home market. We entered Austria through organic market expansion of our Continental European joint venture roughly 18 months ago. This pending acquisition enables us to bring our distinctive distribution and market-leading technologies at scale to yet another attractive market. In addition to these strategic accomplishments in early 2021, we also produced a solid first quarter results across our existing businesses. First, in our merchant segment, we delivered significant sequential improvement fueled by our technology enabled focus and the conversion of last year's share and bookings gains into revenue. And we generated these results, while absorbing ongoing lockdowns in Canada and renewed restrictions in selected markets in Europe and Asia Pacific. Some highlights in the first quarter of 2021 include: record new sales in our Global Payments Integrated business in March and our US relationship-led business for the quarter, record revenue growth at GPI for the quarter well in excess of pre-pandemic levels, record bookings at Xenial for a cloud-based restaurant POS software and solutions; and continued sequential acceleration in our omni-channel businesses. It is worth highlighting that volumes accelerated throughout the quarter, that trend that has continued into April. Key customer wins include Subway, CKE Restaurants, A&W Foods and Bojangles. It's also notable, that several of these businesses that were most impacted by COVID-19 saw substantial sequential growth in revenue and bookings in the first quarter, as our home markets enter recovery. For example, active and gaming achieved significant improvement as better macro trends, strong execution and solid bookings over the course of 2020 benefited performance in 2021. In fact, we have continued to see positive booking trends across our software portfolio as the ability to deliver a full value stack is increasingly becoming table stakes in the markets we serve. We also made considerable progress on the partnership with Google that we announced in February. We expect to board Google as a merchant customer in select Asia markets in the third quarter, with North America to follow shortly thereafter. We have initiated our co-sell program, and are beginning to see referrals from Google, on a number of their enterprise cloud clients. We anticipate launching our one and grow my business products that integrates Google Solutions with our innovative capabilities in our digital portal environment in the fourth quarter of this year. And we have launched our co-innovation efforts to develop new commerce enablement tools for our merchant customers. Second, our Issuer business continues to benefit from strong relationships with market leaders. And we are excited to announce today, that we have entered into a multi-year renewal with Barclays Consumer Bank in the United States. Barclays is one of our largest customers globally. And we provide a range of processing and support technologies for both Barclay's consumer, and commercial credit card portfolios. We look forward to working with Barclays to enable a best-in-class customer experience with unparalleled levels of security and resiliency for its newest partner, the gap in its portfolio of accounts, yet another competitive takeaway. Partnering with Issuers that are gaining share in the marketplace is a key element of our strategy. We were also pleased to have signed agreements with Mission Lane and UMB Financial, with the latter being a competitive takeaway in which with the prior processing relationship had spanned decades. In collaboration with AWS, UMB will adopt our cloud-based data and analytics platform, which we also successfully deployed during the quarter for a multi-country customer in Latin America. We continue to capitalize on the broad and deep pipeline, we have the good fortune to have in our Issuer business. Today, we have 12 letters of intent with financial institutions worldwide, six of which are competitive takeaways. Turning to AWS, we expect to go live with our first joint takeaway with a multinational financial institution in Asia, by the end of the year. Our cloud prime instance is now up and running currently in that market in preparation for the launch. We have another dozen active customers in our pipeline of AWS, up from four at the end of 2020. Third, our Business and Consumer segment delivered record revenue growth. I am very proud that Netspend once again facilitated the rapid distribution of stimulus funds to customers most in need. Since late December 2020, we have processed more than 2 million deposits, accounting for over $3.5 billion in stimulus payments disbursed by the IRS to American consumers. And this was done days in advance of many of our traditional financial institutions and financial and technology peers. In combination with the 2020 stimulus payments, we have disbursed more than $5 billion in aid to customers through the first quarter of 2021. The pandemic accelerated move to our cash flow solutions is also benefiting Netspend. For example, we are seeing rapid adoption of our TIPS [ph] solution, and we reached a new agreement with Flynn Restaurant Group for its Pizza Hut and Wendy's franchise locations, which will drive additional pay card and potential TIPS opportunities across a combined footprint of more than 1,000 restaurants. We also launched our cashless Stadium Card linked to a digital wallet with the Phoenix Suns at the Phoenix Suns Arena. These achievements serve as proof points of our differentiated strategy that includes product extensions into the P2P, B2B and B2C segments. I could not be more pleased with all that we accomplished across our businesses this quarter. In March, we returned to year-over-year growth in each of our three segments, and the underlying trajectories are tracking for our longer-term goals, just as we predicted they would, despite the impact of ongoing restrictions and lockdowns in some of our markets outside the United States. Paul?
Paul Todd: Thanks, Jeff. We are pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter of 2021, which demonstrated meaningful sequential momentum and reflected our ongoing strong execution across the business. Specifically, we delivered adjusted net revenue of $1.81 billion, representing 5% growth compared to the prior year and marking an 800 basis point improvement relative to the performance we reported in the fourth quarter of 2020. Adjusted operating margin for the first quarter was 40.6%, a 160 basis point improvement from the prior year that was achieved despite the return of certain costs we temporarily reduced at the onset of the pandemic. On a comparable basis, underlying margin trends would have improved approximately 300 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.82 for the quarter, an increase of 15% compared to the prior year period and was especially impressive in light of the difficult year-on-year comparison due to COVID-19. The pandemic did not begin to impact our business meaningfully until the second half of March of last year. And as a reminder, we delivered 18% adjusted earnings per share growth in the first quarter of 2020. Taking a closer look at our performance by segment. Merchant Solutions achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.15 billion for the first quarter, a 4.4% improvement from the prior year, which marked a nearly 900 basis point improvement from the fourth quarter. We delivered an adjusted operating margin of 46.3% in this segment, an increase of 90 basis points from the same period in 2020, as we continue to benefit from our improving technology-enabled business mix. Global Payments Integrated produced a stellar quarter, generating in excess of 20% adjusted net revenue improvement, which is ahead of the levels of growth this business was delivering pre-pandemic. Additionally, our worldwide e-commerce and omni-channel businesses, excluding T&E, delivered roughly 20% growth as our value proposition that seamlessly spans both the physical and virtual worlds continues to resonate with customers. As for our own software portfolio, we are encouraged to see that several of our businesses most impacted by the pandemic improved meaningfully sequentially, as Jeff mentioned, and it is worth highlighting that our gaming business returned to growth this quarter. And across our vertical markets portfolio, bookings continued to prove resilient in the first quarter, providing us with a positive tailwind for the balance of 2021. We are also pleased that our US relationship-led business generated high single digit adjusted net revenue growth for the first quarter, which is consistent with our long-term targeted growth rate for this channel, despite a difficult comparison to the first quarter of 2020. And notwithstanding a challenging environment in several of our international markets, our portfolio of businesses across Europe and Asia improved significantly and delivered adjusted net revenue that was essentially flat with last year for the quarter. Importantly, because our international businesses are largely focused on domestic spending in the markets in which we operate, we are seeing improvement in these businesses well in advance of cross-border commerce recovering. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we delivered $439 million in adjusted net revenue for the first quarter, which was roughly flat versus the prior year period and exceeded our expectations given traditional fourth quarter to first quarter sequential trends. Excluding the commercial card business, our Issuer segment grew in the low single digits for the quarter. And in the month of March, issuer delivered growth in aggregate despite continued commercial card headwinds as we benefited from the ongoing recovery in transaction volumes across many of our markets. We also saw non-volume-based revenue increased mid single digits in the first quarter. Notably, our Issuer business achieved record first quarter adjusted operating income and adjusted segment operating margin expanded 370 basis points from the prior year, also reaching a new first quarter record of 43.2% as we continue to benefit from our efforts to drive efficiencies in the business. Additionally our Issuer team signed three long-term contract extensions and three new contracts since the start of the year, and our strong pipeline bodes well for future performance, consistent with our long-term expectations. Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered record adjusted net revenue of $244 million, representing growth of nearly 20% from the prior year. Gross dollar volume increased 26% or $2.5 billion as we benefited from the stimulus we dispersed to our customers. Trends within our DDA products were also very strong, helped by the stimulus, and we realized an acceleration in active account growth of more than 45% compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of stimulus payments and tax, we believe that this business achieved underlying growth in the roughly mid single digit range, in line with our long-term targets. Adjusted operating margin for this segment improved an impressive 750 basis points to a record 33.2% as the benefits of the stimulus and long-term cost initiatives post merger took effect. The solid performance we delivered across our segments highlights the resiliency of our technology enabled portfolio, consistency of our execution and the strong tailwinds in our business coming out of the pandemic. We are also pleased that our integration continues to progress well, and we remain on track to achieve our increased goals from the TSYS merger of annual run rate expense synergies of at least $400 million and annual run rate revenue synergies of at least $150 million within 3 years. From a cash flow standpoint, we generated adjusted first quarter free cash flow of roughly $583 million after reinvesting $86 million in capital expenditures. We expect adjusted free cash flow of more than $2 billion and capital expenditures to be in the $500 million to $600 million range for the full year. In mid-February, we successfully issued $1.1 billion in senior unsecured notes maturing in 2026 at an attractive interest rate of 1.2%. The transaction was credit-neutral, with the proceeds used to redeem $750 million of notes outstanding with a rate of 3.8% due in April 2021. The balance of the proceeds, were used to reduce our outstanding revolver. We have no significant maturities until 2023. Our strong cash generation and healthy balance sheet have enabled us to create significant value, through our capital allocation strategy to the benefit of our shareholders. We are pleased to have repurchased roughly 4 million of our shares for approximately $783 million during the first quarter, which includes the execution of the $500 million accelerated share repurchase program, we announced last quarter. We ended the quarter with roughly $3 billion of liquidity and a leverage position of roughly 2.6 times on a net debt basis. And we are excited to announce that we have reached agreements to make additional investments in our technology enabled strategy and market expansion. As Jeff highlighted, we executed a definitive agreement to acquire Zego and Worldline's PAYONE business in Austria, for an aggregate of approximately $1 billion. We expect to finance these transactions using cash on hand and our existing credit facility. We are targeting closing the Zego transaction by the end of the second quarter and the Worldline acquisition in the second half of 2021, both subject to regulatory approvals. Upon completion of both transactions, given our current cash balance and strong cash generation, we expect our leverage position will be relatively consistent with current levels, leaving us with ample continuing firepower. Based on our current expectations for continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic worldwide, we have increased our guidance for adjusted net revenue to now be in a range of $7.55 billion to $7.625 billion, reflecting growth of 12% to 13% over 2020. We expect adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 250 basis points, compared to 2020 levels. This outlook is consistent, with an adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 450 basis points on a normalized basis, given the operating leverage in our business and expense synergy actions related to the TSYS merger. However, this is being partially offset by the reinstatement of certain expenses in 2021 that were temporarily reduced at the on-set of COVID-19 for most of 2020. At the segment level, we have increased our expectations for adjusted net revenue growth for our Merchant Solutions segment to be in the high teens, which assumes the current pace of recovery continues worldwide. We expect underlying trends in our Issuing business to be in the mid to high single digit range and above our mid single digit growth target. It is worth noting, that our Issuer business generated high single digit growth on a normalized basis for the month of March, as we began to lap the pandemic impact. As we discussed last quarter, Issuer is being impacted by two distinct and relatively equal sized headwinds. First, we are not anticipating a recovery in our commercial card business, as we expect corporate travel to remain depressed throughout 2021. Second, we are absorbing a portfolio sale by one of our customers which will impact us for the remainder of the year. Taking these two items into account, we forecast our Issuer business to deliver adjusted net revenue growth in the low single digit range for the year. Lastly, incorporating the benefits of the incremental March stimulus, we are now forecasting adjusted net revenue growth for our Business and Consumer segment to be in the mid to high single digits for the full year, consistent with our long-term expectations for this business. This guidance takes into account lapping the benefits of the 2020 CARES Act, which will provide for a more difficult comparison in the second quarter of 2021. Regarding segment margins, we expect the up to 250 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement for the total company to be driven largely by Merchant Solutions, while we expect Issuer and Business and Consumer to deliver normalized margin expansion consistent with the underlying profiles of these businesses. This follows the 500 and 400 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion delivered by Issuer and Business and Consumer respectively in 2020. From a quarterly phasing perspective, having now lapped muted growth characteristics in the first quarter given the start of the pandemic in mid-March 2020, we will experience the opposite effect in the second quarter before returning to more normalized rates of growth in the back half of the year. I highlight that while we expect to achieve our strongest adjusted revenue growth, adjusted margin expansion and adjusted earnings per share growth for the total company in the second quarter, our Business and Consumer segment will be lapping the impact of the CARES Act stimulus last year. While we anticipate Netspend to deliver modest adjusted net revenue growth for the second quarter, we expect adjusted operating margins to decline for that segment year-on-year as a result. On an absolute basis, we would expect Business and Consumer adjusted operating margins for the second quarter to be consistent with the levels achieved in the fourth quarter of 2020, a period that also saw more limited benefits from stimulus. Moving to non-operating items. We continue to expect net interest expense to be slightly lower in 2021 relative to 2020, but we anticipate our adjusted tax rate will be relatively consistent with last year. Putting it all together, we now have increased our expected adjusted earnings per share for the full year to a range of $7.87 to $8.07, reflecting growth of 23% to 26% over 2020. Our raised outlook presumes we remain on a path toward recovery worldwide over the balance of the year, and it does not include any impact from the Zego and Worldline Austrian business acquisitions we announced today. We will further update our guidance when these transactions close, but it is worth noting now that we do not expect these transactions to have a discernible impact on adjusted earnings per share for 2021. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Paul. Our business is run rating at accelerated levels. The trends of digitization, commerce enablement, software differentiation and omni-channel prevalence driving our performance will serve to catalyze future growth. We said over the course of the last year that we would not stand still or wait for a better day to continue to deepen our competitive moat despite one of the most challenging periods any of us had seen. As a result of our team members terrific efforts, 2020 bookings have begun to translate into 2021 outsized revenue gains. The announcement today of our return to strategic investments will provide further avenues for future growth. And all that is playing out against the backdrop of recovery, further differentiation from technology enablement, deeper penetration into attractive markets, sustained share gains and substantial and efficient returns of capital. We now look forward to continuing progress for the remainder of 2021, 2022 and beyond. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Jeffrey of Trust Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you. Good morning. I appreciate all the detail, especially regarding the outlook. I wonder, Jeff, if you could talk a little bit about where you're seeing particular strength in integrated and omni, both geo and vertical markets. Because it seems like that's really more than offsetting some of the challenges you're seeing in Europe and APAC?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. It's Jeff, I'll start and maybe Cameron and Paul will join me thereafter. It's hard to say with any certainty because we've had the integrated business now at legacy Global Payments for probably 8.5 years. But I would say that our Global Payments Integrated business just delivered its best quarter ever from a revenue point of view, and that's especially noteworthy when we haven't lapped the majority in the first quarter of 21, the majority of the rollover from the first quarter of 20. So I think what you're really seeing in the Integrated business is the solid bookings growth. The new partner additions that we saw last year really flowing into revenue, and I think we have flywheel on that business really just right. So we can't be more pleased with our team on Integrated. I'd say on the omni-channel business, really pretty much the same thing. Our business accelerated sequentially in the first quarter of 21, relative to the fourth quarter of 20 and grew absolutely at the rate, as Paul described, 20% year-over-year, again without lapping the pandemic pretty much from the first quarter of 20. So we feel really good about that performance as well. So we couldn't be more pleased. Listen, our home market in the United States, it's 70% to 75% of the company. You really have to go, and you're pointing about the rest of geographies and the rest of the market, you really have to go kind of country-by-country to see what's happening. I would say we do see areas of growth in Asia Pacific, but, of course, India and Philippines are more difficult, as I'm sure everyone has been reading about the difficult - the terrible situation in India. Canada, really, at the end of the quarter and really post the quarter, has enacted pretty strict lockdowns. But that's probably about 3% or 4% of the company, Andrew, just to kind of quantify what the size of that market is. And in Europe, it's really a mixed bag. I would say our business in Spain domestically is growing at very high rates, notwithstanding broader macro issues across the European Union. The UK has really started to recover. But there are other markets, like in Continental Europe and our Czech Republic business, of course, we announced the deal today with Erste Bank, but that market also remains under substantial lockdown. So listen, I think the good news for us is we're growing right through it. We did mention today that active and gaming in some of our markets here in the United States have recovered pretty substantially. They still present some headwinds relative to the rate of growth that we just announced today. But to be able to show 900 basis points of sequential expansion from the fourth to the first quarter of 21 in our Merchant business, I think is one of the most noteworthy things of today. Cameron and Paul, you guys want to add to that?
Cameron Bready: I think that actually covers it pretty well. The only other point I would make, just to top that off, Andrew, is just as it relates to new sales. In both of those businesses that you highlighted, in particular, integrated and omni, continue to be very, very strong. In our e-com business here in the U.S. market, our e-com sales were up something like, 330% year-over-year. So clearly demonstrating that the trends we've seen around consumer buying patterns, as well as merchant adoption of omni-channel and e-commerce capabilities continues to be quite strong, even a year after, obviously, the onset of the pandemic. So we think that's a very positive sign as it relates to the future growth of the e-com and omni business. And then on the integrated front, again, our new sales in the quarter were 120% of our target, up something like 120% kind of year-over-year. So again, we're seeing great momentum in the business continuing as we enter the second quarter as well. So as Jeff highlighted, I think the strong new bookings and new sales performance we saw last year clearly contributed to the performance in Q1, and we - it's nice to see that, that same execution has continued into 2021 as well.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thanks. I appreciate that. Just as a follow-up on Zego, can you offer a little insight as to revenue mix there? How much of that is payments or merchant discount versus software and subscriptions?
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Bryan - It's Cameron. Sorry, Andrew, it's Cameron again. So the business is a mix of software and payments today. It really started as a payments business but has moved more into software over the course of time, in particular, driving more resident experience solutions through a software platform. So it's still a majority payment today, but the software elements of the business are growing more rapidly, and I would expect overtime that they will flip and become the majority of the business long term. So it's about $30 billion of payment volume today. It's a very healthy portfolio from a payment standpoint. The nice thing about the business is, it's not that penetrated within its existing customer base from a payments perspective. And obviously, the ability to cross-sell software into that base of existing partners today, as well as to take Global Payment software and so into that environment with our own value-added services drive some meaningful revenue tailwinds, we think, for the business in the future.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. David, your line is open. You maybe on mute.
David Togut: Oh! Thank you. You've underscored very strong trends at e-comm, omni and integrated. And I'm curious, as the year evolves, how would you expect consumer behavior to change? Do you think we'll see continued strong e-com trends and debit funding? Or do you think the consumer will return more to the physical point-of-sale and start to use credit cards more? And related to that, how would you see that flowing through your tech-enabled solutions businesses and some of the key verticals that make those up?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, Dave. It's Jeff. I'll start and ask Cameron to join in. So let me just start by saying by, kind of not answering the question, but I do want to call out our relationship-led businesses. So they also had a very good quarter. So we produced high single digit growth in our relationship-led businesses compared to the first quarter of 20 for which 85% in the first quarter of 20 had no pandemic. So I want to call that out. As we also said in our prepared remarks - prepared remarks, we had record new sales in our relationship-led businesses in the first quarter of 21, again, coming out of pandemic. So I don't want to lose sight of that, before we address your question more directly. Second, as it relates to your question, look, I don't think consumers are going to go backward. I don't think people are going to say, I want to spend more time online. Where can we find the ATM to get more cash? There is no bull market for cash. I think what we've seen that pandemic do is accelerates 3 to 5 years behavioural change on the consumer side. Cameron just went a minute ago, in response to Andrew's question, the bookings growth in our e-comm, omni businesses which is extraordinary, again, not lapping the pandemic for the first quarter of 2020. So listen, I think, at the end of the day, in my opinion, the answer to your question is, I just don't see the trends of safer commerce, contactless commerce, omni-channel acceptance, I don't see folks moving backwards. I think it's going to accelerate the underlying trends that we've seen over time. I'd also say relative to kind of credit, debit mix, I don't see that changing either. The only time that we've really seen debit cannibalized credit was back in the early 09 recession when credit was really tapped, so all that is left that is debit. We really haven't seen that here. I do think you'll see alternative means of payment, of course, in Europe, where I know you're focused in particularly. We've got assets, account-to-account transactions. We've got real-time payments, that kind of thing. Of course, we've got Afterpay and those types of installment payment plans, which I think we're a market leader in, both in our Issuing business and our Acquiring business. So I think there may be mix changes in terms of how people actually pay for things, but I don't think we're going to see debit cannibalized credit like we saw in 08, we have not seen that really throughout the pandemic, and I don't see people kind of going backwards on convenience of use.
David Togut: Thanks for that. Just as a quick follow-up. You've had a lot of success in Europe with bank JVs, like HSBC, la Caixa, Erste, how does the acquisition of Worldline PAYONE in Austria sync up with your Erste JV? Is that - are those two operating independently entirely? Or do you see some synergies potentially between the both?
Cameron Bready: No. David, its Cameron. I'll jump in on that. So this is actually a great opportunity to extend our joint venture with Erste. We're actually purchasing that business through the joint venture with our partners at Erste and Caixa - excuse me, Caixa as well. So this is an extension of our existing partnership with Erste. They were very excited about the opportunity to grow and expand our business in their home market of Austria. As you'll recall, and I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we initiated a business in that market about 18 months ago. We've had very good success building essentially a greenfield acquiring business with our partners. And this adds significant scale and, obviously, an opportunity to grow and expand that business more rapidly going forward. So this is very much a part of the joint venture that we have with Erste in Central Europe today.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you very much.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, David.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you. Good morning. I really like the property management acquisition. I'm curious if it's - if we were to compare it to the EHR space, easier, harder to monetize than that? Just trying to get a sense of how the time line of potential payment penetration? And did you give the revenue run rate and growth before synergies? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: So Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron. Good morning. So I would say, on balance, I would think it's probably easier to monetize the payment opportunity in the real estate space. There's obviously secular trends there that we think are very powerful around the digitization of the payment stream within real estate, whether its recurring monthly rental payments, HOA fees or other one-off fees that lessees need to pay. So we think the opportunity to drive better penetration from a payment standpoint in that market is going to be easier than some of the other vertical markets we've been in. I think we view real estate really as the quintessential vertical market, where you have the intersection of software and drain - payments where that nexus is very strong and obviously creates a significant opportunity for us to drive meaningful growth and share gains and, obviously, margin expansion over a period of time. We expect the business, to your second question, to generate roughly $100 million of revenue in 2021. It's growing double-digits nicely. It sort of fits the rule of 40 [ph] for a software business very nicely today. And obviously, we think we can do a variety of things to accelerate that rate of revenue growth over time and scale the business more effectively by leveraging the broader Global Payments ecosystem.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Wonderful. No, I like it. I think that's great. If you don't mind, maybe a quick one, just on the merchant revenue growth, building on Dave's question, it did positively decouple from Visa, Mastercard credit volume. So, just from a benchmarking standpoint, what do you expect going forward here? It sounds like SMB spend is coming back, relationship is doing great, anything to add?
Paul Todd: Yeah. So Tien-Tsin, this is Paul, and Cameron may want to add. We've been talking for several quarters now about this positive decoupling. And obviously, we saw in a more dramatic way, certainly on the positive side, this last quarter. And so yeah, we continue to kind of see that positive decoupling continue, and we would expect that continue. The second reason, as we had outlined before when we said that we expected that positive decoupling to occur once things got to a much more kind of normalized basis. The only other thing I would highlight is, as you look at that overall revenue growth number, do recall that we have probably 300 basis points of headwind related to those three vertical market businesses that are still, while they've improved from the depths of the pandemic and we highlighted gaming as being now an absolute grower. We're still seeing some meaningful headwind related to the active school business and the gaming business, that if you kind of looked at it ex those, you kind of add 300 basis points to the overall growth rate. And then, if you do that, you can see really some, on a volume-to-volume basis, some very positive decouple. And Cameron, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. The only other thing I would say just on top of that is the international markets continue to be a bit of a drag as well. So if you really look at US payments and our growth in US payments, it was probably high single digits, maybe almost 10%, pure payments in the US market in the first quarter. So even more decoupling than I think the sort of highlights represent. And the other thing I would say is, over time, I expect that decoupling continue, partially because our international businesses are more exposed to domestic trends in those markets. So as those markets reopen, we're not as reliant upon the cross border volume to drive revenue growth in those businesses. As domestic markets reopen internationally, we'll obviously see a nice tailwind as a result of that.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. Thanks for the answers. Great content.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thanks for taking my question this morning. I wanted to ask about - kind of a high level question about whether the pandemic will have any lasting effect on your sales process, particularly in merchant, given the increasing importance of e-commerce and omni and digital. Have you had to change your kind of go-to-market or sales approach? Or do you contemplate having to do so? And then if you could also just comment on bookings trends more generally as we head into Q2? That would be great.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, sure. I'll start. It's Cameron, and then I'll ask Paul maybe to jump in with a little bit more color as well. So I would say, maybe to start, even well before the pandemic, we've been equipping our sales professionals around the globe with the best technology, the best capabilities to be able to sell. And obviously, we think that paid meaningful dividends through the course of the pandemic in our ability to continue to sell at very strong levels, notwithstanding, obviously, the impact of the pandemic. And I think partly a credit to our sales teams in particular, they found new and innovative ways to continue to sell in a difficult environment, in particular our relationship-led sales professionals here in the US market that really operate under a commission only model, they were very motivated and incentivized to go out and find greater ways to be able to sell into the marketplace. So the use of technology and deploying more technology towards the sales process itself, as well as the ingenuity, I would say, of our sales professionals, I don't expect that to change post pandemic. And I think a lot of the lessons we've learned through this process will allow us to continue to be very effective and very productive from a new sales point of view as a go-forward matter. I'll call out a few particular highlights on the first quarter bookings performance, and I'll ask Paul maybe to jump in. If I start with our US relationship-led business, we had a record sales quarter, as Jeff and Paul highlighted in the prepared remarks. It was about 5% higher than our old record and up about 27% year-over-year, which I think is a really important metric as well, given that, again, kind of the 12-weeks of the first quarter of 2020 were really not impacted by the pandemic. So very strong performance from a new sales point, again, with particular strength in our e-commerce, our Bill Pay, Text Buy [ph] Pay Solutions within our relationship-led channel. We also had great new booking performance in our payroll business as well. We had record sales in that business, up again 42% year-over-year, so very strong performance in our US relationship-led payments and payroll business in the first quarter. Integrated, as I mentioned previously, they were above plan and well above last year's new sales performance and bookings performance in the first quarter as well. Within our vertical market business, we saw very strong, I'd say, booking trends across the business. TouchNet had record first quarter bookings performance, which I think is a very good sign as it relates to the university environment heading into the fall. We actually started to see some following of new sales in our schools business, our lower school K-12. We had three significant new wins in the quarter from a new sales point of view. Obviously, we're still waiting and relying upon kids getting back in through K-12 environment for that business to recover fully. But obviously, it was encouraging to see new sales begin to fall in that business in the first quarter as well. And we also had record bookings in our enterprise SaaS QSR business in the first quarter as well. So again, good trends across the board, I would say, in our vertical market business. If we look internationally, again, despite the macro environment being challenging in some of the markets that we operate in, I would characterize new sales performance across the board internationally and I am sort of aggregating a bunch of different markets there. It was above plan for the first quarter above last year. Canada, for example, was up 40% year-over-year. So again, the trend of new booking performance being very strong continued well into the first quarter. And thus far in the second quarter as well. Paul, I don't know if you'd add any detail.
Paul Todd: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Ramsey, is that we've been talking about the sales figures for the last two quarters. And I think you're seeing it in the performance today that, that sales production is producing kind of outsized results for us to be able to grow our integrated business at better than kind of the long-term target rate and an environment that's still not normalized. And the same thing, as Jeff just mentioned about our relationship-led business, to be growing in the high-single digits, I think kind of speaks to the fact that the sales success we're having is leading to kind of additive performance in the environment that we're operating in.
Ramsey El-Assal: That's terrific. It sounds like the things are really trying to get in right direction. So I appreciate your answers. I hop back in a queue. Thanks.
Paul Todd: Thanks, Ramsey.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Mihalos of Cowen. Your line is open.
George Mihalos: Great. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to start off on the Issuer side of the business. Again, it sounds like you're seeing some real momentum if we look at it on sort of a normalized basis, up high single digit. But Paul, just wanted to ask, the 20% that is commercial, was that down again, sort of another 30% in the first quarter? And now how are you thinking about that as - I understand it's not going to recover, but the comparison should start to ease, sort of, going forward?
Paul Todd: Yes, that's right. So, yes, we were down north of 30% in the quarter as it relates to the overall environment there. And yeah, you are right in the sense that the comparisons do ease as we move out now into the remaining three quarters. But just as a kind of an overall, kind of, headwind relative to our - back to our, kind of, more normalized growth rate, that's still providing roughly about half of that headwind that we called out in the prepared remarks.
George Mihalos: Okay. That's helpful. And then specifically looking at the acceleration in merchant, which again seems to be really, sort of taking hold across the board and the outlook for, sort of, the high teens rate of growth. Again, should we be, sort of thinking for modeling purposes, that we're talking about a growth rate in the second quarter thats sort of in that 30% plus range for the merchant business?
Paul Todd: Yes, George. I mean, yes, you're thinking about that right. That's exactly, kind of, the right range to be thinking about.
George Mihalos: Okay, great. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, George.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: All right. Thanks, guys. You know, when we look at the guidance and the increase, it's obviously nice to see beat the first quarter and then buybacks are also helping. Can you just touch on what's implied or what's embedded in the guide outlook in terms of macro assumptions from here on out? Just looks like the trends and the current trajectory should allow for potentially more upside than you even raised so far. So just really where are you keeping some elements of conservatism in the outlook versus including some things? Thanks.
Paul Todd: Yeah, Darrin. So this is Paul, and I'll ask Cameron may want to add as well, particularly as it relates to merchant. But you know, I think our outlook is consistent with to some degree, what we outlined the last time, which is that the trajectory that we were on going into the year and the trajectory that we kind of continue on is - as we've kind of said before, kind of a slow grind higher. And we continue to - while we're very optimistic about the future and very pleased with the results, we also want to kind of see how things play out as it relates to particularly around the world where we have different kind of dynamics playing around the different geographies. But we've said before and it's still true, the top end of the range is not perfection. It does not assume any type of - just kind of some massive, kind of, kick back to normal. But instead, a grind back to normal, with the third and fourth quarter kind of being a much more normal, kind of - or more normal environment. You know, I would say as it relates to just March, we were very pleased with the kind of overall growth rates that we saw in March, and those were sequentially better on a monthly basis than, obviously, what we saw in February and January and particularly, some, kind of more normalized kind of growth rate there. But that's the way I always frame it from an overall standpoint. Cameron, do you have anything to add on that?
Cameron Bready: I mean, I think that covers it well. I would just highlight, to Paul's point earlier, I don't think we have to see perfection to get to the high end of that range. Again, the guidance doesn't assume that. We assume that the trends that we're seeing in the business continue to flow through, through the balance of the year. We're encouraged by the performance in the first quarter and the underlying trends. Obviously, we remain very mindful of the fact that some markets around the globe are slower to recover or appear to be slower to recover from the pandemic than others, and those are markets that we have reasonably sizable businesses in. But, I think as we sit here today, the trends in the business are quite favorable, and we're very optimistic about how we're positioned to perform through the balance of the year.
Jeff Sloan: Hey, Darrin, it's Jeff. I would just say the thought on Paul and Cameron, to late Paul's commentary. So in March, revenue for the business, which did not really lap at least for half the month of pandemic, aggregate revenue was up in the 20%-plus range and earnings were up near 30% per share. So, just to give you a sense as to kind of what we saw in March, obviously, time will tell, but that's kind of the run rate.
Darrin Peller: All right. That's really helpful. Guys, a follow-up is on the tech-enabled businesses. When you think about the mix now with Zego, and again great to see more software acquisitions, you combine that with what you have, first of all, Jeff, I mean, where do you feel the company's positioned now in terms of its software presence versus your long-term strategy? Do you need to do more? Do you want to do more near term or long-term? And then, Cameron as well on the AWS or the Google relationships on the cloud, I mean, it's something we focused on. It sounds like you're winning good business there. If you could just give us a little more color on how that's been trending just in the context of all the tech-enabled opportunities?
Jeff Sloan: Darrin, its Jeff. I'll start. So you're stealing our thunder from the Investor Day that we're doing in September. But I would say that, and we'll set out a new target for what percentage of the business is coming from tech-enabled the next few years then. But I would say, generally, we crossed that 60% threshold last summer, six months earlier than we thought. These deals lay out a point or two to that number. But obviously, we're targeting well north of 70%, 75% [ph] of the company. Think about just directionally up from 60, last summer, where we'd like to be longer-term. And that's percentage of revenue, which means the vast majority of the growth, by definition, is coming from those areas. So we're really pleased. Our pipeline is full, and that includes a whole array of things, post-Zego, post-PAYONE, our pipeline remains full. It includes more software assets in it. So time will tell, if we get those over the finish line. But I think you're directionally right in where we're going. I'll start with AWS and Cameron can comment on Google. Look, we couldn't have been more pleased with our relationship with AWS. We're absolutely on track for all the things that we outlined last August. We announced the relationship in the first place that stuff sells, we talked today about UNB, competitive takeaway, client somebody else for three decades. They're going to be our first instance in data and analytics in the cloud jointly with AWS. The Asian Bank we've referred to now, that testing environment is live. We'll be live in a year, another competitive takeaway. And I think what we said in our prepared remarks is we tripled the number of LOIs jointly with Amazon, there initiated stages today versus where we were at year end of 20. So I think you're right to say that we're firing in all cylinders there, and we really couldn't be more pleased with the transition we've made there to cloud environment. Cameron, do you want to comment on Google?
Cameron Bready: Well, I think the comment for Google is very much the same as Jeff highlighted for AWS. Yes, we couldn't be more pleased and delighted with the partnership we have with Google and how they have performed heretofore, recognizing we are obviously early in that relationship and really building momentum as we sit here today. So everything that we outlined on our year end call, back in February, as it relates to the partnership is very much on track. As it relates to the go-to-market strategies, we're obviously in market with them already. We're already in the midst of having conversations with a variety of medium to enterprise sized customers who are leveraging Google Cloud services today. And very optimistic about the future of that technology-enabled distribution strategy and how it will augment, obviously, our existing go-to-market strategies in the merchant space.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, great. Thanks, guys. So appreciate that disclosure on the month of March there, Jeff, with regard to revenue and EPS growth. Could we get those numbers for the month of April as well and had any breakdown by segment that you would give us on revenue growth by segment, again, for, the month of April? A - Jeff Sloan Yeah, Jason, we wouldn't have that to give on a call like this right now. So I think generically speaking, as a volume matter, we are seeing sequential improvement on the volume side in the month of April. And so obviously, and that's kind of what we expected and the trends we saw in March. So we're very pleased from an overall volume perspective. But as it relates to the financial results for April, we wouldn't have that.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Okay. Just as a follow-up, kind of a bigger picture question. Wondering what you're seeing in terms of merchant demand around the world to accept crypto, and just general thoughts on longer term implications of the growth in the crypto ecosystem for Global Payments and the merchant acquiring industry more generally?
Cameron Bready: Yeah. It's Cameron. I'll jump in on that. So I would say, certainly, it may be a commentary on the merchants that make up our business and the merchants we're targeting, there's really zero demand amongst our merchant base, to accept crypto. Obviously, overtime, things can evolve, if you have more central banks developing their own crypto currencies have really just become a digital form of their domestic currencies, then obviously that environment can change today. But I think as it relates to utilizing cryptocurrency for the sake of effectuating commerce amongst merchants in our businesses around the globe, there's really no demand for that today. Crypto is really not a currency for commerce. It's a security. And as a result of that, we're really not seeing a significant demand or uptake of that in our business at all.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our final question comes from Dan Perlin of RBC. Your line is open.
Dan Perlin: Thanks, guys. And I appreciate you squeezing me in at the end here. The question I have is really around in the - embedded in the guidance, can you just kind of help us parse out really what stimulus is actually driving in terms of the increase that you've seen? I mean, I think I recall that, you guys said you had contemplated the first round embedded in the first quarter? But maybe hadn't been thinking about the second and most recent rounds. And so now that those are contemplated, I'm trying to understand how much you think that actually is influencing the increase in guidance? And how many quarters do you think it takes to kind of play out? Visa seems to imply a couple of quarters of benefit. So I would just love to get your thoughts there.
Paul Todd: Yeah. So maybe we'll kind of answer that kind of two respects. One, what stimulus has as it relates to our business in consumer business, and then the second, as it relates to stimulus across really all three of our segments. As it relates to stimulus in our Business and Consumer, it is a piece and the driving piece around us, as it relates to our overall revenue outlook for that segment of moving to that kind of from mid single digits kind of mid to mid to high. So that's kind of - you want to try to kind of quantify the impact of additional stimulus net of the effect that stimulus has on other products, on yield, the overall tax, season picture, so that gives you kind of a quantification of kind of that difference between - kind of mid single digit growth for that business in that kind of more mid to high kind of single-digit growth. As it relates to just a revenue matter, and we've obviously kind of talked about the margin impact we saw what we had for marginal impact in the first quarter. And then obviously that will play through in the second quarter the other direction as we grow over the stimulus in 2Q of last year of roughly kind of from a margin standpoint of - kind of a similar size. I would say as it relates to stimulus across our overall business, I think, time will tell. Clearly, you're getting some impact in volumes related to stimulus. We're just seeing it kind of, across the board. I think it gets a little bit harder to kind of pick [ph] part that into the overall volume picture and say, well, how much is stimulus, how much is unemployment benefits, what all that kind of looks like. And so when we're looking at the overall volume landscape, obviously, we're taking some of that versus what we saw last year and the impact of stimulus and kind of embedding that into our overall picture. But outside of our business in consumer segment, it's very hard to kind of get discrete around what kind of revenue impact that's discretely having. Cameron, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.
Cameron Bready: No, I think if you look at the merchant business more broadly, it's not driven that much by stimulus. If you think about it and we've talked about this before, we're more exposed to credit than we are debit in our merchant business, and stimulus isn't really driving incremental credit spend. What we're really seeing in the merchant business, I think, obviously, is the impact of the recovery as well as the fact that savings rates are at generational highs and there's a lot of pent-up demand. And obviously, we expect that trend to continue, obviously as we progress through the end of 2021 and probably well into 2022, sitting here today. So certainly, on the margin, putting more dollars in consumers pockets, it's going to be helpful to the merchant business. But I don't view, sort of, the expansion we saw in Q4 to Q1 to really be driven predominantly by stimulus. I think it's more just a macro recovery in general and the fact that, obviously, consumers are very well positioned to be able to spend in the current environment as the recovery progresses.
Dan Perlin: That's great to hear. Just a quick follow-up on margins. I know you called out 250 basis points for the full year. I think you said normalized underlying basis is like a 450 basis point improvement. When we think about the cadence of that throughout the year, I think, we originally thought maybe $50 million per quarter of kind of reinstated cost is done. Is there any reason to believe that, that shouldn't be pretty ratable? Or is there going to be some higher costs as these rebounds really start to kick in into the second half? Thank you. 
Paul Todd: Yeah. No, I wouldn't call out anything unique from a timing standpoint. I think the thing that we have highlighted is this dynamic that we're having obviously in 2Q as it relates to the margin. So we're going to have outsized margin expansion in 2Q, particularly as it relates to not only just the incremental kind of cost add-backs, but also just the comparison to 2Q of last - of last year and then more normalized, kind of, margin expansion in that third and fourth quarter. So yeah, nothing I would call out unique from a timing standpoint other than that 2Q comp.
Dan Perlin: Thats great. Thank you all.
Paul Todd: Yeah.
Jeff Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for your interest in us and joining us this morning.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the EVO Payments Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ed OHare, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Ed O'Hare: Good morning. And welcome to EVO Payments fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. This call is being webcast today, and a replay will be available through the Investor Relations section of EVO's website shortly after the completion of this call. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information, and actual results may differ materially from the views expressed in these statements, particularly due to the impact of COVID-19 on our business. For additional information on factors that may cause our actual results to differ from the views expressed in any forward-looking statements made today, please refer to today's press release and the risk factors discussed in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, including our 2020 10-K, which will be available on our website after the markets closed today. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, today's discussion also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. An explanation and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release available on our Investor Relations website. We have also posted slides on our website detailing recent volume trends for the company to further assist with today's discussion. Today, we will discuss fourth quarter results and provide an update on the impact that pandemic is having on our business. Joining me on the call is Jim Kelly, Chief Executive Officer; Tom Panther, Chief Financial Officer; Darren Wilson, President of the International Segment; and Brendan Tansill, President of the Americas Segment. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, Ed. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. We kicked off 2020 with strong financial performance that was abruptly affected by the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic beginning in March and continuing through the remainder of the year. Despite the adverse impact of the pandemic, we had a successful year and took significant steps to improve our business by expanding our referral relationships, investing in key products and capabilities, enhancing our technology and taking decisive actions to reduce our expenses and leverage. These key accomplishments were made possible largely due to the dedication of our 2,000 employees across the globe who are forced to react to the numerous ways in which the pandemic impacted our industry. They remained resilient through the many challenges we faced in 2020 and continue to deliver quality service to our customers and partners. I'm very grateful for our employees' determination to make this a successful year. Now I'd like to provide an overview of our recent volume trends. While volumes rebounded in the third quarter, they began declining in mid-October as restrictions were reinstituted across most of Europe and in certain areas of the United States and Mexico to curb increasing infection rates. This resulted in fourth quarter volumes decreasing 1% sequentially and 5% compared to prior year. For January, volumes were down 11% from the prior year as the strict lockdowns in Europe continued to negatively affect consumer spending. However, in February, volumes have improved slightly to a 9% decline over February last year as distribution of the vaccine rollout is now underway, and some governments have begun easing restrictions. We are encouraged by the diversity of our business and the resiliency of our merchants across all markets, but until government restrictions ease, it is likely that our volumes will remain under pressure. Turning to our financial performance. As compared to the third quarter, revenue was flat, while adjusted EBITDA increased 11% and margin expanded 380 basis points. Compared to Q4 2019 on a normalized constant currency basis, revenue declined 5%, while adjusted EBITDA increased 9% and margin expanded 500 basis points to 38%. These results reflect the negative impact of the COVID-related restrictions offset by our expense management. Tom will cover our 2020 financial performance and our outlook for 2021 in more detail later on the call. As we enter 2021, we are monitoring the vaccine distribution across all our markets as well as other key indicators that have a direct impact on economic activity, including government stimulus programs and cross border activity. We are anticipating a strong global recovery in the back half of this year driven by pent-up consumer demand and expect the accelerated adoption of digital payments to endure. We will continue to manage our business through this crisis and are now a more efficient company with ample capacity to execute our long-term strategy of solid organic growth, coupled with targeted M&A, including bank alliances and tech-enabled investments. I will now turn the call over to Darren to discuss our European business. Darren?
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim. For the quarter, European normalized constant currency revenue declined 7% year-over-year, which reflects the impact of the reinstated restrictions across the segment, including sharp decreases in cross border activity. As you can see from the volume slide, our volumes demonstrated notable declines beginning in November, as lockdowns went into effect across our markets in the latter part of October. However, it's worth pointing out that these declines were much less severe than the April trough, as merchants and consumers have adapted their behaviors to manage through the lockdowns. This is evident in our contactless and Card Not Present volume, as well as our strong new merchant growth across most of our markets. During the fourth quarter, volumes were approximately 6% lower compared to 2019. This trend intensified through January, with volumes down 19% year-over-year as most countries remain completely locked down. However, in February, volumes have rebounded down to 11% as markets, such as Poland, have relaxed most restrictions. We are seeing that our other markets are starting to announce their plans to ease restrictions over the forthcoming weeks, coinciding with the vaccine rollout plans across the EU. Although the recent lockdowns have had an immediate effect on our European volumes and revenue, we continue to see positive business wins across our markets. Beginning with Poland, we saw a steady new business activity in the fourth quarter as we continue to gain market share and expand our tech-enabled distribution network. In our Direct division, we continue to sign grocery chains to further increase our penetration in this vertical, which now represents approximately 30% of our Polish business. In our ISV business, we enabled PKN Orlen, the largest energy company in Central and Eastern Europe, to roll out mobile payment application for their electrical vehicle charging station network. We are now working with PKN Orlen to deploy the application in certain neighboring countries in the first half of this year. Finally, as I mentioned in our last call, we ran a successful e-commerce campaign with Mastercard and gained three exclusive long-term referral partners to support our Snap* e-commerce gateway going forward. Turning to Germany. In December, we enabled one of our customers to participate in the government-sponsored cashless Italy program, which was initiated to accelerate digital payments adoption. We are excited to have been chosen as the only foreign merchant acquirer to participate in this program and look forward to supporting the continued adoption of digital payments in Italy. In Ireland and the UK, our teams continued to demonstrate success in signing new ISV partners in the fourth quarter, including a restaurant software provider in the UK and a large ticketing software company in Ireland. We also continued our rollout of EVO COLLECT, our Pay by Link solution, which we have now implemented with 50 customers since its launch last fall. In Spain, our bank referral partner, Liberbank, recently announced it will merge with Unicaja to form the fifth largest bank in the country once the transaction is finalized later this year. Our Liberbank portfolio continues to perform well, and we're in the process of migrating these merchants to our proprietary processing platform. We expect this conversion to be complete in the first half of the year, which will provide our Liberbank merchants access to all of EVO's leading products and services. On a related note, Raiffeisenbank, one of our bank partners in the Czech Republic announced in February that it would acquire Equa bank by the end of the second quarter to expand its distribution in the market. As you may recall, we formed an exclusive strategic alliance with Raiffeisenbank in 2015 and have seen strong growth from this market. In 2021, we will look to capitalize on the accelerated adoption of digital payments that emerged in 2020. We remain focused on expanding our bank partner network and tech-enabled capabilities, both through proprietary investments and M&A, as we look to capitalize on the opportunities presented by the recent shift in consumer trends as the COVID-related restrictions are gradually lifted. I will now turn the call over to Brendan, who will provide an update on our Americas segment. Brendan?
Brendan Tansill: Thanks, Darren. For the quarter, the Americas normalized constant currency revenue declined 4%, which reflects the steady improvement in our Mexican business, coupled with modest declines in our US business due to the pandemic. Beginning with the US, volumes for the quarter were approximately 8% below last year and remained at around that level through February. Our merchants are demonstrating the ability to adapt to the changing consumer behaviors, which is demonstrated by the continued increase in our contactless and Card Not Present volumes that we have experienced since the onset of the pandemic. In our B2B business, we continued to demonstrate strong double-digit revenue growth as we signed new merchants and converted existing gateway only customers to our acquiring platform. We also integrated our PayFabric gateway to SAP's digital add-on solution to continue the build-out of our Delego acquisition, which we lapped at the end of September. In our domestic e-commerce business, we continue to grow and diversify our referral partner network and developed key relationships within the retail and health care verticals. Turning to Mexico. We have continued to see steady improvement in this market since the April trough. In the fourth quarter, volumes expanded 2%, and we have seen similar trends so far this year. These solid trends were helped by our diversified merchant portfolio, which includes large corporate customers that spanned across multiple verticals. In 2020, despite the negative impact of the pandemic, our merchant portfolio for this business grew mid-single digits, which further demonstrates the strength of our business. In addition, our performance in Mexico was supported by strong e-commerce revenue growth of 17% in the quarter. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to provide a brief update on Chile. Although we previously anticipated securing regulatory approval by the end of 2020, we continue to await authorization to launch our business. The regulatory approval process has been extremely thorough due to EVO being the first international merchant acquirer in the market and has also been slowed by the pandemic in the summer vacation season in Chile. Operationally, we have completed all of the necessary actions to launch the business. Since our last call, we have finalized connectivity to the networks, leveraging our Mexican platform, continued building our leadership team, secured our business facilities, worked with the bank to develop a sales pipeline of existing BCI customers and developed a sales and marketing campaign for the broader Chilean market. Our partner, BCI remains extremely excited to launch the business, and we look forward to expanding into this high-growth region. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom, who will cover the financials in more detail. Tom?
Tom Panther: Thanks, Brendan. And good morning, everyone. For the quarter, EVO's constant currency revenue declined 5% compared to the prior year when normalizing for certain payment network incentives and non-volume-related fees in the prior year for both Europe and the Americas. On a constant currency neutral basis, normalized adjusted EBITDA increased 9% and margin expanded 500 basis points to 38%. Including these incentives and fees, constant currency revenue declined 10%, adjusted EBITDA declined 6% and margin expanded 158 basis points. Sequentially, fourth quarter volumes and revenue were flat, while adjusted EBITDA and margin improved 11% and 380 basis points, respectively. These solid results are despite the continued compression in revenue spreads, which have been impacted by the shifts in merchant and transaction mix, coupled with declines in cross border activity. We remain confident that as the pandemic abates and economic activity rebounds, our spreads will return to historical levels, and revenue growth will accelerate. With respect to our segment performance, in Europe, year-over-year, constant currency revenue declined 15%, and adjusted segment profit declined 20%. However, on a normalized basis, revenue declined 7%, and adjusted segment profit increased 4%. In the Americas, year-over-year constant currency revenue declined 7%, and adjusted segment profit declined 1%, while on a normalized basis, revenue declined 4% and adjusted segment profit increased 6%. The mid single-digit normalized EBITDA growth and 400 basis point margin expansion in both of our segments reflects the targeted costs that we have eliminated from the business, while gradually growing our merchant portfolio. Adjusted corporate expenses for the quarter were $5 million, which declined approximately 15% from the prior year. Adjusted net income of $21 million for the quarter increased 3% compared to last year. Adjusted net income per share was $0.23, which declined $0.02 compared to the fourth quarter of last year, due to the preferred share issuance in April. On a normalized basis, adjusted EPS increased $0.04 or 21%, inclusive of these additional shares. At the end of the quarter, dilutive shares totaled 94 million, an increase of 11 million weighted average shares compared to the prior year. During the quarter, we continued to manage our cash flows by limiting our CapEx spend to $8 million, a decrease of 36% versus the prior year. Approximately 75% of our CapEx spend was related to point-of-sale terminals in our international markets to meet the strong merchant demand, which continued through the fourth quarter. We ended the year with leverage at 2.9 times, a significant improvement from 4.2 times at the end of 2019. Our strong liquidity and low leverage, coupled with $400 million of available cash and unused capacity in our credit facilities, provide us the financial resources to capitalize on M&A opportunities that are likely to become available as economic activity resumes. Turning to our outlook. As you can see from the slides, volumes have remained under pressure during 2021 due to the previously discussed government restrictions across all of our markets. As a result, we expect first quarter revenue to decline modestly compared to last year. Despite these near term headwinds, our experience last year demonstrated that volumes will strongly rebound once government restrictions are eased. Our outlook for the year assumes a strong recovery in the second half of the year, as we lap the initial impact of the pandemic and COVID-related restrictions are lifted across our markets. For 2021, we expect revenue to be 10% to 12% above 2020, adjusted EBITDA to grow 16% to 20% and margins to expand between 200 and 250 basis points compared to 2020. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jim.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, Tom. In 2020, we strengthened our balance sheet and improved our margins. Our business remains well-positioned to capitalize on the global economic recovery and the accelerated adoption of digital payments. We look forward to continuing to expand our distribution through existing sales channels and acquisition-related opportunities in 2021 and beyond. I will now turn the call over to the operator to begin the question-and-answer session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Georgios Mihalos with Cowen.
Georgios Mihalos: Great. Good morning, guys. And thank you for taking my questions. Wanted to start off
Jim Kelly: Good morning.
Georgios Mihalos: Just - yeah, good morning, everyone. Looking at Europe and some of the bank consolidation that we've seen there, how are you guys thinking about that as there was a net positive or negative? I know it sounds like from your commentary, you're more encouraged by it this time around than maybe what we saw in the past, but just kind of wanted to get your updated thoughts there.
Jim Kelly: Good morning. I would say that we are very encouraged, as you could see. We mentioned - or Darren mentioned in his prepared comments that one of the banks that we're aligned with in Spain has already announced a merger, so I think the same experience will see likely in other markets. If you look at our history in Europe, when we first entered the market in, say, '12, '13 time frame, banks were looking to raise capital. And then as time progressed, banks were really looking for digital solutions. And so it was less to do with I need to raise money. It was more to do with I need to raise our capabilities to meet the needs of our customers. So I think, coming out of the pandemic, which is our expectation, as we said in our comments, in the back half of this year, and we're already starting to see the shoots of inbound inquiries from banks in the European market and other markets, that are either looking for one or both of what I just described. So expectations are, we will see an uptick of that. And given our positioning in the market, across really the business in essentially all markets across Europe and strong footings in a number of those markets with leading financial institutions, I think it positions us very well to have a successful year on the M&A side in '21.
Georgios Mihalos: Great. I appreciate that color. Very thorough. And just Tom, two quick questions as we look at the financials. I caught that you would expect revenue to be down slightly in the first quarter. But if we just look at the volume trends, say, January through February, kind of down 10% in aggregate. Just curious, what does that sort of triangulate to from a revenue perspective? Meaning, what's sort of that revenue impact given the volumes being down there? And then just a quick follow-up. How should we be thinking about FX for 2021? I'm assuming that's a bit of a benefit. Thank you.
Tom Panther: Yeah. Hi, George. Good morning. We said before that there's strong correlation between our volume trends and our revenue trends. I think, as we said in my prepared remarks, we'll see volume - revenue also decline relative to last year's quarter. It's something that's hard to peg in terms of exactly where the spread is going to be, but I think that 10% year-to-date decline is something to anchor off of. March, as you know, was when the pandemic started to hit, particularly in Europe, so the comparable related to March, maybe a little bit easier. So I think that, that modest decline would be in that range of where you see the volumes. With respect to FX, if you look at where the banks are projecting the dollar, we do expect it to be a tailwind in 2021. It has been a little bit of a tailwind, particularly with respect to the euro and USD. Peso, not as much. The peso has been a little bit more volatile. That's to be expected with Mexico's sensitivity to oil. But overall, I think we would expect FX to be a tailwind given where kind of the European Bank is versus where the Fed is. I think the trends that we see will continue, and that's what the general consensus is out in the marketplace.
Georgios Mihalos: Great. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Tom Panther: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. I wanted to ask about how the pandemic may or may not have impacted the sort of bank partnership pipeline. Is the appetite on the side of banks right now whose merchant processing volumes are likely subdued right now? Are they looking more aggressively at trying to perk up that business? Or has there been sort of a delay in decision making about wanting to partner with someone like yourselves to accelerate growth there?
Jim Kelly: If you remember, I guess, back to our last call, I had made a comment around that, that these bank partnerships, at least the ones who are - and most of the industry do are in the duration of 10 years. We have one that goes out 20 years. So I think on both sides of the equation, both us and financial institution, the inability to travel, the inability to interact with the leadership team for them to us and vice versa, I think that definitely has chilled some of the enthusiasm for banks to - because going into '20, we had, I think, a pretty strong pipeline of banks that we're talking about this, and then everybody hit the brakes when COVID reared its head. So I think coming out of it, we'll start to see financial institutions, as I've said on the prior question, that we're already starting to see inbounds where bankers are getting engaged. And I think bankers would like to see this start up again. That's how they make a living. But I think for financial institutions, just because we went through COVID, I don't think, stopped their interest to solve the digital issue, which was the driving force in the last, say, 5 years. But you're going to see some instances where banks are going to need to raise capital, and this has historically been a business that they've been willing to part with their full ownership and either do it as a JV or some form of an alliance.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. Thank you. And a follow-up for me is on margins and the margin outlook in 2021. It came in a little bit below our model. We were expecting margins to look around 37%, sort of like what they look like in the second half of 2020. And first of all, super appreciative, by the way, that you've provided guidance, which many of your peers haven't. So keeping that in mind, any particular drivers to call out? Any more of the COVID-related cost savings, for example, that might be flowing back in, in '21 relative to expectations?
Tom Panther: Hey, Ramsey, it's Tom. So just to kind of square up on the numbers, I think margin for Q4 was around 38%, so I don't - we may actually need to catch up after more on just where you're seeing margin for the quarter. I think with respect to Q4, it was a relatively clean quarter as we restored salaries in the back half of the quarter. The first two - the second quarter and the third quarter were a bit noisy, as we were going through some various transitory expense reductions and then reinstating some furloughed individuals and things like that. So I think those quarters, we were trying to normalize for some of that activity, but I think the 38% for the fourth quarter was a pretty clean number. Now I don't think you can just take that and roll it forward because there's natural seasonality in our business, and then there's also the impact clearly of the pandemic, particularly what we saw late December and extending on into January. So I think you'll see some ebb and flow of that margin on a quarterly basis. But on a full year basis, as we said in our outlook, that we would expect margin accretion, despite some of the first quarter headwinds of 200 to 250 basis points. So I think, I think that puts us in around 35%, 36% for the year, as I said, despite a little bit of challenges in the first quarter, while we patiently wait for governments to reopen their markets.
Ramsey El-Assal: All right. Got it, Tom. And apologies if I misspoke, and I intended to say 37% in the second half rather than the fourth quarter, but you noted. And I appreciate your commentary there. Thank you.
Tom Panther: Yeah. Very good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask on the confidence in the spreads returning. Does that infer you're structurally not seeing any change in pricing and yields, and this is just a mix issue? I know your SMB versus enterprise mix in some of the European countries vary, so just trying to get a better sense of that expectation.
Tom Panther: Yeah. Yes, Tien-Tsin, this is one of the areas I'm optimistic that it's one of the hidden tailwinds that we will benefit from, that when things do reopen, we'll see not only a volume improvement that will drive revenue, but also a spread of rate improvement that will drive revenue growth. If you look at our quarterly trends over 2020, you saw a pretty significant rotation down as two things changed  three things, I'll say. One, just cross border activity. That became obviously virtually nonexistent. We saw a little bit of a rebound in the third quarter, but it was short lived before the markets locked back up. So I think cross-border is something that is probably going to be one of the later - one of the things that's later to return, at least based on what you've read from the government. They're going to reopen internally before they reopen borders, but I think that will be something that will help us. But the merchant mix is something that we clearly saw big box, large retail, grocers, things like that, high volumes, but lower spreads just because of their pricing power. And then the other thing is transaction mix. We've seen an increase in debit card volume where we make a little less spread, both US and international. I think that has a lot to do with the stimulus money that's sloshing around and people using debit as a means of payment. But the confidence comes from a belief that the rotation away from cash to card is permanent from a consumer behavior perspective. So I think you're just going to see more of the economy run on the rails. And I think we also continue to believe that those SMEs are going to come back and that you're going to have the benefit of just a stronger, broader merchant portfolio.
Jim Kelly: Yeah, Tien-Tsin, we also saw that - as Tom mentioned earlier, we saw that in -- over the summer months, a very strong rebound as the initial lockdowns opened up. So it's not as much just a -- that's what we think. It's something that we've actually seen. So as Europe starts to thaw from the pandemic, we're going to see a very good rebound to the company.
Tom Panther: And one just other comment there. And - but you specifically called out pricing, and no, we are not seeing pricing pressure. We continue to see pretty good retention rates with respect to our merchant portfolio. And so from a core pricing perspective, that seems to be holding in line.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Right. So basically, it will - that with the world reopening, it will swing back, and you'll see a normalization in the yields, and I would imagine it comes at a very high incremental margin. Just I guess my quick follow-up, Tom. You gave some -- these normalized figures. I think I wrote them down with the pass-through fees. Is that - anything to consider as we walk through the - what is in 2021 from some of these -- some of the passenger fees? Just want to make sure we've modeled properly.
Tom Panther: No. I mean, you even heard in the - it's been a few weeks now since Visa and Mastercard release, but you heard them reference the fact that their incentive costs were down. Well, there's the other side to that trade where some of the incentives that we earned from the brands in the fourth quarter were down. And so I would love to be able to say that a year from now, when we're talking about the fourth quarter of 2021, we've seen that return. We've seen our ability to expand the brands into various of our markets and onto the merchants platforms. It remains to be seen in terms of how that activity returns. So for now, in our outlook, we're not really counting on that for 2021. We'd rather that be something that provides us an added boost if it returns, but we're not counting on it to come back in '21.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Guys, hello? Can you hear me?
Jim Kelly: Hello, Ashwin. Yeah. We got you.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Hey, so I wanted to find out tech-enabled as a percent of total mix perhaps by segment of country. And through the pandemic in generally, I think you've seen step-up in this - that part of it has performed better. How do you think the mix evolves through the course of '21?
Jim Kelly: Well, Tom can take this specific breakdown. But yes, the tech-enabled business, our B2B business performed, I would say, compared to the rest of the market exceptionally well and continues to do well. Our ISV business domestically is oriented a lot to hospitality, so obviously, for the portion that relates to hospitality, that's been adversely affected. But the rest of the ISV business did quite well. Our - turning to Europe, for example, our UK business, which is predominantly ISV oriented probably was one of the best performers that we had. Our Canadian business as well had actually a breakout year, probably the best year it's had in terms of its tech-enabled business. So we definitely had very strong pockets across the markets, Mexico as well as a big push into that channel. If you recall, we bought a company, I think, almost 2 years ago, SF systems, and the team came across, and that has anchored us to pursue that market. So I would say, without question, that performed somewhat, irrespective of the impact of the pandemic. The big box business, as Tom was outlining, in our major markets, likewise, did very well. As the markets came - come back, seeing what we saw over the summer, I think it all comes back somewhat equally. I think the businesses that have largely been shuttered or have minimal business, those will open up. I think there'll be an initial strong -- very strong rebound, and then it should settle in to a rhythm that we would have historically seen. I think the one benefit the industry is going to see is the muscle memory now to use card over cash, whether there's a concern of the spread versus just - it's easier to use card. I think our industry will clearly benefit. And we saw that in numbers again over the summer, where our volumes, even with, say, 15% of our merchants closed, because of the pandemic, our volumes were at or above where they had been in the prior year. So the only difference there is people are spending more on cards than they did the prior year. So we'll expect to see the benefit of all that, as these vaccinations impact government decisions on how they're going to treat their citizens. But Tom, can you give you a breakout.
Tom Panther: Sure. Ashwin, on the numbers for the company, tech-enabled represented about 35% of revenue for the year. That's up 300 basis points, 3 full percentage points from last year, so we continue to see some good growth there, and that's across all of our markets. US is the lion's share of that 35%. Obviously, a more mature tech-enabled business, particularly with the B2B presence, which is nascent in Europe, but that growth in tech-enabled for the company was at the sacrifice of some decline in our traditional business, which one would expect as that's just naturally a trading portfolio at a very gradual rate. So as Jim said, we're excited about the growth momentum and hope to see that continue to accelerate.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it, got it. And then as we try to kind of build up the model, you guys have talked obviously a lot about transaction growth and how that works. Could you talk about sort of merchant counts perhaps as another part of the mix or perhaps an indicator of share gains?
Jim Kelly: Sure. Yeah. In the merchant count, we saw relatively stable merchant count across the portfolio, but the undercurrent behind that is we saw really good attrition -- retention levels. The level of closures was well down relative to prior years. That may surprise you in the middle of a pandemic, I think that demonstrates the resiliency of our merchants and also their desire to focus on other things than on the -- who their processor or merchant acquirer is. On a flip side, that did put a little bit of pressure on the ad side, where the level of new merchant growth was less than what we would have anticipated in a normal market. We still saw good net year-over-year growth in both Mexico and in Europe. US has had, as I mentioned, with the traditional portfolio, you always have that driving headwind. But overall, we felt pretty good with the merchant portfolio given the operating environment remaining pretty stable. And we think as things reopen, as storefronts have an opportunity to maybe get back to normal that there will be an opportunity for some good new business activity on a go-forward basis. But right now, merchants have higher priorities to focus on.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. Appreciate the insight. Thanks.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Napoli with William Blair.
Robert Napoli: Thank you. And good morning.
Jim Kelly: Hi, Bob.
Robert Napoli: A question on the - I guess, as you look out over the next 3 to 5 years, which portions of your business - I don't know how you want to break it out by country. I mean, Poland and Mexico, obviously, each 20% of the business, they were coming in. But prior to pandemic, a little more than that maybe. Then your e-commerce, your B2B business, what is going to be the drive - what is the right growth rate as we come out of the pandemic organically? And which markets, as you sit here today, do you think are going to be the largest organic drivers?
Jim Kelly: Okay. Yeah. I think the 2 that you mentioned, Poland will continue as would Mexico. Probably, Mexico is somewhat underpenetrated compared to Poland in cards on a relative basis. And I think another driver will be our push into Latin America. As Brendan mentioned in his comments, when we were on the call in the third quarter, our expectations were that we would have Chile up and live by this point. A combination of the pandemic and it's their summer season, so holidays, their equivalent of July and August, just kind of got it in the way. But we see Chile, while it's a relatively small market, it will be a very fast grower. We're aligned with a very large financial institution in the market. So I would say those two from acceleration should have a very strong organic growth. Our B2B business now is -- and will continue to be our fastest grower in the US in the aggregate and will, at some point, eclipse and deaden the impact, as Tom was talking about traditional. We see the - or I see the B2B business and our ISV business as kind of the two leaders for our US business over the next 3 to 5 years, as you mentioned. And then across Europe, I think our investments now in tech-enabled, enabling our - the ISVs across the European markets will also help accelerate the growth in already fast-growing markets, really in each one of our markets and less reliant on the banks. And the reason we focus on the banks is it's a great way to get into a new market for a company that's not currently in the market. And then our strategy is to accelerate that growth through our e-commerce and tech-enabled capabilities.
Robert Napoli: Thank you. Can you just give a little more color on your B2B strategy, Jim? I mean, how do you fit into the market? I mean, I think you're mostly on the AR side with the acquisitions you've made. And is that something -- are you looking to -- so if you give a little color and then how you plan to grow that organically and or inorganically.
Jim Kelly: Sure. You know what I'm going to do? I'm sitting right next to Brendan, who has that direct responsibility, so I'll let Brendan tackle it.
Brendan Tansill: Great. Hey, Bob.
Robert Napoli: Hey, Brendan.
Brendan Tansill: So on B2B, today, we are exclusively on the AR side, so your supposition is correct. We - as a byproduct of our acquisition of notice about 3 years ago, we inherited a B2B gateway that we branded PayFabric. And the way that we leverage PayFabric is to integrate our payments capabilities into ERPs. So we initiated our ERP strategy by dealing with sort of the big guys. We've now have a solution for SAP, Oracle and Microsoft. NetSuite, while it's owned by Oracle, it's a separate technology stack. That would be the one large player that we do not have a solution for today directly. And then there's a long tail of smaller ERPs that we integrate to, either by way of acquisition, by buying an integrator or by building a proprietary integration again through that PayFabric gateway. So we embed our payment acceptance technology into these ERPs, and then we set up referral relationships, both with the ERP companies themselves. So they sell their software to a large merchant. And as part of that sale, they say, do you accept credit card and would you value that payment acceptance to be embedded in your ERP. The merchant says yes, and then they refer that merchant to us, and we would close it. And then there's also a reseller network in the ERP community. There are companies that service software consiglieres. They offer a variety of solutions to merchants. And they good, better, best type of thing. And we have relationships with those guys as well. And they would call us and say, hey, listen, I just installed XYZ solution, and they would either sell our payment acceptance directly or they would refer to us, and we would close that sale. In all instances, these guys will get a revenue share, so that our interests are aligned. But what - think of our strategy across all of tech-enabled, B2B, e-com and ISV. The software companies and the resellers, they're the same as bank branches. They're an extension of our distribution. So we are trying to build out an organization that has distribution that extends beyond the direct sales force that we are - that we employ. So it allows us to get to the market faster and more - in a broader way. And then the last piece, Bob, I'm sure you're aware of Level 2, Level 3, that if you capture certain data at the point-of-sale of the transaction, the merchant qualifies for lower interchange rates. It's an offering that Visa and Mastercard have made in the market to try and drive into that B2B area. I was looking at a research report recently, and I think the B2B spend in North America alone is $25 trillion, $1 trillion of which is card. So that gives you a sense for the opportunity. And then the final leg to the stool would be my remarks to this point of focus exclusively on the AR side. We do think AP is interesting. This would be simplifying the payables cycle and paying vendors in an automated way. It would allow for better automation, fewer headcount in the payables department, all that kind of good stuff. And it would allow us to be a one-stop shop, so that we would address both the receivable side and the payable side. It would allow for, I think, a stickier customer relationship, lower attrition, perhaps drive a bit of pricing power. And the business model on that side is you - generally speaking, you pay vendors across a number of card types, but you issue a virtual card. And then the customer of ours would pay its vendor with that virtual card, we would collect interchange. So interchange would become a source of revenue for us. And in some instances, we would actually kick back a portion of that interchange to our customer that paid the vendor. So in effect, to get a discount on your invoice for using our platform. So that's something that we've been doodling on, we've been kicking around. But yes, today, we're exclusively on the receivable side.
Robert Napoli: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi. Good morning, guys. Brendan, I also wanted to ask on - just on Mexico. Is the improvement in Mexico something economic there? Or is it something you guys are doing? And is it a way maybe we could look at maybe other countries on how they might recover as well as we get through the pandemic?
Brendan Tansill: Good morning and thanks for the question. On Mexico, the resiliency there, I think, is as much a reflection of our merchant base as it is anything else. We -- the banking market there is 4 big banks. There are really two that are clearly the market leader, BBVA and Banamex. We're obviously in partnership with Banamex. And Banamex's merchant base is the biggest of the big. And therefore, our merchant base is the biggest of the big. And when Jim and Tom, earlier in the call, referred to a mix shift where the big box retailers were winning, and that was negatively impacting our spreads because those guys generally have greater pricing power, Mexico is a clear example of that. So our biggest customer in Mexico is Costco, as an example, but we also process for Cinpolis and for Soriana and for a bunch of the top 10 merchants in the market. And so again, yes, it helps with respect to volume and resiliency. It creates a bit of a headwind with respect to spread. As to whether or not that same strategy will be applicable to other markets in the region, I think it would really come down to what bank do we partner with and how large are the merchants at that bank tends to service. In the case of BCI, in my prepared remarks, I commented that we've been working hard with the bank to establish a sales pipeline. And I can tell you, the early read on that pipeline is the merchant base will skew similarly to what we've experienced in Mexico. And they have - they facilitated the introductions to merchants of that ilk, and we feel good about our positioning when we get that CMF approval. I think the other thing, though, is these upmarkets are incredibly immature. And you are going to see, as Jim said, faster organic growth just because of the lack of maturity there, and that will create some degree of resiliency as well so.
Bryan Keane: Got it, got it. That's helpful. And then, Tom, just thinking about the cadence of revenue growth throughout the year. Obviously, when we look at trends, the negative impact from the pandemic was biggest in that second quarter, but also just thinking about the rollout of vaccines and probably a stronger second half. Just any comments on the balance on how to think about the growth?
Tom Panther: Yeah. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty out there. If we could predict that, we would be doing something else probably. But given that, what we see and what our intuition and judgment tells us is that, as we mentioned in our remarks, Q1 is going to be impacted adversely by the continued lockdowns and as well as some of the weather-related challenges that we've had, particularly in the US I think that has also impacted that 10% year-to-date. So we think that will thaw literally over the - and March will be stronger from what we saw relative to January and February. And then from there, our expectation is that Q2 is a healthy lift. But when you look at the timing of what governments are signaling, and I hope they're being conservative here, so that it's always easier on the population to dial it back than to tighten the grips further. But what you see in terms of our European markets, particularly in the UK and in Ireland, is that a full release of restrictions not occurring until pretty late into the second quarter. Now our prediction is that in the meantime, there will be some stage to bring back some level of commerce because the infection rates are just dropping precipitously there, and we're hopeful that, that continues, both because of vaccine rollout as well as just maybe some level of just innate herd immunity occurring with this being in the environment for over a year. So a modest pickup in the second quarter and then a healthy - really healthy rebound in the second half of the year. I think we can all attest, with respect to our kind of own personal experience with this, people are itching to get out, and they're itching to travel again. They're itching to get to restaurants and enjoy some of the things that were available to us pre pandemic. And so our expectation is when you reach that level of stability and government support, the second half of the year has the opportunity to be really a strong economic growth and just overall market conditions. So I think we'll see a little bit of increasing slope and then - and ratchet it up in the third and fourth quarter.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Helpful comments. Thanks for taking the questions.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, everyone. This is Cathy on for Jason. So I know you guys provided 2021 guidance, which was helpful. But I also wanted to see if you guys could share your 2021 expectations by region. For example, which regions are you expecting growth to return faster in, which markets are still lagging? Thanks.
Jim Kelly: Thank you for the question. I would - I don't know that we can break it down any finer than what we've outlined thus far. I think where you'll see - where we will experience the greatest rebound is Europe. Europe has had, and we showed in the slides, the greatest impact relative to lockdowns. And so as those are relaxed, and as Tom just mentioned, if the governments are overshooting what they really expect, and they're going to loosen it up faster because the vaccinations are having a more positive impact on infection rates, then I think we'll see the possibility is before we get to the second half, so in mid- to late second quarter, we may see a bounce back a little earlier than expected. I think in all our internal slides, as we look at infection rates, et cetera, by country, which everybody else can see, it's public data, the slides indicate that in all markets, even markets that seem to be somewhat behind on vaccination, the cases are dropping. So I would anticipate Europe would have the most dramatic impact. The Europe - US seems to be ahead in many respects in terms of number of people vaccinated. And just given our access to a variety of different pharmaceutical solutions, maybe the US, as well, will have a stronger rebound in the second quarter. But right now, I think it's out of our ability to be any finer than what we've estimated thus far.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. And just a follow-up, just could we get an update on the e-comm or integrated channels? Like what does it look like exiting 2020? And what are your expectations there for 2021? Thanks.
Jim Kelly: All right. Well, I'll let Darren take Europe, and then Brendan can cover the Americas. So Darren, do you want to go?
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim, Thanks, Cathy. Yes, the e-comm and, generally, the Card Not Present channel has inevitably grown significantly in Europe given the lockdowns and the consumers willing to spend and, more importantly, merchants being agile and adaptable to accepting alternative channels for payments. So some of our merchant count, merchant growth ads has been one and truly sustained by cross selling, up selling, e-commerce and integrated solutions. The focus continues, as messaged throughout this call, on the digital channels in Europe and the tech-enabled solutions. There's a lot of focus in every market. And whilst the UK was quoted as kind of being, I guess, more closer to the US in terms of significant growth of ISVs, we are seeing that incidence across all markets. So there's a doubling down of effort through all the markets, and we'll be in strong double-digit percentage growth through the tech-enabled channels and getting to 40% -- 30%, 40% of our volume coming through the Card Not Present or the integrated channels in Europe as a directional statement. I'll hand over to Brendan.
Brendan Tansill: Yeah. Thanks, Darren. So in the US, we'll speak about the US and then Mexico. In the US, the story is really B2B. I mean, I think Jim highlighted it. But today, it's nearly 40% of revenue, and we didn't have a B2B business prior to 2017. And in 2017, it was immaterial to the aggregate company. So - and that's in large part organic. So that is an incredibly exciting story. And for the reasons that I highlighted in the earlier question, I see no reason why that growth would decelerate in any way. The opportunity respectively is equally exciting. On the ISV side specific to '21, the business, as Jim mentioned earlier, is oriented towards hospitality. So ass restaurants reopen, the business will rebound. And then on the e-com side, our e-com business has obviously benefited. The broader industry has benefited on the e-comm side as consumer behavior has moved to at home versus walking around, and our business is no different. Our e-com business is largely indirect. As we've discussed on prior calls, we're in the journey of evolving our business from an indirect to a direct business, and we are seeing some activity on the partnership side, with our pipeline looking increasingly exciting across a number of verticals, pet and health care, in particular. So I'm optimistic that the improvement in the e-com business will sustain itself. And then specific to Mexico, there is no B2B business in Mexico today. The ISV business is very early on. That said, as Jim said, the SF Systems acquisition gives us dedicated technology resources and dedicated sales, and we have launched successful partnerships like the one that we highlighted on an earlier quarter with TouchBistro. So I'm confident that we will be market leader there in the ISV segment. But today, to be a market leader, it's not particularly impactful to our overall financial results. The e-com situation, that's absolutely not the case. Our e-com business is low teens percent of the overall business, but has grown anywhere from 20% to 45%, depending on the year. So it - and that, again, that should sustain. And we have -- we are looking to enhance our technology offering on the e-commerce side as well to make us less reliant on third-party vendors that would eat into our economics. So more to come there.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful, guys. Thanks for taking my questions in the end here. Take care.
Jim Kelly: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta: Good morning, Jim. You talked about banks starting to open up and maybe potentially that providing an opportunity to do some M&A or partnership. Do you think that takes until we're kind of through with COVID-19? Or do you think the movement happened and there's an opportunity before COVID-19 is kind of all done?
Jim Kelly: My sense is that the process is beginning now. We were much less so during the height of COVID just because everybody's uncertainty. And I think if I were running a bank, I think you'd want to see all the cards or most of the cards before you made decisions on what you wanted to do. And as I said, I think most banks, going into COVID, were considering how the world was evolving relative to banks, branches closing, digital becoming much more important, whether they were going to invest in merchant directly or they were going to find a partnership. So I think it was already in -- if they didn't have such a relationship, I think they were already thinking about it. And it was just a question of build or buy. COVID, I think, slowed that down. And I think for us, too. These deals tend to be -- most of them, pretty sizable investments of time, resources, opportunity, cost, money. So we also wanted the opportunity to meet them and get to know them as opposed to just do it entirely over a Zoom call or something of that nature. So I think with the restrictions loosening, travel, our expectations that, that will loosen, I think banks will -- especially if they need to raise capital and they're looking for digital, I think we're going to see some activity in '21, and that will extend into '22.
Kartik Mehta: And then just as a follow-up. Brendan, you talked a lot about the B2B success you're having in the U.S. Is there an opportunity in Europe to do something similar? Or are the partnerships that you have right now in the US, and you need to do something in Europe, it's different in Europe to really get that business going?
Darren Wilson: Kartik, I think, as you mentioned there
Kartik Mehta: Hey, Darren.
Darren Wilson: I'll take that. Hi. And so the B2B opportunity in Europe is nothing like the potential at all of the U.S. at the minute, simply with the EU regulation on consumer debit credit of 0.3, 0.2, respectively, the scheme incentives for interchange or scheme fees to discount commercial or purchasing card, either a level 2, level 3 data or whatever it may be, it's just not there. There's no motivation to do that. So selling that only on kind of an accounts receivable integration without some price incentive on interchange is a very challenging sale for the minute for business entities to kind of buy a B2B product as it would be seen in the US. So that said, the schemes now, it is probably one of the biggest white spaces left in Europe for card opportunity. Brendan quoted the numbers for the U.S. Think of it as 0 on card almost in Europe relative to that sizable opportunity as well. So I can see it coming in time strategically, but no -- subtly not yet, but watch the space as, inevitably, the schemes find mechanisms to untap that market.
Kartik Mehta: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Blakey with Truist Securities.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hey, good morning. It's actually Andrew Jeffrey for Tom.
Jim Kelly: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Jeffrey: Good morning. Appreciate you squeezing me in here at the end. Just one for you, Jim, and I appreciate the slides and the volume trends are helpful. When I look at your vertical market exposure, I mean, I think it's easy to understand, both in the U.S., but really, I'm looking at Europe, where your leverage recovery is going to be. Is there anything you can do, want to do, should be doing to influence that mix? Or is that sort of beyond your control? I'm thinking about, maybe less so in Europe, but also in the US, just the technology change and the pace of change in hospitality and restaurants in particular, and I wonder about your strategic positioning against that just broadly.
Jim Kelly: I would say every market has its own characteristics. Many of these we've bought into, as Brendan was describing Mexico, it's very tilted toward the large merchants as is Poland. Ireland, for example, where we're aligned with the leading bank, Bank of Ireland, this was a startup because that business had already traded hands with one of our competitors years before. And there, we're more of an SME working up to the larger merchants because larger merchants have already got a processing partner from 20 years ago. And so mix is going to again be a reflection of the characteristics of how we enter the market, who we entered the market with and where the opportunities are. I would say, even given that though, the US as an example, we acquired Sterling. Sterling was heavily oriented to hospitality. The two GMs that run that business have been working to expand - not that hospitality is bad. It's completely the opposite. It just wasn't so great during the COVID time period. But extend to either vertical opportunities domestically, one, just to diversify the base, but to take advantage of a space where our capabilities are - can be deployed as successfully as hospitality, but it was just the model of the company we acquired to be oriented to hospitality. And the same for Darren in Europe. Darren's - his business, in particular, is very oriented to financial institutions because that's really how we got into the market. But if we look at the UK market, as I said earlier, it's almost on 80% ISV driven. And the guy who runs it, Andy White, has done an excellent job in making a business of something that didn't exist for us or - 5 years ago. And it's probably our leader in terms of new business generated in a market, and it's in a variety of different vertical markets. So I think the opportunity to continue to diversify is very rich in Europe. And then, likewise, as Brendan mentioned, still very small in Mexico, but we anticipate being a leader in the ISV space. And we've already invested pretty heavily in it. We've got a number of resources dedicated to it and the technology capabilities. And we intend to do the exact same as we enter the Chilean market and, hopefully, other Latin American markets.
Andrew Jeffrey: I appreciate it all. Better get a cup coffee.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from Mike Del Grosso with Compass Point.
Mike Del Grosso: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me. And a lot of my questions have been asked and answered. But I want to touch on one that came up actually about 6 months ago. You talked about bringing your European e-com gateway assets to the U.S. Wanted to see if there's been any update there or how that's been progressing? Thanks.
Jim Kelly: Yeah. We did mention that. We actually brought it to - the intention was the US and Mexico. We saw Mexico as a bigger near-term opportunity for, I think, obvious reasons. We're much later to the e-commerce space in the US I mean, this has been going strong for a very long period of time. And Mexico, as Brendan mentioned, has a much bigger opportunity. And the business we acquired, Citibank's business was dependent on third parties. And therefore, that platform has been enabled in Mexico, and we'll continue to build out its capabilities in that market. As it relates to the US, because we shifted resources to Mexico versus the U.S., we've also made the decision to use the same B2B platform that we own, we acquired when we bought it. It's called PayFabric that we refer to internally as PayFabric. It already supports B2C. It has areas that we need to build out. So we'll likely have PayFabric be the backbone for direct e-commerce in the US, and the expectation is that we should have something up by the end of this year.
Mike Del Grosso: Great. Thank you.
Jim Kelly: Okay.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now hand the call back to Jim Kelly for closing remarks.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, operator. And thank you all for joining our call this morning and your continued interest in EVO.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder today's conference will be recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host Senior Vice President Investor Relations Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good and welcome to Global Payments third quarter 2020 conference call. Before we begin I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks uncertainties and other factors including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted net revenue adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC regulations please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are; Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Winnie. We delivered third quarter results that substantially exceeded our expectations because of our differentiated strategy and technology enablement to drive digital growth. Each of adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share significantly outperformed the targets we put in place post the pandemic outbreak and we continue to gain share relative to our markets. We thank our team members for their hard work and dedication to our customers to each other and to the communities in which we live and work during these most difficult times. We are particularly pleased with the significant level of operating margin expansion that we generated in the quarter. These results validate the actions we took at the beginning of the outbreak of COVID-19 both in timing and quantum. As a result we are delighted to have returned to earnings growth in the third quarter of 2020. Our expectations are for continued progress in the fourth quarter, providing meaningful momentum heading into 2021. We are also pleased to continue to make substantial progress on our strategic goals this year, extending our lead and deepening our competitive moat. Year-to-date we entered into a landmark collaboration with Amazon Web Services, our preferred provider of cloud services for our issuer business, across the 60% threshold of our business coming from technology enablement the goal we set in March 2018 for year-end 2020 and purchased an additional 29% of our joint venture in October with CaixaBank in Spain and Portugal, two of the most attractive domestic markets in Europe. And we did all this during a once-in-a-century pandemic while meaningfully expanding market share by signing marquee competitive takeaways including Truist the sixth largest bank in the United States and by extending relationships with some of the largest most sophisticated and complex financial institutions worldwide including HSBC, CIBC, TD Bank and Wells Fargo. Turning to our merchant business. Our technology-enabled portfolio consists of three roughly equally sized channels. Our omnichannel partner software and owned software vertical markets businesses collectively represent nearly 60% of merchant revenue. Our relationship-led businesses make up the remaining portion and continue to differentiate themselves in the markets we serve based on the strength of our technology offerings. Starting with our market-leading omnichannel capabilities we are unique in our ability to offer local sales and operational support at scale physically in 38 countries and to provide services plus quarter virtually into 100. That scale and reach particularly in many of the hardware served markets we operate in today is a significant competitive advantage. Volumes in this channel grew in the mid-teens during the third quarter compared to the prior year excluding travel and entertainment. With changing consumer preferences as a tailwind, we believe we will sustain higher levels of growth in our omnichannel businesses on an ongoing basis coming out of the pandemic as channel shift and market share gains continue. Our ability to seamlessly provide the full spectrum of payment solutions drove new wins this quarter with large multinationals including Yves Saint Laurent, Alexander McQueen and Fedex each of which spans multiple geographies. Additionally, we recently signed a new multiyear partnership with Uber in Taiwan to provide payment solutions for both Uber Rides and Uber Eats. The Uber agreement was one as a result of the strength of our domestic capabilities. We were also excited to expand our current relationship with global storage solutions company PODS beyond North America and Canada into Australia. We went live with Citi in Canada this quarter on our unified commerce platform or UCP, and we are now pursuing customers jointly across North America and United Kingdom. We are also pleased to announce, that we have agreed to expand our partnership with Citi, across Continental Europe, and we expect to launch those new UCP markets in the first half of 2021. Global payments integrated GPI, returned to growth in the third quarter because of the unliable breadth of our partnership portfolio with over 4,000 ISVs in the most attractive vertical markets. Prior to COVID-19, our integrated business consistently delivered double-digit organic revenue growth through market share gains and terrific ongoing execution. Through our merger with TSYS, we meaningfully increased the scale of the partner portfolio and enhanced our capabilities with additional assets like Genius and ProPay. The strength of our combined integrated offerings, allowed this business to achieve its budgeted new sales forecast for the third quarter, with new partner production increasing over 70% versus 2019. Notable new wins include partnerships with CDK Global, a leading provider of automated software solutions to more than 20,000 dealerships around the world, as well as with Sandhills, a large private auction software provider, focused on the industrial equipment and machinery market. We also signed Pentair, a leader in software solutions for field service providers including Pentair's own 17,000 plus dealers in addition to independent service companies. Our own software businesses represent the remaining roughly 20% of our technology-enabled merchant revenue and our leading SaaS solutions in health care, higher education and quick service restaurant or QSR have been more resilient in the current environment. Even in our businesses that have been more impacted by the pandemic, including active in our K-12 primary education and gaming businesses, we are seeing sequential improvement, giving us increased confidence for 2021. Our strategy of delivering the full value stack in key verticals continues to produce deeper, richer, and more value-added relationships with customers, and is becoming table stakes in the markets we serve. Our enterprise QSR business continued its success with Xenial's online ordering and delivery solutions, which has now enabled more than 62 million orders and greater than $1 billion in sales in 2020. We also completed the rollout of our cloud-based SaaS point-of-sale solution with Dutch Bros, and we are currently installing our POS solutions in all Long John Silver's locations in the United States. And we have now integrated our Genius payment solutions from TSYS into our Xenial offerings, significantly expanding our cross-sell capabilities. Today, we lead with technology and innovative solutions across all of our merchant businesses. This includes our relationship channels, where we continue to see strong new sales performance, fueled by our suite of differentiated products and solutions. For example, in our Heartland business, nearly two-thirds of new sales are technology-driven, including our leading POS software and online ordering solutions. We have seen strong demand for these offerings during the pandemic. Heartland delivered record new sales performance in the third quarter. And while we continue to focus on new technologies and markets, we have not lost sight of our long-standing partnerships with some of the largest most sophisticated and complex financial institutions worldwide. We are delighted to announce that we have renewed our relationship with HSBC in the United Kingdom for merchant services. This comes a little over a decade, after we entered that market with our joint venture. We also recently executed a new merchant referral agreement with CIBC in Canada, a partnership that began right before our IPO in early 2001. Extended relationships in Europe with HSBC and in Canada with CIBC closely followed the expansion of our partnership with CaixaBank, in Spain and Portugal. We are thrilled to have closed in early October on the agreement to purchase an additional 29% of Comercia, increasing our ownership stake to 80%. Our exclusive referral relationship now expands through 2040, 30 years after the initial joint venture date. We are humbled by the confidence that our partners place in us, every day. Regarding our issuer business, we announced last quarter a transformational go-to-market collaboration with Amazon Web Services or AWS to provide an industry-leading cloud-based issuer processing platform for customers regardless of size, location or processing preference. This is a game changer for three reasons. First, it levels the playing field by bringing leading-edge technologies, previously available only to new entrants to financial institutions and retailers of all sizes worldwide. Second, it triples our target addressable market by extending our geographic footprint and transforming our technologies to attract new market entrants, while dramatically expanding our distribution assets with AWS' sales force globally on a unique basis. Third, it brings significant benefits to our customers and their consumers by enabling frictionless digital experiences in a safe commerce environment. Our collaboration with AWS is already bearing fruit. We are pleased to announce our first joined competitive takeaway, a financial institution customer in Asia, currently with a legacy competitor to be boarded in our cloud-based solution in 2021. We also have recently been awarded new business with a large domestic financial institution in Europe on a cloud basis. Our issuer technology transformation is now fully underway and on track. As we continue to gain share through our unique collaboration, we will capitalize on the broad and deep pipeline we have the good fortune to have in our issuer business. We currently have 11 letters of intent with financial institutions worldwide, seven of which are competitive takeaways. In the last 18 months, we have had 33 competitive wins across North America and international markets. Each market share gains are occurring right now in the midst of a pandemic and prior to full implementation of our cloud native solutions with AWS. All of this is, of course, in addition to significant renewal agreements that we executed this past quarter including with TD Bank, Wells Fargo and Advanzia in Europe. We are also pleased to announce that we have secured long-term extensions with Arvest Bank as well as with Banco Popular in Puerto Rico and that we have finalized an agreement with Scotiabank to convert its Canadian consumer credit card and loan accounts. Our business and consumer segment delivered high single-digit growth, achieving record third quarter revenues in a challenging macroeconomic environment and well after the April stimulus. This business also substantially expanded operating margins, which we drove by disciplined focus on expense management and execution since the merger. The shift to cashless solutions is benefiting us across the business and consumer portfolio with customers remaining active longer and utilizing more of our products. As just one example, we are seeing rapid adoption of our TIPs solution with a number of customer locations using us for disbursement of five-fold since the beginning of the pandemic. We also signed a new strategic relationship with Austin Football Club, the newest MLS franchise and we are working with the team in the stadium to develop a cashless payment account and processing ecosystem while also leveraging brand sponsorship opportunities. We closed on our new joint venture with MoneyToPay on October 1st, which expands our target addressable market to include Continental Europe for the first time. We have no better partners in CaixaBank and we believe the combination will offer significant growth opportunities for this business segment in the future. The new venture also validates the types of revenue synergies we anticipated at the time of our TSYS merger. Finally, the underlying strength of our businesses has enabled us to now return our focus towards the traditional capital allocation priorities that we've employed over the last seven years, return capital to shareholders and select M&A. We have put those initiatives on hold at the beginning of the COVID outbreak. It was difficult in March to imagine we would be in the position that we are in today. As a result we look for more activity going forward subject of course to the capital markets environment and outlook. Now over to Paul.
Paul Todd: Thanks Jeff. I'm extremely proud of the financial performance we achieved this quarter that once again exceeded our expectations driven by strong execution of our differentiated technology enabled strategy. Adjusted net revenue for the quarter was $1.75 billion, reflecting growth of 64% over 2019. Adjusted net revenue compared to the prior year on a combined basis was down just 4%, a meaningful improvement from the second quarter. Importantly, our adjusted operating margin increased an impressive 250 basis points to 41.1% as we benefited from the broad expense actions we took to address the impact of the pandemic and the realization of cost synergies related to the merger, which continue to track ahead of plan. The net result was adjusted earnings per share of $1.71 for the third quarter, which compares to $1.70 in the prior year period, an impressive outcome that highlights the durability and resiliency of our model. These results include an accrual for nonexecutive bonuses as our performance for the quarter substantially exceeded our expectations. We are pleased to be in a position to begin to reward our team members around the world who continue to deliver the highest standard of service to our customers. In our Merchant Solutions segment, we achieved adjusted net revenue of $1.13 billion for the third quarter, a 6% decline from the prior year on a combined basis and significant improvement from the second quarter. Notably, we delivered an adjusted operating margin of 47.3% in this segment, an improvement of roughly 40 basis points as our cost initiatives and the underlying strength of our business mix more than offset top line headwinds from the macro environment. Our technology enabled portfolio was relatively resilient once again with several of our businesses delivering year-over-year growth in the third quarter on a combined basis. Specifically our worldwide omnichannel e-commerce volumes excluding T&E grew mid-teens as our unique value proposition including our unified commerce platform or UCP continues to resonate with customers. Also global payments integrated delivered adjusted net revenue growth in the quarter on a combined basis, while the leading scale and scope of our ecosystem has this business on pace to deliver another record year for new partner production. As for our own software portfolio AdvancedMD remained a bright spot, producing strong adjusted net revenue growth and once again delivering record bookings during the third quarter. Moving to our relationship-led businesses. We are pleased to have realized solid sequential improvement across geographies this quarter and payment volumes continued to recover around the world. Once again execution in these businesses remained very strong this quarter as evidenced by the new sales performance Jeff highlighted earlier and share gains we have realized. Turning to Issuer Solutions. We delivered $433 million in adjusted net revenue for the third quarter, representing a 2.5% decline from the prior year period on a combined basis. As transaction volumes are recovering, traditional accounts on file continue to grow in the mid single-digits and set a new record for the quarter, and our bundled pricing model including value-added products and services benefits performance. In fact, excluding our commercial card business, which represents approximately 20% of our issued portfolio and is being impacted by limited corporate travel this segment delivered low single-digit growth for the quarter on a combined basis. Adjusted segment operating margin for issuer expanded a very strong 500 basis points to 43.3% compared to the prior year on a combined basis as we continue to benefit from our efforts to drive efficiencies in the business. Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of $204 million, a record third quarter result representing growth of more than 7% from the prior year. Netspend continues to benefit from strong trends in gross dollar volume, which increased 12% for the quarter an impressive outcome in light of the environment and in the absence of incremental stimulus. We are pleased that Netspend customers remain active and are utilizing our products for purchases as we are seeing a shift to cashless spending in this channel as well. We are particularly pleased by trends with our DDA products with active account growth increasing 24% from the prior year. Adjusted operating margin for this segment improved 710 basis points to 25.6% as we benefit from the efforts we have made over the past year to streamline costs and drive greater operational efficiencies in this business. The powerful combination of Global Payments and TSYS has provided us with multiple levers to mitigate the headwinds we have faced from the pandemic. We are making great progress on our integration, which I mentioned continues to track ahead of plan. It has been just over one year since we closed our merger and we have the confidence to again raise our estimate for annual run rate expense synergies from the merger to at least $375 million within three years up from our previous estimate of $350 million. This marks the third time we have increased our cost synergy expectations. We also remain confident in our ability to deliver at least $125 million in annual run rate revenue synergies and the $400 million in additional annual run rate expense savings related to the pandemic, which is incremental to the TSYS merger synergies. As we sit here today, our business is healthy and we are able to return to our capital allocation priorities. We generated roughly $500 million in adjusted free cash flow this quarter, essentially funding our purchase of an additional 29% stake in our joint venture with CaixaBank. We reinvested approximately $120 million of CapEx back into the business. We ended the quarter with roughly $3 billion of liquidity and a leverage position of roughly 2.5 times on a net debt basis. Given our strong liquidity and balance sheet strength, we are pleased to announce that our Board of Directors has increased our share repurchase authorization to $1.25 billion, while we continue executing against the full pipeline of merger and acquisition opportunities. While we are not providing guidance at this time, we currently expect to have margin expansion and earnings per share growth for the fourth quarter providing us with strong momentum heading into 2021. Additionally, assuming the recovery continues to progress and we see a more normal environment in 2021, we are currently targeting adjusted earnings per share of roughly $8 for next year. We are grateful for our market leadership in global scaling payments, while the proliferation of technology and software in our industry should allow us to continue to drive meaningful share gains well into the future. And with that I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: I am very proud of all that we have accomplished thus far in 2020, as we execute on our strategic initiatives. This will be a remarkable year regardless of the macroeconomic environment, but it is all the more notable in the face of a 100-year pandemic. AWS, CaixaBank and crossing a 60% digital enablement threshold, just to name a few of the noteworthy accomplishments. Our new collaborations with market-leading technology companies such as AWS combined with distinctive partnerships with some of the largest and most complex institutions in the world such as HSBC, CIBC and CaixaBank provide further validation of the wisdom of our differentiated strategies. We are enthusiastic about the future, as we continue to advance our technology-enabled software-driven goals building upon our competitive advantages to widen our moat and to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Darrin, your line is open.
Darrin Peller: All right. Hey, thanks, guys. Jeff, I just want to start off with your strategy around acquisitions and really the technologies and capabilities you really think you can use to fill out what's already obviously showing to hold up  hold its own pretty well. And then just on top of that any data points you can give us on how you're kind of filling the funnel on the top in terms of bookings new business trends in the merchant business versus any attrition levels would be great. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin. It's Jeff and I'll start. I'm sure Cameron and Paul can comment on your second question. But on your first question listen our strategy has not changed the company probably over the last number of years and that is to say that we have three legs to the stool. Those legs to the stool include owned and partnered software, include e-commerce and omnichannel businesses and exposure to faster growth market. So I'd say pretty much all the deals that we look at fall into one or more of those three buckets. We're really pleased about where we are today. And Paul of course mentioned this in his prepared comments is that we sit here today in a healthy position as we've ever been but particularly much healthier than we would have guessed probably back in March or April. As Paul said, there was never a day on a net basis 2.5 times and we have $3 billion of liquidity. Our M&A pipeline is pretty full. But obviously some of that depends on some stability of course in the capital markets. So you saw our announcement today about our Board thankfully increasing our share repurchase authorization. For the time being the best investment I think is us given our performance and where the markets have been. Having said though we continue to execute against that pipeline and we're well capitalized to pursue those opportunities. So I think we're in a really happy place Darrin. And I would say our strategy has not changed and you probably saw this in our release as well as our prepared comments. We've actually now crossed the 60% threshold of our merchant business coming from digital trends which is something that we started talking about in 2015 and 2018. We set that target in our last Investor Day in 2018. For the end of this year we crossed that threshold in the third quarter. So I think that's been working really well for us. I don't really see that changing. And if we were to do additional acquisitions subject to market conditions they would probably fall on lines of those three buckets. So Cameron, do you want to talk a little about the second question?
Cameron Bready: Yes, sure. Darrin, good morning. I'll touch on that. I'm going to focus on North America, since that represents about 80% of our merchant business. But I would tell you the one thing that we tried to do during the midst of the pandemic is focused on the things that we can control and that starts with new sales. And I would say the new sales performance across our businesses have really been exceptional. Heartland had a record new sales production period in the third quarter, up double-digits year-over-year, up 25% sequentially versus the second quarter. Again, the strongest new sales performance period in the history of that business. Our integrated business as we noted in our prepared comments is tracking to budget for the year notwithstanding the pandemic. New partner production is up 70% year-over-year. And I would say the overall partner pipeline is as strong as it's ever been in that business. And we're pretty optimistic about the momentum we have heading into Q4 and 2021 in our integrated channel. In vertical markets, we saw a particular strength in AdvancedMD. That's a continuing theme obviously we touched on throughout the pandemic. Their new bookings were up 15% year-over-year. In Xenial, our QSR enterprise business. We saw new SaaS sales up 30% year-over-year. In our higher education business, new bookings are tracking at a consistent level with 2019, despite a number of campuses being closed during the midst of the pandemic. So we're pleased with that performance as well. Canada saw new sales up 12% year-over-year in the quarter  or excuse me year-over-year, year-to-date, they're up 28% in Q3. So again, continued strong strength in the Canadian market largely on the heels of our new partnership with Desjardins, which continues to bear free for us in that market. In Europe and Asia, overall, I'll just touch on briefly. I think their performance has been very strong, notwithstanding the environment they've been operating in. New sales remain solid in all those markets. The U.K. has had some significant new wins this quarter that we're particularly pleased with. Spain continues to be a strong performer for us. Midtown is up in Spain year-over-year. Domestic volumes are up, 5%, 6% in Spain year-over-year. We see particular strength in that market as well. And then Asia, again new sales performance has been very good. Obviously, the overall macro in Asia continues to be a bit soft given the impact of the pandemic. But I would say just overall in the business going back to my opening comments, we are exceptionally pleased with the pace of new sales and how we've executed with new sales and bookings throughout the pandemic but particularly in Q3.
Darrin Peller: That's really helpful, guys. Great detail. I mean it sounds like  and I'll leave it at this but it sounds like overall the technology offerings you have is enabling. You guys can gain share to a degree that you come out of the pandemic potentially larger or in line or larger than you could have been before. Is that fair just based on the type of differentiation you're seeing versus maybe some of the banks out there?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I think we're certainly  our opinion you look at Visa and Mastercard just right Darrin, which on a combined basis I view as kind of the market and these numbers obviously are multiples better, than those numbers. So with that, that I think supports our thesis that, we're rapidly gaining share in pretty much every one of our businesses, as we look at it especially for these purposes our merchant business. So I think what you said is exactly right. And that in addition to the bookings numbers which are great leading indicators that Cameron alluded to, make us feel really good about the trajectory of the business.
Darrin Peller: Yeah. It's fair to say. All right, thanks guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Dave, your line is open.
Dave Koning: Hi. Thanks and nice job.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Dave.
Dave Koning: Yeah. And maybe, could you review monthly trends in -- especially in merchant maybe -- I know you did down 6% year-over-year. But did that improve throughout the quarter? And maybe how is that setting up into October?
Paul Todd: Yeah. So maybe I'll start. And Cameron, can give a little more insight. Yeah, the monthly trends continue to kind of have good both stabilization and kind of sequential monthly growth and so, we had said for some time now that, from a merchant standpoint our volumes looked a lot like the Visa credit volumes. But most recently started positively decoupling from those volumes and trending better. And we saw that obviously in the third quarter, relative to the Visa volumes that came back yesterday. And we're continuing to see that, improvement in the several weeks here of October that we've seen so far. So yeah, the trends continue to be positive. The financial kind of how we've described them. And obviously the results flow-through from those relative to the financial performance for the quarter. Cameron, do you want to add to that?
Cameron Bready: Yeah. I would just add a couple of things. I think if you look at Q3 results, obviously continued improvements throughout the quarter. I think the pace of recovery, as we've seen over the last couple of months has begun to slow. And I think that's pretty consistent with the industry data that has been published as well. We see October trending a little bit better than September. But as it relates to the exit rate for September, I think it's important to look at the merchant business in a couple of ways. One is, if you exclude our vertical market businesses that have been most heavily impacted during the pandemic, lower indication where schools are largely closed, our active business where obviously insurance and sporting events have been largely shut down and gaming where obviously our casino business has been heavily impacted, by the pandemic. If you exclude those, our merchant business for the quarter in the U.S. was roughly flat, down a point or so. So I call that roughly flat, for the quarter. And Asia is -- September essentially flat. So I think we have good momentum, heading into October in that business. And obviously that's a strong sequential improvement, over where we were in the second quarter. So, certainly as it relates to North America again, which is 80% of the merchant business, the trends we've seen are positive. October is a slight improvement over September. We're obviously monitoring that closely as I think the entire world continues to struggle with the pandemic. But the trends we've seen thus far are encouraging, as we continue to grind higher as a recovery matter heading into 2021.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks and just a quick follow-up. Normally in Q4 merchants, the seasonality of merchant is for revenues to come in a little bit sequentially and margins to be down a bit. But given kind of the recovery that's playing out and all the synergies, could we decouple kind of from that normal seasonality, or should we still have a little bit of it?
Paul Todd: Yeah. No. I think in the environment we're in, we would see some of the decoupling from that normalcy. And actually sequential quarter improvement, both from a revenue standpoint and a margin standpoint, particularly on the margin side given the cost actions that we're taking. So, that kind of normal kind of seasonality doesn't necessarily hold this year, given the pandemic.
Dave Koning: Sounds great. Hey thanks guys.
Paul Todd: Thanks, Dave.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Ramsey, your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: [Technical Difficulty] merger revenue synergies realization and kind of your thoughts on any challenges or opportunities coming from the impact of the pending, sort of what are your latest thoughts on prioritization and timing of the revenue synergies realization coming out of the merger?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah Ramsey, we missed the first part of your question. But I think it relates to what we're seeing from a merger synergy standpoint on the revenue side. How that's pacing? And what our expectations are, as we continue to push forward. So I would say we're very pleased with the early progress we've seen, from a revenue synergy standpoint, as evidenced at least partly today by our re-iterance of our expectation of $125 million of annual run rate synergies by the time we get to three years out from the closing of the merger. We've launched a number of initiatives in our merchant business, to realize those synergies today. Tactically we are cross-selling our analytics and customer engagement platform now across the TSYS base of business. We've introduced vital plus, into the Heartland channel. We've also brought that solution to Canada as well. We're leveraging the capabilities of ProPay now in the Heartland business. We're also bringing that to Canada. Those revenue synergies are well on track and pacing relatively consistent with our original expectations for them, notwithstanding obviously the impacts of the pandemic. There's longer tail revenue synergies, obviously that continue to progress as well. A number of those are really focused on our ability to cross-sell, our issuing solutions into our base of existing merchant-FI relationships outside of the U.S. I would say those discussions continue to be very fruitful and are progressing. Obviously the pandemic has had some impact on the pace of those conversations. But we remain very optimistic and bullish, as it relates to our ability to be successful in cross-selling issuer into those relationships. And vice versa, we're having a number of conversations today about new merchant relationships that could come from existing TSYS issuing FI partnerships outside of the U.S. as well. And then lastly, we're making great headway on what we would characterize as our transaction optimization opportunities, where we can better blend the capabilities of our issuing and acquiring business to deliver unique distinctive solutions to the marketplace. A lot of that focus continues to be on Europe, in markets outside of the U.S. And I think we're reasonably optimistic that we'll have some positive news to announce on that in the coming months. So I would say, all in all, we're delighted with the progress we're making. We continue to track well against those synergy targets. I'm more optimistic today than I was at the beginning of the merger as it relates to our ability to drive revenue synergies from the combination. And I would say, the early success we're seeing is very positive.
Ramsey El-Assal: That's great. That's terrific. One follow-up from me. I just wanted to ask about margins. The outperformance in the quarter was obviously great to see. Can you talk to us about the drivers of the beat this quarter and how they'll compare to what we're going to see next quarter? You mentioned a potential incremental margin expansion next quarter. Is this more from synergies realization? Is it just operating leverage as the business comes back online? Just any commentary on the color  on the drivers of the beat this quarter and what might be flowing in the next quarter will be helpful?
Paul Todd: Yeah. Sure. Ramsey, it's Paul. I would characterize it as both better kind of optimization from the synergies. As we talked about, we raised our synergy target to $375 million. So we are seeing kind of better realization on the synergies front. We clearly achieved the $100 million of run rate cost takeouts relative to the pandemic, and so we're seeing that benefit come through. And just in general, as we're getting incremental revenue, the incremental margins of that revenue is coming in at a higher incremental rate than we had originally planned, because we kind of locked down the expense base. So it's really those three drivers. I would say, as it relates to fourth quarter and the margin expansion there specifically talking about the merchant segment, when I referenced kind of the expansion there I would also say, and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, the margin expansion we would have had this quarter would would've been higher had we not used some of the excess incremental revenue at the incremental margin to set aside for accrual non-executive bonuses. So, actually on a core fundamental basis margin performance was actually even better than the 250 basis points that we realized.
Ramsey El-Assal: Perfect. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Paul Todd: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Bryan, your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Thanks. I just wanted to follow-up Jeff and asked about the M&A pipeline. There's a lot of people trying to speculate on what deals you guys would look at. In particular, I guess I'm trying to understand your preference between a scale kind of a cost synergy versus looking at a growth asset that would supplement your growth rate or even take it higher. Just any thoughts on a preference between those two types of assets?
Jeff Sloan: Hey, Bryan thanks for your question. It's Jeff. So let me just start with the criteria that, we always apply to kind of every deal, and then I'll work backwards to kind of address your question more directly. So, as you said for some time, we look at strategic fit, cultural fit and financial returns, when we look at new mergers and acquisitions very few things that we look at actually meet all three of those hurdles. And I would tell you that, we vary the financial return hurdle based on risk not surprisingly which includes geographic and country risk, and also will reflect the volatility that we see in the capital markets currently and that may or may not persist time will tell. As I said a minute ago, given what I just said at current price levels, we believe buy back our stock is really a compelling opportunity. Hence, the announcement today of the share repurchase, increment authorization and a return on capital allocation which we put on hold in March when COVID initially started. I'd also say another corollary coming out of what I just said is, most of our focus now in our pipeline as Paul said most of our focus now is on deals in the United States. So if you look at the criteria listed and you think about macroeconomic risk, country risk, regional risk and everything else, it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that unless pricing environments drop our focus is largely within the United States market, which is about 70% of the company. So that probably shouldn't surprise anybody. As it relates to scale versus growth assets, look our pipeline is still with both of them. What I would tell you at the end of the day though is I think it's unlikely in the immediate term that we do something outside the United States. Within the United States, we're looking at both software assets as well as traditional processing assets. But if nothing changes from here, I would expect us to do more repurchase. You should be candid at these prices, and less inorganic investment. But obviously that's subject to the facts. And as the facts change our opinions will change. The other thing, I want to mention in response to your question as Paul said is, at 2.5 times net leverage and $3 billion of liquidity we got plenty of financial firepower to do what we need to do on our own. Should we need access to additional capital, and we have a use of proceeds for it, then obviously we'll revisit the composition of our businesses. But I would say sitting here today, we think we're particularly well capitalized to execute on our strategies. I don't see us shedding in the assets to do that absent the distinct use of proceeds, which we don't have today.
Bryan Keane: Well, that's super helpful. Thanks for that color. And just as a quick follow-up. On the Issuer Solutions business, it seems like it's trending well and came in kind of a little bit ahead of where we were looking for, just thinking about the outlook there and the pipeline and issuer, if you could make some comments there? Thanks so much.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Bryan, I'll start. I'm sure Paul can contribute also, but let me just start. So I would say, it's a real bright spot as you said sequentially pretty significant improvement, return to better growth in the third quarter ex the commercial card, which is largely corporate travel related as Paul described in his prepared remarks. Look, our pipeline is full. I think we've said in our prepared remarks, 11 deals in our pipeline. Seven of which are competitive takeaways, in the last 18 months 33 competitive wins. So, it's hard not to look at that and be really pleased with how we're executing. And some of these we mentioned initially, our AWS collaboration, which is unique to us, really starting to bear fruit. We've had our first joint win in Asia, and that's someone going competitive takeaway from someone else from a legacy provider into a cloud-based environment coming in 2021. So, now we have market validation from a customer base as to how we're doing. And our strategy there is a little bit different than everybody else is. So if you look at our strategy in Issuer, which is bearing fruit, it's to marry great technology with folks like AWS, to marry that with servicing the largest and most complex financial institutions globally. And the reason we go after that market base, and it's not to the exclusion of everything else, but the reason we go after that market -- that place in the market is that, those are the folks who are gaining share in their own right. So as they gain share we gain share with them. And I don't think you have to look further than announcements, for example, that Cap1 has made, and other folks over time about picking up additional portfolios, to see that we're successful when our partners are successful. So that's why our focus is where it is. So, we're pretty optimistic in that business. Obviously some of that depends on the macro. As I think Paul pointed out in his commentary, and you look at the Visa and Mastercard numbers last night, our business was -- I mean someone can do the math, but it's six times better than the market rates to growth or whatever the math was embedded in the Visa, Mastercard commentary last night. So ex T&E low-single-digit growth, with T&E in there and commercial card minus two whatever it was. But that compares to whatever they've done last time minus 7% and minus 12% or wherever the revenue was minus 14% and minus 17%. So, clearly, I think we represent the market on issuing. And I think it goes to show the length of differentiation, the unique value play that we have the value-added services like fraud analytics and loyalty in our businesses and that stuff obviously is winning. Paul, do you want to comment on that?
Paul Todd: Yeah. Yeah, I would just say this that, we are going to see continued growth there and the recovery with that is happening in that business is very good from a top line standpoint. I would say the other thing is the efficiencies, we're getting that business to get 500 basis points of margin expansion this quarter just speaks volumes to how we're managing the cost base in the environment we're in. And then finally, we're doing all that in an environment where we're investing in modernization as Jeff just talked about. So, really kind of hitting all three levers of the business of the growth side from the top line, the new wins, the pipeline, the cost base efficiency, and then investing to position the business for the future.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thanks so much and congrats on the progress.
Paul Todd: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. David, your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Good to see the major initiatives in Europe, particularly the reestablishment of the HSBC JV and going up to 80% on la Caixa. I'm curious, why move forward on both of these initiatives now. And does control of the la Caixa JV allow you to do things that you couldn't do previously?
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Dave, it's Jeff. I'll start and I'm sure Cameron will comment as well. So listen, those businesses are both performing really well in the current environment. I think you have to parse out the nature of our business in Europe relative to the nature of the markets themselves or in particular Visa and Mastercard's proxies for the market. So, our business is in those markets, which is to say, Western Europe or the U.K. and Spain and Portugal, have a very heavy domestic component in those markets. And our businesses are growing there absolutely on a domestic basis year-over-year, and I'm thinking about Caixa particularly and cross border while a piece of our business is a relatively small piece of our business and is nowhere near the driver of revenue growth that you have in Visa and Mastercard. So, to answer your question from my point of view, we have fantastic partners in HSBC and Caixa. Using the networks as a proxy, we're growing leaps and bounds, ahead of where they're growing in those markets our ability to invest, and capture more share in those businesses. Cameron talked about the bookings totals in some of our markets. We've had really good results in terms of new sales in those business. Businesses well in Spain, for example, we're growing absolutely year-over-year into October on a domestic basis. So, I actually think it's a fantastic time for us to continue to invest in those businesses and support our partners.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. I agree with that Dave. I don't have a ton to add. I would say I don't think there's ever a bad time to extend a relationship with a partner like HSBC, someone that we've worked with over 50 years in our business in some form or fashion. And certainly for the entirety of our existence in the U.K. market, they're a fantastic partner. We have a number of initiatives from a digital engagement standpoint that align very well with what our strategy is in that market. And we've worked together extensively for years, and are delighted to have the opportunity to extend our existing relationship, and even broaden it into new avenues as we move forward in time. So, we're -- we could not be more pleased to have executed that with them. As it relates to Spain, I completely agree with Jeff's comments. Spain and Portugal are two of the most attractive domestic markets in Spain -- or excuse me, in Europe. As I mentioned previously, Spain returned to volume growth domestically in the quarter and that has continued in October even with some reintroduction of restrictions to impact or to combat the coronavirus spread. So we're delighted with the overall performance of that business. And certainly, as Caixa continues to look to expand in Spain as well through its merger with Bankia, we think there'll be incremental opportunities for us and obviously owning more of the joint venture, I think will yield better returns longer term as we think about that investment. So clearly the valuation that underpinned and the forecast has underpinned the valuation for that business reflects the environment that we're in today. We're outperforming that valuation in that forecast as we sit here today. And again any time you have an opportunity to invest further in a joint venture that's been as successful as ours has been with Caixa in Spain certainly we jumped at the opportunity to do it.
David Togut: Understood. Just as a quick follow-up, if I could. You made a number of important announcements both in the current quarter and previously the 11 LOIs with the financial institutions globally. You've got the AWS partnership, the Truist win which you announced earlier this year. Can you help us dimension what this might mean for 2021 or 2022 revenue or earnings growth recognizing companies aren't giving guidance in this environment, but maybe give us some framework with which to think about it?
Paul Todd: Yes. So David, this is Paul. I think we gave you a little bit of a framework to think about our thinking as it relates to 2021 with the adjusted earnings per share target that we have right now on our budgeting process of roughly $8. And so that's how we're currently thinking about next year. All of those things you just mentioned are obviously dynamics in that overall planning kind of cycle that we're in right now. But as it relates to the next year that's kind of the best indicator we can give you as to our thinking of what next year might look like assuming a much more normalized and kind of more normal operating environment.
Jeff Sloan: Dave, the only thing I would add to that is just I think it gives us a lot of confidence around the momentum we have in the underlying business. The macro is the macro and the impact of the virus is what it is. And obviously that will eventually play out. But as it relates to how we're executing in the business the underlying momentum we have from a new sales product and servicing standpoint, I think it just gives us a tremendous amount of confidence as to directionally where the business is heading over time. And as the macro continues the recovery obviously that will bear out in the financial results that we produce.
David Togut: Understood. Thanks very much. 
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Ashwin, your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hey Jeff, Cameron. Hi, Paul. Congratulations on the quarter. Good comments here. I want to actually start with something that you guys didn't quite dwell on your adjusted free cash flow almost $0.5 billion quite impressive -- are there one timers in there that help? What should we look for in the full year? And any comments on this net income to free cash flow conversion going forward?
Paul Todd: Yes. So Ashwin -- yes this is Paul. As it relates to -- we've always had as our goal to kind of convert roughly 100% of adjusted earnings into free cash flow and we were right at that goal for the third quarter. As it relates to timing there's been any really unique timing items in the quarter that I point to. We always have timing things that kind of flow in and out of a quarter, but nothing that I would specifically call out. And yes as it relates to kind of the forward look we've said that kind of $1.6 billion to $2 billion run rate on a full year basis is kind of the job that we're producing against from a free cash flow standpoint. And if you look over kind of the last three quarters we're playing right in that zone. And so, it wouldn't mean anything else there. We continue to obviously manage our capital expenditures in a very efficient sort of way while still investing for growth of basic -- the initiatives that we've talked about. But there isn't anything from a unique kind of onetime standpoint than I would point to in the quarter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Got it. So it's very good to hear the competitive wins continue. Any commentary on the pace of converting these wins to revenues? Are financial institutions merchants committed to promise time lines? Are they being pushed out maybe even pull forward given sort of strategic urgency? Any commentary on that that can have implications for the future?
Paul Todd: Yes Ashwin there isn't anything really from an overall standpoint that I would say is changing the pace of patent realization of those opportunities. Obviously each client might have a different dynamic just always -- that always happens when you're dealing with clients. But there is one theme or any kind of a particular dynamic at play of either speeding up or slowing down kind of the normalized kind of realization of being able to get those opportunities converted into revenue. I would say from a conversion standpoint particularly on the issuing side which has the longest kind of cycle to bring those our conversion pipeline is relatively full. And so new opportunities are kind of being paced into that pipeline with that full nature. But there isn't any unique dynamic at play around acceleration or delaying of those opportunities.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: And that would translate to good visibility I would imagine.
Paul Todd: Yes.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got you. Thank you.
Paul Todd: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Jason, your line is open. 
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, good morning guys. I thought I'd just follow-up on the comment around the targeting $8 of EPS for next year. I know, you said that assumes a more normalized macro environment, but I was hoping maybe you could outline just a little bit more about some of the expectations that are embedded behind that target. For example, would you have the flexibility to drive even more cost takeout if necessary to get there? Does it also assume some meaningful amount of capital deployment?
Paul Todd: Yes. So Jason, obviously, we're in this budget process right now, and we obviously have always got a lot of dynamics at play, when we're in a budgeting process that kind of plays through various scenarios of what the revenue picture looks like and then, what the cost side looks like. And yes, we have obviously one set of plans as it relates to our cost initiatives. And then, under a different set of revenue assumptions, we would have a different set of plans. Do we have additional cost opportunities? The answer to that is, yes. There's always this balancing of the realization of cost opportunities with what that does on the revenue side. And all of this is kind of wrapped in the overall environment that we're operating in. And we're going to need the next obviously several months to kind of play itself out relative to the overall operating environment and we'll seek the cost base relative to that operating environment. But yes, I mean, I wouldn't give you any more color really than that other than the state that we are in our budgeting cycle and we play through all those dynamics in every year. This is a more unique year obviously, given the pandemic and the dynamics that play with the pandemic.
Cameron Bready: Jason, this is Cameron. The only thing I would add to that is it obviously assumes that the path run as it relates to recovery continues. And certainly, it doesn't anticipate a meaningful retrenchment, particularly as it relates to shutdowns or significant restrictions around commerce that we saw obviously earlier this year. So, it's not assuming heroic pace of recovery. It sort of assumes, we're continuing on the pace we're on today.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Okay. And just a follow-up on M&A, I mean I think historically, you guys have been pretty clear that, acquisitions need to be at least breakeven, but more likely accretive to year one adjusted EPS. So, is that still the case? And would you do a deal that actually dilutes your organic revenue growth, even if it gives you a lot of year one EPS accretion?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. It's Jeff. Jason, the answer is no, we will not do that. So, we're very focused on our long-term model that we rearticulated and reaffirmed at the time of our partnership with TSYS about 1.5 years ago now. So, no, I don't see us doing deals that are dilutive to the rate of organic revenue growth. It doesn't make any sense to push a boulder up a further hill. I think, we've invested very substantially to get our business to be 60% technology-enabled. We're very pleased with the success of that strategy. You see in there differentiated results, which are multiples better than networks last night. I don't see us going backwards on that.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities. Andrew, your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you. Good morning. Appreciate you -- excuse me at the end here. Jeff, you've spent a lot of time talking about your software technology-enabled businesses, which I think is a key differentiator. I wonder, if you could drill down a little bit in the hospitality where it seems like there's a tremendous amount of tech change, whether it's delivery order ahead with the QR code. You made a couple of comments about Xenial including the integration of Genius. I just wonder, if you could maybe flesh out a little bit volume growth in that vertical share gains, from whom you're taking share, where you think your competitive advantage is et cetera?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I'll start Andrew and I'm sure Cameron will comment as well. So listen, we're very pleased with our Xenial business. As you referenced, we gave additional disclosure today about how that business is performing. We did $62 million I think online orders as well as $1 billion of volume coming out of that business in the most recent period. I think Cameron commented on 30% increase in SaaS sales in that business in the most recent quarter. So, he can give you more detail, but we're very pleased about where that business is. But if you step back for a second, you tie us back the overall competitive landscape. I don't think there's anybody who's got the full stack of vertical capabilities that we do in that business. Our pipeline today, Andrew is filled with cross-sells in that business. So, we mentioned Dutch Bros, we mentioned Long John Silver's today in previous calls. We've mentioned RBI with Burger King, Popeyes et cetera. We've mentioned NENs and the folks that inspire our focused brands. So, we've got enormous pipeline in that business. I would say, it has changed a little bit and this is very good news for us and valuation of our strategy is that, in the last six months or so, we've been getting a lot of RFPs from either folks who are never customers of ours or exchange in that pipeline. And I think that's because they see what we're seeing, which is we call it the restaurant of the future, the QSR of the future, which obviously now includes safer commerce. But looking to RFP their payments business and these are businesses that are not with us today with competitors, who are primarily rightful shop payments companies. They look at RFP, their payments businesses and they're coming to us and I'm sure others and saying, can you do that while you're doing everything else that we need the QSR level including safer commerce. And I think that go-to-market with us Andrew is distinctive and unique to us. And that includes both competitive takeaways, being brand-new brands and we have 26 of the top 50 a day, but we don't have all of them. So, it includes brand-new brands, but also includes guys who are customers of us just for a portion of their business. So I think that cross-sell strategy is really working and we're very fortunate to be in that position we're in. Cameron, do you want to talk a little bit about some of the sub detail?
Cameron Bready: Sure. And I'll be happy to. I think Bryan [ph], it's important to segment the market as we always do here particularly in restaurant maybe more than other vertical markets. So, at the enterprise end, Jeff I think described well how we're positioned with Xenial and the success we're seeing with Xenial. I will comment obviously that the integration with Cayan really opens up the avenue for cross-selling payments into that channel. I think as you know SICOM the legacy business we acquired a couple of years ago had no real payment volume in that business. And by integrating Cayan in we're opening up a significant new avenue for payment cross-sell which is obviously consistent with our overarching strategy. As we move down market into the mid-market channel which we really attack through the Heartland business, we're delighted with the success we're seeing with our Heartland restaurant solution. That is geared towards what I would characterize as the restaurant mid-market channel. Sales of that were up 26% sequentially from Q2 20% year-over-year. We're continuing to see significant uptake of our software as a solution -- software as a service solutions through the point-of-sale system in that channel and could not be more pleased with the progress in the mid-market. And then lastly in the small end of the market, we introduced our omnichannel version of our registered product in this quarter which we sell into the small end of the restaurant as well as small end at just the merchant base more broadly. We're seeing uptake of that being particularly good as we integrate our online ordering capabilities into our traditional point-of-sale software solution for the small end of the market. So I think we have better product, better capability, better solutions across the spectrum of the restaurant vertical across all segments of that market, and I think as a result of that, we continue to win and we continue to take share in that channel.
Andrew Jeffrey: All right. That's helpful color. And then one quick follow-up on the Issuer business. You mentioned a number of competitive wins. Could you just discuss -- are those takeaways from existing vendors or internal flips?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, they're largely the former Andrew. We said that they will be we announced with our script this morning. So, Scotiabank in Canada was an in-sourcing model. So that actually is conversion in-sourcing and outsourcing. So, that's a flip from in and out. But other than that as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, seven of the 11 are competitive takeaways from existing providers. And the new one with AWS in Asia is also a takeaway from a legacy incumbent. So, the vast majority are takeaways, but Scotiabank will be the exception.
Andrew Jeffrey: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks very much. On behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the EVO Payments Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Ed O'Hare. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Ed O'Hare: Good morning, and welcome to EVO Payments second quarter earnings conference call. This call is being webcast today, and a replay will be available through the Investor Relations section of EVO's website shortly after the completion of this call. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information, and actual results may differ materially from the views expressed in these statements, particularly due to the impact of COVID-19 on our business. For additional information on factors that may cause our actual results to differ from the views expressed in any forward-looking statements made today, please refer to today's press release and the risk factors discussed in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K available on our website. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, today's discussion also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. An explanation and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest GAAP financial measures for the second quarter can be found in our earnings release available on our Investor Relations website. We have also posted slides on our website detailing recent volume trends for the company to further assist with today's discussion. Today, we will discuss our second quarter performance and provide an update on the impact COVID-19 is having on our business. Joining me on the call today is Jim Kelly, Chief Executive Officer; Tom Panther, Chief Financial Officer; Darren Wilson, President of the International segment; and Brendan Tansill, President of the Americas segment. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. As we discussed in May, our second quarter results were adversely impacted by COVID-19 when a significant number of European and North American merchants were forced to shut down due to widespread government restrictions on movement and commerce. Despite these challenges, we were able to generate $30 million in adjusted EBITDA, which is down only slightly compared to the first quarter. Compared to the second quarter of last year, constant-currency revenue declined 19%, driven by a 21% volume decline. Constant-currency adjusted EBITDA declined 17% in the quarter as we implemented the expense reductions announced in March. These actions enabled us to expand our margins by 82 basis points to 32%. In addition, our focused cash management strategy allowed us to end the quarter with a leverage ratio of 3.1x, unchanged since our last call. Our ability to withstand the severe impact of COVID in the second quarter would not have been possible without the hard work and contributions of our employees. They have all sacrificed by adapting to working from home and reallocating workloads while also focusing on their health and families. I'm extremely proud of our employees for their continued dedication to the company, our customers and our shareholders as we continue to navigate this pandemic. Now I would like to provide a brief overview of the volume trends we are currently experiencing across the company. As we mentioned on our last call, the overall company volume decline peaked in April and began improving in May, a trend which continued through the quarter. In July, overall volume was slightly above 2019, which reflects the benefit of the accelerated cash-to-card shift we are seeing in all our markets as consumers and merchants pursue digital payment solutions. I'm pleased to see our volumes returning to 2019 levels despite the continued decline in global economic activity, which is reflected in certain of our markets and industry verticals. However, the pent-up demand in these areas of our business should provide additional growth opportunity as business activity returns. While we are encouraged by the recent trends, there remains significant uncertainty regarding evolving government restrictions, the extent to which stimulus is impacting customer spending and a potential second wave of the pandemic. We are actively managing the performance of our business by regularly monitoring our volumes, expenses and cash flows, which enables us to respond to this unpredictable environment. On a positive note, it appears that the pandemic is serving as a long-term catalyst for greater utilization of digital payments across both Europe and the Americas. For example, across all our markets, we saw contactless transactions increase significantly and continue to sign new merchants, many of which did not accept cards previously. Together, these trends demonstrate an accelerated adoption of digital payments that could provide a lasting benefit to our business even after we emerge from this environment. While we took decisive measures to prudently reduce expenses during the quarter, we have continued to invest in our business through new product development and the expansion of our partner relationships to benefit from the accelerating payment-adoption trends we are seeing. We're well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities through our existing sales channel and potential acquisitions as business activity resumes and our financial performance continues to improve. I will now turn the call over to Darren to discuss our European business. Darren?
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim. For the quarter, our European segment recognized a 25% decline in revenue on a currency-neutral basis, which reflects the significant impact of the pandemic and related government actions, including widespread lockdowns across all of our markets. However, as you can see from the volume slide, our European payment volume steadily improved in May and June and are now up approximately 9% compared to 2019. This improvement was initially driven by strong results in our Polish, German and Czech markets, which were some of the earliest markets to reopen. Despite some ongoing restrictions, Ireland and the U.K. showed strong growth in the latter portion of the quarter. While volumes in Spain remain down 40% compared to last year, given the limited travel taking place in Europe, we have seen a marked improvement from the trough of over 70% since the country began to reopen. Excluding Spain, European volumes are up 21% year-over-year. Volumes are above the prior year for nearly all of our industry verticals, except travel, lodging and restaurants, which represented approximately 17% of our pre-COVID segment volume. However, these industries will provide additional growth opportunities as business activity continues to resume. Our European business' ability to withstand the impact of COVID was helped by both the accelerated cash-to-card shift as well as our diversified merchant portfolio, which spans a wide variety of verticals and includes many large and multinational customers. Providing further indication of the health of our business, our merchant activation rates are now flat compared to pre-COVID levels, inclusive of new merchant adds during this period. However, it is important to note that not all of our active merchants have returned to their pre-COVID processing levels. Despite the adverse impact of COVID on our volumes in the second quarter, we are seeing positive consumer trends across our European business, including an increase in contactless transactions and the adoption of virtual terminals, driven by the continued cash-to-card acceleration. We've also seen strong e-commerce product sales and growing referral activity since the pandemic first hit our markets in March as our sales teams have quickly adapted to meet the changing needs of merchants during this time. As Jim previously mentioned, our strategic initiatives and sales team's efforts enabled us to deliver these results and also expand our product offering, maintain strong customer service and deliver surprisingly robust sales activity throughout the quarter. Turning to M&A. We remain active on the M&A front as we look to expand our distribution and capabilities. Regarding our entry into Portugal, conversations with EuroBic have restarted as their proposed merger with Abanca has ended. The timing of finalizing a transaction is dependent on a number of factors, but we remain focused on expanding our presence in this market with a bank partner. Lastly, EVO was recently recognized for its outstanding 2019 customer service. There are a number of awards across Europe, including the achievement in customer excellence in Ireland and the quality international award in Poland. I am very proud of these teams as well as our other European employees for not only these awards but for their continued hard work and dedication during this challenging time. I will now turn the call over to Brendan who will provide updates on our Americas segment. Brendan?
Brendan Tansill: Thanks, Darren. For the quarter, the Americas segment revenue declined 15% on a currency-neutral basis, which reflects the decrease in processing volume this quarter. However, our volume was somewhat offset by the performance of our B2B and e-commerce businesses, which have withstood the recent crisis relatively well compared to our other business channels. Our payments volumes in the Americas have continued to improve since May and are now down approximately 8% from last year. However, in recent weeks, we have seen some de-acceleration as the recent surge in COVID cases has caused both the U.S. and Mexico governments to reimpose certain restrictions. Similar to our European business, our year-over-year decline in volume has been primarily driven by the travel, lodging and restaurant industries, which represents 16% of our pre-COVID volume in the Americas. Although lagging our European segment due to the timing of COVID, I am also encouraged by the steady improvement in our active merchant count, which continues to approach pre-COVID levels as well as the accelerated demand for digital payments. In the U.S., we are seeing positive customer sales trends within both our direct and tech-enabled divisions. In our direct and ISV divisions, our business leaders have been working with our partners to quickly enable our merchants to accept card-not-present transactions, which include payments over the phone and online via our virtual terminal. Additionally, as a result of our coordinated efforts across both our sales channels and through our relationships with third parties, we signed a large e-commerce referral partner in June, which will benefit our business going forward as we return to a normalized environment. Our B2B business continues to withstand the pressures of the current environment relatively well with second quarter volume down 8% compared to 2019. Although the decline was expected, we experienced an increase in B2B product sales among new and existing customers as many businesses transitioned to working from home, which required additional capabilities to enable more integrated and automated workflows. Further, the addition of several new software referral partners and ERP resellers to our platform expands our distribution and enables us to capitalize on this emerging business opportunity. We expect our B2B business growth to continue as small and large businesses deploy our dedicated B2B gateway, PayFabric, for accounts receivables and move away from paper-based transactions. Turning to Mexico. As you may recall, this was the last of our markets to feel the effects of COVID and the corresponding government restrictions. While volumes in this market are currently down approximately 13%, we have a diverse merchant portfolio that includes many large merchants that are helping to stabilize the decline. Related to our JV in Chile, we have completed the system requirements to process transactions in the market. We are working through the regulatory compliance phase of this deal and expect to receive approval to begin operations and process transactions by the fourth quarter. Finally, I am also proud of the work efforts of our employees at this time, which has enabled us to continue to navigate this unprecedented environment. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom who will now cover the financials in more detail. Tom?
Tom Panther: Thank you, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. For the quarter, EVO's constant-currency revenue declined 19% compared to the prior year. FX negatively impacted revenue by 420 basis points as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the peso, euro and Polish zloty compared to the prior year. On a currency-neutral basis, adjusted EBITDA declined 17% while margin expanded 82 basis points. Compared to the first quarter, EBITDA declined slightly and margin expanded 360 basis points as we actively managed our business through the crisis. Our adjusted EBITDA reflects the negative impact of the widespread government lockdowns, offset by the positive effect of our expense reductions. As we stated on our last call, these expense reductions were driven by a combination of staff and non-staff-related costs. After normalizing for certain nonrecurring expenses, total SG&A declined approximately 25% compared to both the prior quarter and the second quarter of 2019, delivering on our commitment to align our expenses with the anticipated decline in revenue. With respect to our segment performance, in Europe, constant-currency revenue declined 25% and adjusted segment profit declined 42%. European adjusted EBITDA reflects the timing of the government-imposed lockdowns, a delay in implementing certain personnel actions due to government regulations and a sharp decline in cross-border activity. In addition, the SG&A cuts were partially neutralized by our continued investment in our high-growth European business leading up to the pandemic. Of note, in June, year-over-year EBITDA grew as consumer spending and cross-border activity began rebounding and our cost initiatives were fully in place. Turning to the Americas. Constant-currency revenue declined 15%, and adjusted segment profit increased 1%. Our adjusted EBITDA remained stable as we were able to implement our expense initiatives at the beginning of the quarter and had a greater opportunity to reduce payroll and non-staff expenses in the U.S. In addition, as Brendan mentioned, our tech-enabled division performed relatively well during the quarter. Across both of our segments, our performance reflects the active management of our business as well as the accelerated adoption of digital payments. I'm encouraged that we are seeing continued momentum in our financial performance as we enter the second half of the year. Adjusted corporate expenses for the quarter were $6 million, which declined approximately $1 million, excluding certain loss contingency reserves recognized during the quarter. Adjusted net income was $10 million and adjusted net income per share was $0.11, which declined 28% and 31%, respectively, compared to last year. But more importantly, adjusted net income increased 12% compared to the first quarter, and net income per share was stable despite the increase in diluted shares. At the end of the quarter, diluted shares totaled 90.3 million, an increase of 7.5 million weighted average shares compared to a year ago due to the convertible preferred stock that we issued in April. During the second quarter, we actively managed our cash flows by limiting our CapEx spend to $3.5 million, a decrease of approximately 50% versus the prior year. Half of our CapEx spend was related to point-of-sale terminals in our international markets to meet the surprisingly strong merchant demand, a trend we now expect to continue into the second half of the year due to the accelerated card usage at the point of sale. We also generated $20 million in free cash flow this quarter, including a $4 million decline in interest expense. Further, our free cash flow conversion rate was 65%, an improvement of 16% from the prior year. The combination of these efforts enabled us to end the quarter with a leverage ratio of 3.1x, demonstrating our strong liquidity, active cash management and financial discipline throughout this crisis. Lastly, I would like to provide an update on our outlook. Given the ongoing global economic uncertainty, we will not be providing revenue or EBITDA forecast for Q3 or full year 2020 at this time. However, we have provided recent volume trends to help you model revenue. With respect to expenses, to date, on an annualized basis, approximately $15 million of the expenses that we removed from the business in the second quarter will be permanent, and we are confident that a portion of the remaining cost saves will remain in place. We continue to actively manage our expenses and cash flows. As business activity continues to resume, we will prudently evaluate our cost base and selectively restore expenses in order to meet business demand while gradually expanding current margins. Until we are confident that the economic activity in our markets has stabilized, we will continue to provide quarterly updates of specific operating metrics to help you understand the trends we are seeing in our business. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
Jim Kelly: Thanks, Tom. To summarize, I'm very pleased with our financial performance this quarter given the recent operating environment, and I remain encouraged by our volumes and active merchant counts across our markets. We are now entering the second half of the year with strong momentum and on a solid financial footing. While there remains uncertainty surrounding the duration and ultimate economic impact of the pandemic, we are well positioned to return to growth, and we'll look forward to opportunities to expand our distribution. I will now turn the call over to the operator to begin the question-and-answer session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair. Your line is open.
Bob Napoli: Thank you and good morning.
Jim Kelly: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Napoli: Interesting times we live in. Lots going on here. Thank you for the volume trends. The volume trends, would they correlate  I mean these are FX-neutral volume trends  I mean I know the dollar has weakened a lot in July, so are they FX-neutral?
Jim Kelly: Yes, they are, Bob.
Bob Napoli: And then, typically, I guess, the sectors that have held up more might have lower take rates. Should we think that the revenue is directly in line with those volumes? Or we should  how much of a haircut would we give to revenue relative to the volumes?
Jim Kelly: I think for now, we're using it as the best proxy that we can communicate publicly. Obviously, mix comes into play as well as what countries we're dealing with. So like in Mexico, where they're still well into the crisis themselves, their volumes have held up relatively well because they have a lot of large big-box type of merchants relative to, say, our base in the United States. The same for Europe. Poland would also have large merchants. So those are going to be lower margin just because they're bigger-volume merchants. So as we said when we first put out the volume trends, they're the best proxy that we can give. But I think for now, that's as good as we can show you.
Tom Panther: Yes. Bob, it's Tom. I think you may have missed on some of the comments, but volumes for the quarter were down 21% while revenue was down 19%. So it's a pretty good corollary. How that holds going forward based on how merchants come back online and what their processing looks like, I think, is something that we'll just have to be mindful of. But at least for now, it's been a pretty proxy for revenue.
Jim Kelly: The other part I'd mention, Bob, is while it  while we're not heavily exposed to travel, Spain is large in hospitality, the summer season in particular. We see a lot of  would have historically seen a lot of travel into the market. DCC, DCC is a profitable component of our business. Same for Poland. While Poland's DCC has held up and their international has held up fairly well as well, all things considered, in the later months, so call it more June, in the other European markets, cross-border is still quite low.
Bob Napoli: Okay. And then just I guess  I mean you guys  you're in markets that have a lot of cash. So Mexico, obviously struggling with the pandemic with very heavy cash; Poland, heavy cash. So I guess that strategy could be paying off here with, I mean, obviously, the shift to digital accelerating. So how do you think about the potential growth rate accelerating for the business coming out of the pandemic? Certainly, it seems like a lot of opportunities you're uniquely positioned for.
Jim Kelly: Well, we are cautiously optimistic, I would say. Right now, I think there's still not enough data to draw a final conclusion, but clearly, there is a trend away and we can see it in the data. Europe in particular, which is essentially all contactless, unlike the U.S. where we still have a mix here, that  the usage of contactless is up well over 20%, I think was the stat that I heard from Tom earlier. So we would expect that that's going to continue, that cash is going to be the loser here. And to the extent that that's the case, then I think we will be very well positioned internationally where we have lower card penetration.
Bob Napoli: Just last question on the B2B business. You talked about additional integrations and ERP additions. Any comment  what exactly is going on there? And what is the outlook for that business?
Brendan Tansill: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Brendan Tansill here. So as you know, we bought the Notice business a bit over 1.5 years ago. That business focused on Microsoft. We then integrated the on-prem Oracle solution, and then subsequent to that, we recently launched a cloud-based Oracle solution. And then in September of last year, we acquired Delego, which focuses on SAP. So that would be sort of the big bellwether ERP systems that we support. But in addition to the big guys, we also have an additional bucket of mid-tier and smaller ERP solutions that we're constantly integrating to. And in fact, this past quarter, we had a couple of wins, setting up new referral relationships with resellers or VARs focused on ERP solutions. So as I've said on prior calls, the idea here is to replicate the strategy that we use in the ISV division, where we have a big business based out of Tampa that focuses on both direct ISVs that sell direct to merchants and then indirect ISVs that go to market by way of a network of resellers and dealers. We're trying to replicate that exact same distribution model in the B2B side. So the one big ERP that we are currently lacking would be NetSuite. And that's what is obviously owned by Oracle, but it's a different technology stack. But other than that, we feel like we've got a really robust technology solution here. And again, there's a lot of ERP solutions that aren't sort of the big 4 brand name solutions, and we're very focused on integrating as many of those as possible to our PayFabric gateway.
Bob Napoli: Great. Thank you, Brendan. I appreciate it. Thanks everybody.
Brendan Tansill: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Really impressed by how quickly you guys took the cost out. I heard the $15 million is permanent. And I know you're going to give us volume updates going forward, but any help here in  or any way to guide maybe what we should think about with incremental or decremental margin both in the short and the midterm? I understand as volume gets back, you're going to start to reinvest again. So any guidance around the incremental or decremental margin that we should consider?
Tom Panther: Tien-Tsin, it's Tom. So as we said, the economic outlook is too uncertain to provide any kind of firm guidance. I think we continue to actively manage the business. We're getting information literally on a weekly basis when it comes to volumes and even kind of head count movement within the organization, which is obviously our largest cost, but we're also actively managing the non-staff as well. I think there's still opportunity for some of the cost saves to remain permanent, but we're going to be very careful in terms of how we manage the business. We want to make sure that we're continuing to invest in the business for the long term. We want to take advantage of that cash-to-card conversion that we're seeing and make sure that we're appropriately investing in product as well as in customer service. With that, I think the guide that I'd give is just that we're going to continue to be mindful of our margin. You saw a nice increase in margin from Q1 to Q2, almost 400 basis points, a little bit up  almost 100 basis points up quarter-over-quarter. We're back up to kind of the level of 2019, and I think we can see some gradual margin expansion from here. But again, the wildcard is just what happens going forward with second wave, additional government restrictions. Of course, we're hoping that, that doesn't materialize. But we feel good about the momentum we have and the options in front of us that provide us a lot of flexibility to deliver on that gradual improvement that we anticipate.
Tien-Tsin Huang: All right. Terrific. No, that's useful to know. That's useful to know. And I guess it wouldn't be an earnings call, Jim, if I didn't ask you a little bit about the deal pipeline activity. There's been some activity going on around us. So just curious what you're seeing, what your appetite is. I know that, obviously, uncertainty is high, but maybe there's some opportunistic chances here in the midterm. So anything to share, either organically or inorganically?
Jim Kelly: Thanks for the question, Tien-Tsin. Yes, I would say, if you go back to when we raised the $150 million from MDP and then the first quarter earnings call, one of the objectives here was the money was to be used in a defensive way. Our expectation based on the early days, the late March, early April, it was pretty dramatic as you can still see in the charts, but it was pretty dramatic here to see how significant the drop was in volume. It was very evident because governments were closing. People were staying home or working from home. So the money was to be at defense but also hopefully, offensive. And fortunately, the declines that we had originally anticipated and sized in the organization didn't materialize. It was not nearly as bad for us or for the market more generally. And as Tom said in his comments, we came out of the quarter really where  we went into the quarter at 3.1x on a leverage basis. So the $150 million is available to us, along with additional capacity on our existing facility. So we are no less interested in expanding in the way we have historically expanded, which is new markets, forming relationship with a leading financial institution, together with technology investments like Brendan has mentioned on the B2B side, the one we made  2 we made last year in Spain or in Mexico. So you should anticipate that our interest has not waned at all. I think the challenge is, unless it was something that we are already in conversations with, it is more complicated to obviously do it today because everything is virtual. It's hard to get on a plane and fly to other markets. But we're continuing to push, and we do have deals in process. There's still always  a way to go until there are actually something that we can announce. But yes, that strategy has not changed, and we're well positioned to take advantage of them as sellers already.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay, thanks for the update.
Jim Kelly: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi, thanks. I hope you guys can hear me. Sorry, I'm kind of...
Jim Kelly: Yes. We hear you, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Thanks. I'm driving around because I don't have power, Internet. But  so volume trend increased in the U.S., I'm kind of assuming. Is that due to sort of higher degree of card not present? And then a broader question on  at least this was my perception listening to you guys, that the e-commerce trends are kind of a little bit different for you guys in Europe versus the Americas. Is that mostly a reflection of your specific client base differences? Or is there something else going on with regards to product? Hopefully, I didn't misread what happened.
Tom Panther: Ashwin, it's Tom Panther. I'll start, and then certainly, Jim and Brendan and Darren can also pick up on my points as well. First, I hope you're okay. Heck of a storm that went through there in the Northeast corridor yesterday, I'm glad you're at least able to get online. So your first question related to revenue per transaction and the performance specifically within the U.S. First, mix of business, I think you already hit on that in teeing up your question. Tech-enabled is about 40% of the U.S. business  really about 40% of the Americas business, maybe even higher of the U.S. business. And that has held up well during the downturn of the pandemic, and pricing has remained stable. And keep in mind also, in the U.S., it's generally market practice within the U.S. that certain of the fees are fixed in nature. There are certain statement fees and things like that, that just aren't impacted by volume to the same degree as in the international markets. So there  that provides a little bit of a buffer or neutralizer to the downturn in volume. I think it's those 2 reasons that I'd point to why revenue per transaction held up pretty well in the U.S. Your other question, if I heard it correctly, your words giving out a little bit, had to do with just kind of e-comm and the level of e-comm within the Americas versus within the  our international markets. And I think there, what we just continue to see is just adoption of e-comm. It was just further ahead within the U.S. But I think it is continuing, and this pandemic is going to only be an accelerant to that. It's going to continue to be something that I think our international adoption rate will only continue, and then our ability to export those capabilities into those markets, I think, will serve us well. I think we were pretty pleased that our e-comm business itself held up pretty well. We actually saw some pretty good volume and revenue numbers within that e-comm channel, one that, as we have acknowledged in the past, struggled a little bit. It was actually something that held up quite well.
Jim Kelly: So just to add to that, I would say in Europe, Ireland in particular as an example, as you couldn't dine in, there was a lot of dine-out. So a lot of what Darren saw and Brian Cleary, who runs Ireland, was sales were amazingly robust. I was quite surprised during the quarter. But most of what we were selling were virtual terminals to merchants that historically were dine-in versus dine-out. I think that will shift over time as people can start dining in. I don't think  most restaurants who aren't otherwise geared for e-commerce takeouts, their preference would be to have people come in. So some of it was just related to the pandemic. As stuff normalizes, I think we will see more of a normalization of the trend of how people conduct business. And I'll just amplify what Tom said. In the U.S., Brendan, Lauren and the team have done a very good job of repositioning our e-commerce domestically. And it was obviously aided by the fact that so many people were buying things remotely. So it had a very good quarter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And I know you're not providing outlook, which is completely understandable, but should July trends hold, how would Americas and Europe look for you? And the reason I ask is because, obviously, we don't necessarily have prior year monthly trends. You don't know what happened with, say, for example, back-to-school last year or things like that specifically for you. So any particular color you may be able to provide with regards to the quarter?
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think the trends that we're showing on the slides between the 2 segments are probably as good as we can do. I think a lot of it has to do  I mean, obviously, in the United States, we have an election coming up. So there's lots of puts and takes as to how schools will open. Are people going to come back to their offices? In a number of our offices, we're back. We're planning to open a few more within the guidelines that are set by each of the  by the local government. But what you don't see on the slide, and we actually contemplated it but it was super busy, was to show you really by vertical. So you see on the right side of the slide, we described the segments. We were going to give you more color on that. But it would have probably extended to a 2-hour call instead of 1-hour call explaining the puts and takes. What I'd say is there's still a lot of vertical markets that are not performing where they were last year. What's holding it up, as you can see, are the things that we all need to live. But the more conveniences of our lives, restaurants, travel, et cetera, are not there. And restaurants, travel, et cetera, are also, in some markets, very profitable for us. So while we are moving as a company and, I think, globally in the right direction, until you're not seeing masks and people are on planes and stuff is back to normal, I don't  I'm not expecting the third quarter is going to be a normal third quarter. I'm very pleased that we are where we are as a company and as a market or the markets that we're in. But I do think  it's not like this is in the past. You just have to watch the news at night, and there's still a lot of concern in the world.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you for that. I appreciate all the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Mihalos from Cowen. Your line is open.
Allison Jordan: Hi. This is actually Allison on for George. Thank you for taking my questions. My first question is you spoke a little bit about the deal pipeline earlier. I'm curious how that is trending by geography. Which geographies are you seeing the most opportunities? I know LatAm has been a focus. Is that still the case?
Jim Kelly: Yes, Latin America remains a focus. Really, our primary focus in Latin America is just to stand up the Chile business. And why don't I let Brendan  we're not together, so I have to call him out. Why don't we let Brendan give an update on Chile? Brendan?
Brendan Tansill: Yes, sure. So we have a 2-part regulatory approval process. The first was regulatory approval to establish the legal entity. That approval has been received. And so the company  the legal entity now exists. The second threshold is for the legal entity to commence operations, and we were required to engage a consulting firm to assist us in determining our readiness. So that consulting firm has now been engaged, and we are well into the process. The expectation is that we would receive approval late third quarter, early fourth quarter. And I don't see any reason why anything would delay a commercial launch immediately following regulatory approval. So we've made a lot of progress on the technology front. We've, I think, evaluated some vendors that we would be using locally to help support the business, terminal support in the field and things like that. So anyway, I think we're extremely well positioned. We've made a couple of hires locally. But we continue to manage cost so that it doesn't consume cash in any material way prior to generating revenue and signing up new merchant accounts. So I feel great about where we are, and I think the time frames are unchanged relative to what we've communicated in past earnings calls.
Jim Kelly: But beyond Chile  so we want that to go first. And then once in the market, just as we were in Europe  we were in the market in Europe with 1 single relationship  or actually, it was 2. It was Deutsche Bank and what was Banco Popular at the time. And then from there, it essentially sets up a beachhead to be able to expand into other markets. But we generally don't go into a market unless we're following a customer. We have examples of that in Europe. But in most instances, we enter a market with a financial institution for the reasons that we've stated earlier. And then maybe I'll let Darren just talk about Europe for a second. You can cover EuroBic quickly since we've been talking about it for almost 2 years and then what else we're looking at there. Darren?
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim. Yes, in Europe, we  so for Portugal, we have been talking to EuroBic for a long time due to some regulator and shareholder issues they've had or fixes they need to put in place, which they're actively working on. We remain actively engaged with them and still very keen to enter that market. So fingers crossed for positive news from their side shortly, but we remain just actively in dialogue with them as much as possible. So outside of that, we continue to look at tech-enabled opportunities across Europe. We've already made a couple of acquisitions in that space and continue to look to build out in markets we're already in or complementary markets and then equally continue to look at filling the gaps in Eastern and Western Europe country-wise with a market-leading financial institution where feasible.
Allison Jordan: Okay. Great. That was very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. In response to an earlier question, you mentioned DCC. I'm curious how should we be thinking about how DCC is going to impact the numbers going forward, particularly in 3Q.
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think  at least right now, I think  I don't know that the trend is going to change much. So just to clarify, DCC is when a foreign card comes into a market and the consumer, at the point of sale, decides to get paid in their local currency  sorry, we just saw a call coming in  get paid in a local currency versus  I mean their home currency versus the local currency. So if international travel doesn't improve, then the trends are going to pretty much stay where they are. The big move for DCC tends to be in the summer months as people move around. So as they stay within their markets for work, school, et cetera, then I don't think we're going to see much of an improvement on DCC. DCC is an extra fee that we charge. So it's more profitable on those type of transactions. I'm not expecting the trend to get worse. I'm not expecting the trend to change materially on the other side.
Allison Jordan: Okay, great. Thank you for taking my question.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Budish: Hi, guys. This is Ben on for Ramsey. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow up earlier on  I think I believe it was Bob's question on the volume versus the revenue mix. And your answer was pretty kind of clear for the overall business. I'm wondering more specifically about Europe for modeling purposes. It seemed like the delta was a bit wider. And I believe in the past, you've kind of explained that that's due to just the shift to more enterprise merchants. And I'm wondering just on the  if you could provide any color maybe on like the month-by-month trends there of kind of that gap. As maybe more SMBs kind of return or kind of reactivate, are you seeing kind of have an improvement in that gap between volume and revenue.
Jim Kelly: Yes. As I think we've alluded to in a number of occasions, until we see more of the SME market come back and be a bigger contributor, the volumes that you are seeing on these slides are  and when I say these slides, I would say from kind of end of March through to where we are today, and you can see it to the right side as well, what's growing. These big-box types are the ones that we're getting the volume from because people aren't going to restaurants, they're going to grocery stores. And as a result, the margins on those businesses are just smaller. The volumes look good, but the volume  the margins are smaller. As economies recover and it's more of an equal distribution over  based on what historically has occurred, then you're going to see the overall revenue improve on each of the transactions.
Tom Panther: And Ben, it's Tom. I think we are encouraged by where some of those country-level volumes are. We've seen them back to pre-COVID levels with the exception of Spain. And within some of those verticals, as Jim said, those that are nondiscretionary  or excuse me, those that are discretionary are the ones that continue to lag. So I think there's pent-up demand opportunity really across all of our markets but also specific to Europe, even though it does look like it's trending back. When you break Europe apart, it would  and you were focusing specifically on kind of the revenue and the 25% decline in revenue relative to kind of volume, it was impacted by the DCC as well as by Spain. And those 2 things had a big impact on that 25% decline. As those 2 things rebound, I think you can see those  the relationship between revenue and volume would be a little bit tighter.
Ben Budish: Okay. That was actually very helpful. And then if I could ask one more. You didn't talk much about the ISV channel on the call. And I understand that, to some extent, with coronavirus going on, you're more  the impact was more due to the vertical than the distribution channel. But can you maybe just provide us with an update there on how that business is doing given...
Jim Kelly: So just  I'll do it real quickly, just given the time. The  for the U.S. business, the U.S. business is very oriented to hospitality. So you live in the U.S., you know what hospitality look like. That said, I think Brendan could amplify. One of our months  whether it was May or June, I think we had one of our best months in, I don't know, 6 or 9 months, so some of that might have been pent-up demand. But Brendan, do you want to cover that real quick?
Brendan Tansill: Yes. June was our best month in the trailing 12-month period. So actually, we had an incredibly active month. And I think some of that correlated to the fact that we were able to get the Tampa facility back into the office. Some of the productivity is impacted around just having folks work remotely. And while I think we've done a good job of adapting to the realities of the pandemic, getting folks back in the office, having all our sales guys in close communication to one or another, it absolutely reaped benefits. And it could have been pent-up demand, but June was a fantastic month.
Jim Kelly: Yes. Just to clarify, Tom corrected me here, that was new merchant adds. So the business is still very strong. What isn't strong is you're not going to restaurants sitting down like you used to. And I don't think anybody is. And even if you do go inside  I mean we're here in Georgia, and it's been open. But even if you go inside, it limits the number of people in. So the overall ISV business performed as you would expect based on something that's oriented very much to hospitality. But my thrust and what Brendan mentioned is the new sales still were very strong and continue to be strong. Let me just give Darren a chance to talk about Europe for a sec.
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim. Yes, we're seeing the same kind of good signs from the ISV channels throughout Europe. For example, as Jim said, new signings are holding up in levels that we've seen pre COVID. So for example, in the U.K., maintaining those signings levels, but 60% of our new merchants coming through an ISV-led channel. Business is superb. As I outlined, we made a tech-enabled acquisition in Spain, ClearONE, which is partnering with ISVs, and that is growing, similarly, extremely well for new merchant count. Equally then, across all of our other markets, we're seeing strong green shoots of ISV-led merchant acquisitions in Poland, Czech, Ireland, Germany, et cetera so  and expanding into new sectors and verticals such as medical in Ireland that previously was kind of white space for card-processing opportunities, so new sectors and new verticals opening up as well through these ISV partnerships.
Ben Budish: Great. Well, thank you so much for taking my questions.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Del Grosso from Compass Point. Your line is open.
Mike Del Grosso: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a strong quarter. Question on your U.S. exposure. First of all, I appreciate the granularity on the slides. But perhaps on a state-level basis, could you kind of provide any color on concentration there? I think Texas is a large exposure. But any other large states you'd call out?
Brendan Tansill: Yes. I mean our merchant base tends to, on some level, track population centers. So yes, we're exposed to California, we're exposed to North, we're exposed to Texas and we're exposed to Florida. But we have exposure  and those states, some of those, in particular New York and California, have been slower moving in terms of opening. And we saw that very clearly in the numbers. And in fact, when Florida and Texas opened and then closed back down, we saw that impact in the numbers as well. But the good news is we're very diversified across end market. I know Jim had commented that the ISV business is concentrated to hospitality, but that is absolutely not the case in our e-commerce or direct businesses. So we're  and we're also equally diversified across geographic location as well. But yes  no, there's no question that we do track the big 4.
Mike Del Grosso: Okay. And then the follow-up is on Chile. I know when you first announced it, you put out a press release outlining some of the characteristics of that market. But could you maybe remind us what some of the early targets are as far as revenue or EBITDA contribution once that comes online this year?
Brendan Tansill: I think  we haven't provided any. I mean the answer is the market is in such infancy that it's hard to know exactly how it plays out. The market has been a monopoly since the inception of the cards business there. It's controlled by a company called Transbank, which is owned by the banks, and it has been the only game in town for a very, very long time. Santander has split off a little bit. And so they're kind of finding their way. But Visa, Mastercard are now just getting introduced to the market for domestic transactions. Their pricing tables have only recently been announced and are being implemented. So to give guidance about profitability when we don't fully understand spread or all those kinds of critical metrics, it's unknown. But the good news is our bank partner is extraordinarily engaged, and they have introduced us to many of their larger corporate relationships, and many of them have articulated a keen interest in working with us. And then we'll implement all of our own direct sales strategies as well, telesales, field sales, ISV relationships, proprietary and third-party gateway solutions. So I think between our relationships  or our strategies and the bank's incumbent banking customer relationships, I do think that we're going to see a nice pickup relatively quickly.
Jim Kelly: I'm just going to amplify. I was on a call  one of these Webex calls with the CEO and a team. I think there was like 15 people from the bank. When I say excited, this bank is super excited, which I think is awesome because, a lot of times, when we buy a bank business that's been around for 5, 10, 15 years, they're just not as excited about it. Maybe they're excited about the transaction and they hope for it to be better. But here, this bank has never had a chance to run or be involved in running the business. And as Brendan was mentioning, I mean, they were clipping off all the big names, big merchant names in the country. So  and this is a market that grows organically, as it's published, 21%. So yes, they've gone through COVID and they've taken a very aggressive lockdown. I don't know if they're open yet, but they've been locked down for quite some time, locked down meaning working from home and not even leaving the house type of thing, like Spain. But we're super excited because it is a new region and even more excited because we think they're going to be an awesome partner. 
Mike Del Grosso: Thats great. Thank you.
Jim Kelly: Okay, great. Thanks. I think we have time for one more.
Operator: And our final question today comes from the line of Kartik Mehta from Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Kartik Mehta: Thanks. Tom, I know you talked a lot about cost already, but I just want to make sure I understood something you said last quarter. And I thought you were talking about $6 million a month because of the volume decline you were anticipating. Obviously, I think that hasn't come to fruition. But are you still on that same trend during the month and which so far...
Tom Panther: You're moving in and out, but I think I got the question in terms of just kind of expense trends and picking back up from the $6 million reference point. I think what we can say is we absolutely delivered on that in Q2. When you look at our period-over-period results, regardless of which period you pick, we delivered on that 25% expense reduction. We did actually restore some expenses during the quarter and still delivered on that. So I'm pleased by that outcome. There were places where we needed to bring some people off of furlough and bring them back in as we saw call volumes increase and different activities resume in our markets. I think what we will say going forward is that we're going to continue to make sure that we're managing the business prudently and with a long-term focus. And if that means we need to restore some expenses and give back some of that $6 million while still improving margin, that's what we'll do because, I think, our focus is more around profitability and making sure that we're delivering the right kind of margin for our shareholders, not necessarily hanging on to a particular expense target that was specific to the early days. As I mentioned in my comments, I think there's still opportunity. We mentioned that $15 million number on an annualized basis. That $6 million would be a $70 million, give or take, on an annualized basis, and I think there's additional opportunity to have permanent savings both on the staff and non-staff side. But what that number is going forward, I think, is going to be a multivariable equation based on delivering the right margin for the shareholders.
Kartik Mehta: And then, Jim, I know you talked about acquisition. And when this initially happened  the pandemic initially happen, it seemed like maybe acquisition prices would come down because volumes trends were coming up so aggressively. But today  where we stand today, have you seen a change in acquisition pricing at all or the desire of people to participate in a deal?
Jim Kelly: That's a good question, Kartik. I think for the deals that were already in the queue, just like us, I mean, I think this was  to some extent, this is a onetime event. I mean I hope it's a onetime event, but I think people look at the pandemic as it's something that's happened. It's horrific, but life will return to normal. And I think as a seller, unless there's a permanent impairment or they're super desperate, I think a seller has a similar view that if you like the business at this price in January, trying to buy it in June or July just  and use a trailing 12 mentality, unless they're desperate, I would find it very surprising that a seller would take that view. So I don't think you  I'm not anticipating prices changing in a material way, I mean maybe somewhat. Maybe some of it is going to be around how you structure a deal. Maybe there's more  I'm not a big fan of earn-outs, but maybe there's more of that type of a component. But just to simply say, "Oh, yes, we're going to pay you less because your volume is down 35%," I don't think  unless they have to, I don't think somebody is going to be a seller.
Kartik Mehta: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Jim Kelly: All right, thank you, Kartik.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I'll turn back to the presenters for closing remarks.
Ed O'Hare: Thanks, operator, and thank you all for joining our call this morning and your continued interest in EVO.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, well open the lines for question-and-answers. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments first quarter 2020 conference call. Before we Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the impact of COVID-19 and economic conditions on our future operations that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Certain risk factors inherent in our business are set forth in filings with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, President and COO; and Paul Todd, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We entered 2020 with our business as healthy as it has ever been during my tenure at Global Payments. And our performance in the first quarter prior to the impact of COVID-19 reflected that strength, the soundness of our strategy and the consistency of our execution. We believe that these underlying trends will position Global Payments to resume its track record of market-leading growth when the worldwide economy inevitably returns. The companys results in January, February and through the first two weeks of March exceeded our internal expectations, excluding the impact from COVID-19 in our Asia Pacific region. However, starting in mid-March, the virus began to impact the companys results significantly in North America and Europe as governments took actions to encourage social distancing and implement shelter-in-place directives. The deterioration accelerated toward the end of March as the number of countries and localities adopting restrictive measures meaningfully increased. Notwithstanding the impact of the virus, we were successful in winning meaningful new business in the first quarter. These competitive takeaways highlight that the underlying strength of our pure-play payments model is being recognized by some of the most complex and sophisticated customers. They also provide us with continued confidence in further sustained share gains as the partner of choice at scale for cutting-edge companies. First, we are delighted to announce that Truist Financial Corporation has selected Global Payments to be its provider of issuer processing services for its combined businesses. Truist is the sixth largest commercial bank in the United States serving approximately 12 million consumer households and a full range of business clients with leading market share in many of the most attractive high-growth markets in the country. Importantly, Truist has a bold vision to meaningfully increase investment in innovative technology and to create distinctive client experiences. Truists strategy to transform its payments businesses via technology aligns perfectly with our TSYS issuer business and provides further validation of our market-leading technologies, product services and the quality and competitiveness of our team members. We could not be more pleased to welcome Truist to the Global Payments family of partners and launch our new services in the future. Our issuer business has a strong track record of innovation to the benefit of our customers. Contactless is a great example, and we have seen near 30% year-on-year growth in recent periods. We also are partnering with the card brands and digital wallet providers to further accelerate contactless growth in light of the virus. In addition, TSYS will be the first issuer technology partner to offer Visas new installment solution at the point-of-sale as an enhancement to our existing capabilities. Second, we are very pleased to announce that Synovus Financial Corp. has selected Global Payments to be its new exclusive merchant acquiring partner. Synovus is a leading regional commercial bank with 299 branches in the southeast region of the United States. Our new partnership with Synovus confirms the wisdom of the Global Payments and TSYS merger. We do not believe that either company individually would have been positioned to win this business. We already launched our partnership with Synovus on April 1. Third, we continue to notch significant sales wins in our technology-enabled businesses during the quarter. Our partner software business, which we recently rebranded as Global Payments Integrated, launched 30 new partners in the first few months of 2020. We are tracking well ahead of where we were at this time in 2019, which was a year that marked a record for new partner production. Cameron will provide more detail shortly. We also saw significant new business successes across our own software portfolio. For example, we are delighted to announce new wins with Inspire Brands and Focus Brands, including Auntie Annes, CKE Restaurants and Arbys. In addition, we continue to make meaningful progress with the rollout of our Xenial QSR cloud-based SaaS point-of-sale solution to new and existing customers, such as Long John Silvers and Dutch Bros. We have also begun testing this solution for a potential placement throughout the restaurant brands international family of more than 26,000 global restaurants. These wins contribute to Xenial achieving record new bookings for its QR  QSR business this quarter. It is worth highlighting that Xenial provides enterprise QSR customers with cutting-edge software, digital wallets, drive-through technologies, mobile-ordering capabilities and integrations with leading delivery partners through our omni product. In fact, for the first quarter, the number of omni mobile and online orders processed for Xenial customers increased over 50% sequentially as QSRs shifted toward online fulfillment. Fourth and finally, we continue to make progress with our e-commerce and omni-channel businesses, which generated impressive new sales wins, including a large multinational telecommunications carrier for markets outside the United States, one of the largest multinational package delivery companies in Asia and a leading worldwide food services delivery business. These businesses produced the best financial result for us in the quarter, highlighting our leading position in worldwide e-commerce and omni-channel acceptance. And that trend has continued into April with absolute growth year-over-year in a number of virtual markets. During this challenging time, our top priority remains the health and safety of our team members, customers, partners and the communities in which we live and work. I want to thank our nearly 24,000 team members for their tremendous efforts and unwavering focus on our customers during this unprecedented crisis. It has allowed our business and operations to continue to perform normally. While these are difficult times, we are well positioned given the strength of our business model and the dedication and focus of our employees. I am especially proud of our Netspend business, which is facilitating the rapid distribution of much needed funds under the CARES Act. We believe that Netspend was one of the first companies to provide stimulus funds to customers ahead of both financial technology peers and financial institutions. Those critical funds were made available on average four days before most of the other providers in the market and ahead of its normal two days faster operating model for typical paychecks because Netspend has the end-to-end infrastructure already in place to process government ACH files upon receipt. During April, we processed over 0.5 million deposits accounting for over $1.2 billion in stimulus payments to American consumers dispersed by the IRS. In the coming weeks, we expect additional governmental programs to fund, and a number of our partners will assist consumers who receive paper checks by enabling deposits into existing or new Netspend accounts to our mobile app or directly onto their phones virtually via our Samsung partnership. As just one example, together with Mastercard, we have helped facilitate 7-Elevens new Transact prepaid product to enable under and unbanked individuals and families to receive much needed funds faster than a paper check through 7-Eleven stores. Our powerful combination with TSYS provides us with multiple levers to mitigate headwinds that we may face from the pandemic. We made significant strides on our integration this quarter and we continue to anticipate delivering at least $125 million in annual run rate revenue synergies and at least $350 million in annual run rate expense synergies within three years of the merger close. In addition to the merger synergies, we have now implemented additional cost initiatives to help address the anticipated impact of COVID-19 on our business. We expect these actions to deliver at least an incremental $400 million in annualized savings over the next 12 months. These amounts represent a more than doubling of the three-year annualized merger expense synergy benefit in just one year. We have already initiated these expense actions in a series of ways beginning early in the second quarter. As you will hear from Paul, our liquidity, free cash flow and balance sheet are healthy. These efforts are intended to best position Global Payments to weather near-term disruptions and emerge from the crisis in the same strong position with which we entered it. And we continue to invest in our businesses despite the impact of the virus on the worldwide economy. Our long-term plans to grow our technology-enabled businesses, expand our omni-channel efforts and target the most attractive markets have not changed. The uniqueness of our business mix, which is dramatically different today than it was during the last recession, has been a source of strength during the current crisis. With that, Ill turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to all of our team members who have provided exemplary support to our customers during this challenging time. As Jeff mentioned, even with the vast majority of our nearly 24,000 team members worldwide working from home since mid-March, our business has continued to operate seamlessly. For the relatively few team members whose job function requires them to be in one of our offices, we have implemented appropriate social distancing practices, made antibacterial hand sanitizers, masks widely available and increased the frequency of cleaning of key areas. Throughout this crisis, we have continued to put the health and well-being of our team members first while also supporting our customers and safeguarding our business. Over the past several years, we have made significant investments in modernizing the operating environments and technology that support day-to-day execution in our business. The largely cloud-based systems and collaboration tools we use globally facilitated a smooth transition of our operations to business continuity mode with significant utilization of work-from-home arrangements. This has allowed us to sustain outstanding service to our customers while also enabling continued strong execution of our pure-play payment strategy as evidenced by the significant new wins in the quarter. In our Merchant Solutions business, Global Payments Integrated is off to a record start to the year in terms of new partner wins and is already seeing benefits of our merger with TSYS. We recently signed a new partnership agreement with a large multinational software provider based on our ability to deliver the Genius POS solution together with our best-in-class ecosystem while also enabling its customers to support electronic tips by the Netspend card  PayCard product. Global Payments was uniquely positioned to provide this comprehensive solution, which reflects the powerful combination of highly complementary capabilities brought together by our merger with TSYS. Our strategy of delivering the full value stack in key vertical markets continues to produce deeper, richer and more value-added relationships with our customers. In addition to the Xenial highlights that Jeff already provided, our higher education business had its strongest ever bookings performance in March, and AdvancedMD saw bookings increased 35% year-on-year for the first quarter largely due to our ability to deliver cloud-based technology solutions, including telemedicine capabilities to physician practices throughout the U.S. In our Heartland business, we delivered outstanding growth of over 30% in online payments during the first quarter as we continue to see strong customer demand for our omni-channel solutions. Notably, this growth accelerated in March as we installed three times as many new e-commerce merchants as anticipated largely due to significant demand for online ordering capabilities. We also began deploying vital POS through our Heartland distribution channel in early March, exactly as we said we would, and we remain confident in our ability to execute on our sales plan for this distinctive solution. Further, we now plan to deliver vital POS to Canada later this quarter, an acceleration from our original target of a third quarter launch. In Canada, our new partnership with Desjardins is off to a terrific start. Merchant migration and lead referrals from all branches commenced at the beginning of March, and we received nearly 1,500 referrals before the current disruption. Our early successes reinforce our confidence in this new partnership that combines Global Payments differentiated technologies and payments capabilities with Desjardins market-leading position in Quebec. In Europe, we successfully launched our social commerce solution in key markets, enabling our customers to accept payments through social networks. In the last few weeks, we launched this product with a new leading national veterinary chain and a high-end restaurant group in the UK and also signed Hyundai, which is currently deploying the solution to all of its dealerships in the region. Additionally, we recently secured a competitive takeaway in the UK by enabling a leading building society with call center payment solutions for work-from-home environments. We successfully executed a new acquiring contract with this customer and distributed software to its call center staff and mortgage brokers from start to finish in less than three days. And in Asia, we saw strong new sales performance, particularly in our e-commerce business despite COVID-19 gripping that region for the majority of the quarter. We have enabled several of our large retail customers to accelerate their shift to e-commerce and signed new e- partnerships with two large multinational health and wellness companies. Turning to our issuer business, in addition to the Truist win, we finalized an agreement with Scotiabank to convert its Canadian consumer credit card and loan accounts. And we have executed a multiyear renewal agreement for its North American consumer and commercial credit card business. Additionally, we successfully signed a new multiyear processing and managed services agreement with UK based YAYA, encompassing their recently acquired credit card portfolios and extended several other existing client agreements, including with Barclaycard and Bank of Montreal. We also converted over 300,000 accounts during the period and have a robust pipeline with implementation stage throughout the year and into 2021. Delivering superior support to our customers is a key pillar of our business model, and we have continued to do so in this unprecedented environment without exception. Throughout this pandemic, we remain focused on supporting customers across all of our businesses, including our small to medium-sized merchant customers in the markets most impacted by the virus. We have worked tirelessly to assist these customers by enabling new capabilities to support their business operations, including rapidly equipping merchants who did not previously sell online with a full omni solution, particularly in the restaurant vertical market. In fact, in North America alone, we have added over 1,800 new restaurants to our online ordering platform since mid-March. Likewise, we have been facilitating social distancing and no-contact commerce by enabling mobile pay and contactless and mobile wallet acceptance at merchants who had not previously accepted these form factors. As a worldwide leader in NFC deployment, we rapidly enabled contactless acceptance for our merchant customers, which also positions us well for the future as we expect the secular shift from cash to electronic forms of payments to accelerate post the pandemic. We have also provided customers and markets worldwide with virtual terminals to allow them to accept orders over the phone. For health care customers at AdvancedMD, weve enabled nearly 1,500 practices with telemedicine capabilities, delivering the technology for more than 80,000 virtual visits in the last two weeks of March alone. In addition to these efforts, we are providing economic relief in a variety of forms to our customers, including waiving certain fees such as SaaS and POS payments as well as online ordering fees. We have also granted free trial or reduced fees for newly enabled services and established a charitable program targeted at our most vulnerable merchant customers that provides preloaded pay cards that can be used to support their staff at no cost. Further, we are waiving setup fees in the first 90 days of subscription fees for our virtual card add-on solution to brick-and-mortar gift card customers and have extended free trial period of our analytics and customer engagement platform that we are deploying in our Heartland business. Lastly, we have been leveraging our relationship with our lending partner in the U.S. to facilitate payroll protection program loans for customers across our distribution platforms. To date, our lending partner has placed thousands of PPP loans for our customers. Our issuer business has also maintained strong operational stability in its call centers as we work to support our issuer clients during a period of very high call volumes. Additionally, we are working with issuers to enable cardholder and small business relief programs, including supporting the delivery of a range of payment options as consumers and businesses seek predictable ways to manage budgets and expenses during this challenging time. While we continue to manage through this situation with a difficult relentless focus on execution you have come to expect from Global Payments, we also have an eye on the future and are working to ensure the business is well positioned for the inevitable recovery. We are revamping sales and marketing strategies to align with our expectations for market reopenings around the globe and to emphasize those solutions most in demand. In the U.S., we are also aggressively recruiting and onboarding new sales professionals into our Heartland channel, which we can do in a cost-effective manner given our model. And while we are reducing expenses where appropriate, we continue to invest in products and capabilities that will further differentiate Global Payments in the future. There is no question the competitive environment will look different on the other side of this crisis, and we are poised to benefit in the long-term due to the distinctiveness of our technology-enabled pure-play payment strategy. With that, let me turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Todd: Thanks, Cameron. I want to reiterate how pleased we are with the way in which our team members have responded during this crucial time to ensure business continuity, deliver the highest standard of support and execution for our customers and allow for us to achieve strong financial performance. For the first quarter, total company adjusted net revenue was $1.73 billion, reflecting growth of 108% over 2019 and ahead of our preliminary expectations on April 6. On a combined basis, our revenue increased slightly from the prior year, including a roughly 50 basis point headwind from the impact of negative foreign currency exchange rates. Adjusted operating margins expanded an impressive 300 basis points to 39% for the quarter and well above the 250 basis point annual expansion target we mentioned on our last call. As a result, we were able to deliver strong adjusted earnings per share growth of 18% to $1.58, which also includes a roughly 100 basis point impact from adverse foreign currency exchange rate movements. This first quarter bottom line performance was better than anticipated when we previewed our first quarter on April 6. Notably, from the start of the quarter through the first two weeks of March, our performance was exceeding our growth expectations compared to last year, excluding the impact of the virus we were already experiencing in the Asia Pacific region. Our Merchant Solutions business drove the outperformance while results for our issuer and business consumer segments were tracking relatively in line with our expectations through that period. However, in the second half of March, the spread of COVID-19 began to impact our results meaningfully in North America and Europe in addition to Asia Pacific. As Jeff and Cameron both mentioned, it was a dynamic quarter for all of our businesses, and I want to provide some color on each segment. First, adjusted net revenue in Merchant Solutions increased 2% on a combined basis to $1.1 billion for the first quarter, which includes nearly a 100 basis point headwind from currency while adjusted operating margin improved 180 basis points to 45.4%. Before the spread of COVID-19, we were experiencing low double-digit adjusted net revenue growth in this segment, excluding the impact of COVID-19 in Asia Pacific, which negatively impacted results consistent with the $15 million drag we had previously disclosed. This strength was largely attributable to our technology-enabled businesses, including Global Payments Integrated, which was tracking toward mid-teens growth for the lions share of the quarter. This business continues to benefit from record new wins, strong same-store sales and low attrition rates driven by our ability to provide a truly integrated ecosystem across more vertical markets and more geographies than our peers. We also maintained our consistent track record of strong growth in our vertical market software portfolio ahead of the COVID-19 impact. As Jeff and Cameron indicated, booking trends across the portfolio remained strong with record achievements at several of our businesses during the period. Our relationship-led businesses were also seeing good momentum outside of Asia Pacific before the spread of COVID-19. Notably, in North America, adjusted net revenue was tracking up low double digits ahead of our expectations, and our European businesses were delivering high single-digit growth. For the full quarter, as in-store volumes came under pressure, our e-commerce and omni-channel businesses served as a partial hedge. As Cameron noted, we delivered strong growth in online sales at Heartland during the quarter while in Europe, we saw high single-digit growth in the UK and roughly 20% growth in Spain as more spending moved online. E-comm omni revenue was also up double digits in APAC during the first quarter. Moving to Issuer Solutions, we delivered a record $442 million in adjusted net revenue for the first quarter, representing growth of 150 basis points on a constant currency basis. As I mentioned previously this business was tracking in line with our expectations through early March for roughly 3% growth with underlying trends to that point remaining consistent with our long-term outlook for mid-single-digit growth. Adjusted segment operating margin expanded a very strong 430 basis points to 39.5% as we continue to drive efficiencies and make the pivot toward the cloud in this business. We also added over 13 million accounts on file this quarter, producing yet another record. Transaction growth was in the mid-single digits. We experienced strong volumes in managed services as cardholders ramped up the frequency of their interactions with trusted financial institutions in the quarter. Finally, our Business and Consumer Solutions segment delivered adjusted net revenue of $204 million, down nearly 7% from the prior year primarily due to headwinds from the CFPB prepaid rule and seasonal tax impacts. Absent that, adjusted net revenue was roughly flat for the quarter, marking a continuation of the underlying trends from the fourth quarter of 2019. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter for this segment was 25.7% and was again better than our expectation. We continue to be pleased by the performance of our DDA products with account growth of over 30% from the prior year period. As Jeff mentioned, we saw a substantial benefit in early April from the processing of stimulus payments in this segment. In sum, we delivered solid operating performance across all our segments through outstanding execution, and we also benefited from the early and rapid cost actions we took to position our company given the current environment and for the eventual recovery. As it relates to cost actions, as Jeff highlighted, we have already implemented expense initiatives that will translate to roughly $100 million per quarter in incremental cost benefits for the balance of 2020. Our focus has been to streamline discretionary spend that includes cuts to G&E and marketing budgets, reductions in executive pay and other salary initiatives and additional targeted actions across the organization. We have also been intentional about these measures to allow our strong growth momentum to continue when a more normalized operating environment resumes. From a cash flow standpoint for the quarter, we generated adjusted free cash flow of approximately $400 million, which was in line with our expectation. We also exited Q1 with roughly $1.3 billion of available cash, including $640 million in excess of our operating cash needs. This excess cash increased approximately $300 million from year-end. We have adjusted our capital spending outlook for the year from the high $500 million to low $600 million range we talked about on our last call and now expect to be in the $400 million to $500 million range or roughly $100 million less for the year. We invested $105 million of cash in the first quarter that was focused on new products and technologies to ensure we continue to build upon our leading portfolio of pure-play payment solutions, which is consistent with our newly revised estimate. Earlier in the quarter, we finished the buyback activity started in the fourth quarter, purchasing 2.1 million of our shares for approximately $400 million. We did, however, suspend repurchases in early March. We ended the quarter with a leverage position of roughly 2.45 times on a net debt basis or roughly 2.75 times on a gross basis consistent with year-end. Our strong investment-grade balance sheet, in combination with our stable free cash flow generation, provides us with ample capital and financial flexibility to navigate through this challenging time. With $2.9 billion of liquidity, including our available cash and undrawn revolver and no significant required debt repayments until our maturity in April 2021, we are truly in a position of financial strength. We will continue to monitor and leverage market opportunities to maintain that strong position over the long-term. Although trends are dynamic, we have seen some stabilization and improvement in late April from the lower levels we have seen several weeks ago. Specifically, volume trends in our merchant business have held fairly steady and begun to recover modestly, led by our technology-enabled businesses. In addition, markets that have recently reopened, such as China and in Central Europe, have seen similar stabilization and improvement trends in domestic volumes. Our Issuer Solutions business remains resilient as bundled pricing and managed services volumes are helping to mitigate the impact of transaction level declines. Our international issuing business also remains a bright spot with absolute growth in the low-single digits despite the macroeconomic environment. These trends have been offset in part by what we are seeing in our commercial card area due to limited travel spending by corporations and governments. Similar to our experience in merchants, issuing trends have stabilized and recovered somewhat in selected verticals over the last several weeks. Finally, Business and Consumer Solutions has benefited from processing substantial stimulus funds, and we do expect to recapture some of the lost revenue from last quarter related to the extended tax deadline over the next several months. Additionally, April is the first month where we do not have CFPB headwinds for comparison. And while we are not providing guidance at this time, I think its worth parsing our business in light of the current environment. First, we have several businesses that have been relatively more resilient through this period. This includes both our issuer and business consumer segments, which combined account for roughly 35% of our adjusted net revenue. Additionally, roughly half of Merchant Solutions adjusted net revenue has been generally less economically sensitive. This includes our omnichannel business, Global Payments Integrated and certain vertical market solutions like Xenial, AMD and our university business. So two-thirds of our businesses have been somewhat insulated from fluctuating consumer spending trends. With that said, it is difficult to predict when and how the current environment will change. However, we are confident we will emerge stronger due to the significant cost initiatives being implemented to protect our earnings, cash flows and investment-grade balance sheet. All in all, we are pleased with how we are positioned given the unprecedented times we are operating in as a company. And with that, Ill turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Paul. Our recent significant wins highlight the wisdom of our partnership with TSYS and the strength of our combined business. We have already taken and will continue to take actions to best position our company for success as the worldwide economy returns to growth. In the interim, we are fortunate to be confronting this crisis from a position of strength. The competitive landscape will no doubt change as a result of this crisis, and we believe that we will capitalize on those changes and continue to gain share organically and through further consolidation. We believe that the virus will continue to accelerate the ongoing shift towards further digitization of payments and the movement toward online commerce globally. We are also grateful for our market-leading position in software across multiple vertical markets, highlighting the diversity of our business banks. We believe that we will continue to be the beneficiary of trends that will be further catalyzed by COVID-19. While we are not immune to the current economic climate, we are as well positioned as we have ever been with a balanced portfolio in payments and vertical market software at scale. We expect our strategy of leading with software owned and partner with an emphasis on premier omni-channel solutions in the most attractive markets will serve us well into the future. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just thinking about the adjusted operating margin as we go into the second quarter, how should we think about modeling given that its likely the second quarter will be hopefully the bottom of the impact or will be the worst of the impact in the second quarter? And with that, thinking about the $400 million of additional cost saves, where is that coming from exactly? And is that sustainable post the COVID-19 impact after we get a year out? Thanks.
Paul Todd: Yes. So Bryan, this is Paul. As it relates to the margin, Id say a couple of things. One, obviously, were very pleased to have the margin expansion at the 300 basis point level that we had in Q1. So that kind of gives you a run rate of where we were at from a total quarter standpoint. The second thing Id point to is these additional cost takeouts. And if you kind of look at that on a year-over-year basis, you could see that thats roughly about 6.5% or so if you took that 100 million per quarter and clip those in the quarters, that would kind of give you the first addition there that you would make on what we would do on the margin side. And then last, as you just kind of make your assumptions as it relates to what volume would do from a revenue side and kind of the incremental kind of cost there, you could just try to take those margins and kind of play through the various businesses. And that would give you kind of the margin picture you were looking for. You are right in the sense that 2Q, particularly in light of the recovery in volumes that were seeing, would be the trough from a margin standpoint. But we certainly are moving into this quarter here in a very strong position with the cost initiatives that we already have in place.
Jeff Sloan: And Id say, on your second question, Bryan, about the $400 million and the  how it looks going forward, I would say probably about half that, call it, about $200 million, I would say our permanent ongoing reductions. The other $200 million are really things that weve done like salary reductions and everything else in light of the virus. Having said that, though, if we were to face a situation where things didnt continue to improve, obviously, we would do other things to get back to the $400 million in the first place. So I believe at the end of the day, its going to depend on what we see. As Paul mentioned, we continue to see stabilization and improvement in the volumes. But if we dont continue to see that, then Im confident that well take other actions to return to the $400 million in the first place.
Bryan Keane: Got it. And just as a quick follow-up. Can you talk a little bit, Jeff, maybe about the health of the base? Do you expect bankruptcies to rise? And how much do you think the PPP program will help?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Ill start then Ill ask Cameron to join in, of course, as well. So I would say that weve already seen stabilization in April. As we mentioned in the press release and Paul commented on and weve seen kind of continuing improvement by week really throughout April into early May. So I think the answer is, we like the trends that were seeing in terms of improvement. Its kind of too early to say really what the permanent impact is going to be. But we have seen through the end of April and early May continuing improvement, and thats obviously very good to see. As we also said in our prepared comments, Bryan, in those markets that were a bit ahead of the United States like in Continental Europe, for example, that have reopened earlier than some of the states in the United States, weve seen pretty significant improvement in those markets as well. So while Id say its too early to tell what the long-term impact really is, we do like the sequential improvement that weve been experiencing.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Bryan, its Cameron. The only thing I would add to that is although our business skews towards SMB sort of globally, its not really micro merchant. So our average merchant processing volume is pretty healthy. As weve talked about historically, somewhere in that $0.5 billion a year  or excuse me, $0.5 million a year range or above. So if you look at the overall health of the portfolio, I think well be generally in a pretty good place overall given the nature of the businesses that we typically serve around the globe size-wise.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thanks and stay healthy.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Bryan.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you, good morning. Glad to hear your voice as glad youre all well. Just to start off, could you help dimension the revenue you expect from the Truist contract and associated timing? And then Ill just ask my follow-up upfront on capital allocation priorities. Jeff, at the time you announced the TSYS acquisition, you focused on the fact that it was all equity because you wanted to keep a strong balance sheet. How are you thinking about deploying capital in this environment when seller expectations are likely coming down?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. David, its Jeff. Ill start on both those questions. And of course, Ill ask Paul to comment, too. So what Id say about Truist in terms of timing is we expect that a conversion will happen toward the tail end of 2021, and then we have some kind of a full launch early in 2022. So thats the timing on Truist. We are not going to publicly comment on the revenue or the size of it. But what I would say, as we said in our prepared comments this morning, is its the sixth largest commercial bank in the United States with 12 million consumer households in many businesses. So obviously, a top six banks in the U.S. is a pretty big deal. Obviously, we have more to say on that as we get further down the path, and its more appropriate to comment on beyond what weve said today. As it relates to capital allocation, I think Paul said it well in his prepared remarks, were 2.45 today times net levered. We generated substantial free cash flow in the month of March, just to pick one recent example. And we did $400 million adjusted, as Paul said, in the first quarter. So we feel very good about our capital position. So I think our TSYS at the time of the merger that you just restated I think is completely accurate. What were really looking for is really just some stability in the capital markets and the economic environments globally. But our priorities havent changed. Our first priority is to reinvest in the business primarily through M&A. And if we dont find attractive opportunities there to return that capital to our shareholders as we, by the way, continue to do in December, January, February up until early March, our pipeline remains very full, to your point. We think this is a great time to be opportunistic. But we do want to make sure that were continuing to see the benefits of stabilization and return to normalization that weve seen over the last couple of weeks, obviously, before we make any kind of final decisions. Paul, you want to add anything?
Paul Todd: Yes. The only thing I would add, David, is the Truist win, obviously, is huge. We talked for several quarters now around the robust pipeline in issuing. And this is just another market test around the superiority of our platform and the success that weve had in winning those kind of pipeline opportunities. And so I think thats point one. The second point on capital allocation. The only thing I would just add is none of the priorities on capital allocation has changed. And so obviously, what were doing from a dividend standpoint, we are  we have built up a little bit more cash. As I commented in my prepared remarks, but no change on the capital priority standpoint.
Jeff Sloan: I want to add to what Paul said, David, because its important, it was in our prepared remarks, I want to point it out. So we also think our agreement with Scotiabank was really important, one of the last remaining banks in Canada that was on an in-sourced model basis. We did have other business with Scotiabank in markets like Latin America, but we did not. They did it around  in Canada. I want to point out how important that is and what a great win that was, back to Pauls point, about backlog in issuing for our teams.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you so much.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi, thanks. Good morning all. I appreciate to taking the question. I wanted to follow up or maybe, Jeff, ask you to elaborate a little bit on Bryans question about sort of the health of the installed base and churn. Weve been thinking a lot about the creation of new businesses and especially in restaurants on the other side of this cycle. And I wonder if you could characterize Globals tradition to win a disproportionate amount of new share. It sounds like youre kind of already doing that, but I wonder about your positioning and how you frame it up versus some of the disruptors out there that are offering full stack software suites and so forth?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Im going to start, Andrew, and ask Cameron to jump in. And we spent a lot of time in our prepared remarks talking about the wins at Xenial that were very proud of this quarter. So I would say, let me just start first with the enterprise QSR business. As we said in our prepared remarks, with the additional Xenial wins, we also had a number of wins with our omni solutions and omni  for better or worse, its the same name were using at Xenial that were using for our omni-channel businesses, which is to say its online ordering, and we have integrations with all delivery services that you would imagine that we do. And those businesses, I think I said, were 50% up sequentially. And Ill tell you that in the first quarter, including through March, of course, and by the way, also into April, our Xenial businesses were right on budget. So forget about the virus for a second. Those businesses are really hardware, software, selling technology-based. And unlike what youve seen from some of our competitors that are laying off substantial people in the enterprise QSR level, I just told you that our businesses were on budget at Xenial in the first quarter, and that continued through the month of April. So obviously, I think as it relates to where the enterprise business is, its in an incredibly healthy place, and were very proud of it. And I think the list of customers testifies to how strong that business is in its point of competitive differentiation. Cameron, you want to talk a little bit about some of our other businesses away from enterprise QSR?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Id be happy to. I think were seeing the same level of success, Bryan, as you go into the mid-market and to the small end of the restaurant space as well, largely because, again, we compete on the basis of technology, not really competing on the basis of price. And to Jeffs point, our ability to enable our restaurant customers, particularly the mid-market customers and former customers, to move to online order acceptance for delivery and take out quickly on the heels of the pandemic starting to spread here in the U.S. market, I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had 1,800 new restaurant customers on our online ordering platform, which in the Heartland channel has the same integrations that Jeff described with the major five delivery services in the U.S. market. So were actually seeing relatively good performance in our restaurant business overall, particularly if you compare it to the overall trends in the restaurant business in the market. Ive seen market data around restaurants, in aggregate, including QSR mid-market and small kind of being down in the 50%, 60% range from a volume standpoint. Were not seeing anything near that as it relates to the health of our restaurant business from a revenue matter. So I think we feel very good about how were positioned in that space. To Jeffs point, the competitive landscape is shifting throughout this pandemic environment. And I think when we get to the other side of that, youre going to continue to see us grow our position and grow market share with a very healthy restaurant business. Again, thats leading with technology. And I think thats the important differentiator for our business versus a number of the other competitors we face.
Jeff Sloan: And I think Cameron is exactly right, Andrew. This is an area, as referred to our remarks, where I really think were going to pick up incremental share. I think our products are fantastic. As I said last quarter, we invested $50 million, 5-0 million, of capital in Xenial to bring it into production and commercialization. Its there today. We expect to have thousands of locations up and running. We have many day that by the end of this quarter, we really couldnt be more pleased. And I do think if you look at some of the fintechs or small private companies that raised a lot of capital over the last couple of years in that space, they have already announced massive layoffs and werent profitable in the first place in a good economic environment, thats kind of what we were referring to in our prepared remarks when we talked about gaining share coming through the crisis.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. Thats really helpful color. And as a follow-up, the Truist wins a nice one, obviously near and dear to my heart. Congratulations. Is that  would you characterize that as an event-specific win given the merger? Or do you think it signals more of a trend for banks to be reconsidering their issuing tech platforms broadly.
Jeff Sloan: Well, listen, I think at the end of the day, I think Truist said this at the time of their merger, the scale required for technology investing, whether youre a financial services company or a fintech start or whatever it is, that bar is only going up. So I think the idea of trying to find the best in-market provider for all these things, which we believe and hope and this also validates that we are, I dont think the idea is going away. I think the idea is really gaining steam on the technology side. So I think this is a continuation of the trend. Go back to what I said to David in a minute ago, look at Scotiabank. So Scotiabank in Canada, as I mentioned, had insourced their business for many years on the consumer and commercial side that was a very significant win for a business. And here is somebody who insource Truist that is already outsourced. But heres somebody who insource who decided to go outsource is probably one of the last remaining large Canadian financial institutions to do that. As Paul said, our pipeline is very full, and its full in the mix of things kind of globally. So I do think youll see ongoing outsourcing as the scale and technology required to compete effectively when that business goes up. Well be making more announcements probably in our second quarter call in July and August about the investments were making in cloud-based technology on  in our issuer business and I think that will just give you a taste as to what the complexity is and what the value is for providing market-leading solutions to the most complicated customers.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from comes from Ramsey El-Assal. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, guys. And thanks for taking my question. You had a really impressive quarter from a business development perspective. Obviously, you announced tons of new wins across the business. But in the context of the virus, have you had to adjust your sales process and is sales productivity being impacted kind of for the next couple of quarters in terms of having to move to a more virtual model? And just sort of as a follow-on question, in terms of rolling out the deals you signed, are there extended time lines? Is there any change in terms of the typical cadence of signing something and actually getting it to market?
Cameron Bready: Hey, Ramsey, good morning. Its Cameron. Ill start maybe on the first side, and Ill talk a little bit specifically about merchant. As you know, the sales cycle there is a little bit shorter than obviously in the issuing business. So its probably the one thats most relevant to the question youre asking. I would say, naturally, as you would expect, with our sales professionals working from home, with a lot of businesses closed or at least operating in a reduced environment during the pandemic, certainly, sales productivity has been impacted. What I would tell you is, overall, weve really been very pleased. And I would say even somewhat surprised with the level of productivity weve been able to achieve notwithstanding the pandemic. In our integrated business, I would say, new sales are running at about 80% of plan. In the last half of March and for the month of April in our relationship-led business, were somewhere in the 60% to 70% range of plan. So obviously, a little bit of an impact relative to what our budget expectations would have been. But I would say, quite frankly, very strong performance in the overall sales channels in all of our business throughout the pandemic. Its amazing how resilient and adaptable our team members are who are on the frontline of sales every single day. Theyre finding new ways to sell. Were obviously emphasizing products that are most in-demand in the market that were in today, including, of course, in AdvancedMD telemedicine where our bookings were up 35% year-over-year in the first quarter. They were up 64% in April. So we are finding ways to win. We are finding ways to sell. We are keeping the business momentum going as best we can through this challenging environment. And Id say weve been delighted with the success weve been able to have. I would say new sales across-the-board is one of the highlights that I would certainly want to focus on for our first quarter performance notwithstanding, obviously, the pandemic impacts. And I think that trend has continued in April, obviously, relative to what reasonable expectations would be in this environment.
Jeff Sloan: Ill add to what Cameron said before I go into the time line special, Ramsey, that just in our general payments business, only 3% to 5% of revenue in a given year is what is sold in that year and recognized in that year. So I think you have to keep it in perspective, most of what were selling has relatively little economic impact in that year and instead it carries over, obviously, into the following year. As it relates to extended time lines, it just depends on the business. Clearly, the Truist decision, the Scotiabank decision and issuer, those I dont expect to be impacted. Truist has goals coming out of its merger. And this time line is that competitive takeaway started well before the virus. That time line has not changed in terms of what their goals are. Id say the same thing on Scotiabank. There are businesses though, of course, as Cameron mentioned, like enterprise QSR, certainly our plans heading into this year, we probably would have sold a lot more hardware, software and equipment this year. And my guess is a lot of the 26,000 franchisees of our restaurant brands international, just to pick one, my guess is some of those will be deferred as people are just uncertain about the economic environment. And that goes a little bit that obviously dovetails with what Cameron just said about what the new sales impact is. You kind of sold it, but theyre going to wait a little bit on CapEx spending just to make sure that the environment is stable. Conversely, though, you have businesses like our omni product in Xenial and our Xenial point-of-sale product where the demand is high enough for online ordering where thats zooming ahead, which is why Cameron said, well in excess of what we assume. So undoubtedly, therell be some impact, but its really a tale of the vertical market and the geography that youre talking about.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thats super helpful. And then a quick follow-up along similar lines is on revenue synergies, on merger revenue synergies and just how youve had to kind of think through the realization of merger synergies in a climate where in some parts of your business volumes and to some limited degree, sales productivity and things like that are impacted. Has there been any type of reframing internally in terms of how you recognize the same synergies? Its super impressive that you kept the number regardless, but just curious if the virus has had any impact on the timing cadence pace or style of revenue synergy realization here.
Cameron Bready: No. Ramsey, its Cameron. Ill touch on that. Ill ask Paul to jump in if he adds anything to add as well. I would say, by and large, the revenue synergy expectations we had in the 2020 budget werent that significant to begin with. I would say the tactical synergies that we are working to execute against in the near term, things like selling Vital through the Heartland channel, cross-selling payroll into the legacy TSYS business, cross-selling our analytics and customer engagement platform into the legacy TSYS business, all of those initiatives remain very much on track. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we did roll out Vital into the Heartland channel in the first quarter, just as we said we would do. Were bringing it to Canada on an earlier timeframe than we had originally anticipated. Now the second quarter versus the third quarter, a lot of the investments we continue to make in the business, notwithstanding the pandemic environment are really geared towards ensuring that we can cross-sell and deliver products across the distribution channels we operate, both in the U.S. market as well as internationally as well, which will yield future revenue synergies that are part of the plan. And then I would say the discussions that really, we believe, will be important to achieving the longer-term expectations, $125 million over the three-year time frame, all of those continue. The transaction optimization initiatives that we have and are pursuing with a number of our large partners outside of the U.S., those continue to progress notwithstanding the environment were operating in. Opportunities to cross-sell our issuing platform into our existing acquiring customer and partner base outside of the U.S. and vice versa, those conversations continue to persist as well. So I think sitting here today, the conclusion is we remain highly confident in our ability to achieve at least $125 million of revenue synergies within the three-year time frame we set out when we announced the merger last year. And I would say, importantly, we gain confidence every single day in  as it relates to the momentum we can build by collaborating and leveraging the broad base of products and capabilities that we have by virtue of the merger. I think the OpenEdge excuse me, Global Payment Integrated example we gave in the prepared remarks as it relates to our ability to combine Cayan with the OpenEdge platform and Netspend to win a significantly large international, multinational software partner in that channel, that just gives you a flavor for the types of capabilities that we have today that really have come out of the merger.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thats terrific. Thank you so much for answering my questions.
Cameron Bready: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks. Glad to hear youre doing okay. Look, I mean I guess when we think about looking through the second quarter and 2020, to some degree, even now, given a lot of folks are doing that, I think. You do sound like structurally, youre going to potentially come out on the other side of this stronger given the wins youre having in the omni-channel capabilities. Can you, Jeff and Cameron, maybe just revisit the types of revenue you have that you think are resilient in what we would call a normal recessionary environment? Not today, but what type of revenue do you think you have that actually is more  what percentage is either software-centric or defensive in some ways just because I think its very different in a normal  even a tough downturn than today. And how  like how would you think you guys would perform on revenues versus that environment, lets say, versus what you would have thought pre-COVID-19?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Darrin, Ill start. I may have said this when we were together last time in terms of what a normal environment would look like. Obviously, were not in a normal environment today. So lets just start with our software businesses. And by that, I really want to start with issuer first. So our issuer business, I think what we said and Paul can obviously provide additional color here, but if you go back to the last recession and if you  in 2008 and 2009, and if you exclude those financial institutions that went out of business, so they dont  didnt exist thereafter, our issuer business grew through the last recessionary environment. So if our long-term target is mid-single digits, lets just call it 5%, to pick a round number, I would say 2% to 3% growth. So kind of call it 2.5% is what I would expect from issuer growth in a normal recessionary environment, which is what Paul saw, I believe, in 2008 and 2009. Business and Consumer, we really havent had either company, TSYS or Global, going back to the recession. I do understand that Netspend did grow substantially through the last recession. But as you know, that market and that environment, obviously, today has changed. And in fact, as we said in our prepared comments, that business is doing very well in April, as you would imagine, with $1.2 billion of stimulus funds being used on groceries and pharmacies and essentials being used in April. That is going  that produced a very big number for that business label, right? So obviously, its not a normal environment is the plan were trying to make for that business. So its kind of harder to say on Netspend. So between issuer and Netspend, youre talking about 35% of the revenue of the company. Now lets pivot to merchant, which is two-thirds of the revenue of the business. Lets start with our own software businesses, call it, by and large, about $800 million, $900 million of revenue or kind of thereabouts or about 10% of the company. I would say in a normal environment, those are pretty resilient. We have differences today. What are the differences? The difference today is that K-12 schools, a fantastic business for us. Software and payments, obviously, K-12 schools have been closed. So we havent had K-12 schools open for quite some time. Two-thirds of our revenue in our education, that K-12 is payment-based, the other third is pure software sales in that business. So obviously, this is a different ball of wax, to your point, than were used to. But in a normal recessionary environment, if thats a term you want to use, that business is pretty well inflated. And of course, we all expect our kids to be back at school in August and for that to recover. Obviously, Cameron commented in our AMD business, very healthy today. I think he gave you numbers on that. Our university business, online or off-line, very healthy today. So Id say in a normal recessionary environment, the $800 million to $900 million of own software revenue is very resilient. We already gave you commentary on  enterprise QSR is actually already hitting its sales today, right? And those are hardware and software sales. And then in our integrated business, it just depends on the vertical market. Thats the other piece of the business, call that 20%, plus or minus, 15%, 20% of revenue of the company. In an ordinary recession, going back to your question, people go to the dentist. They go to the chiropractor, they go to their health professional. They go to nail salons. They go to self-storage. So in a normal recessionary environment, thats pretty protected as well. So when you bring that all together, I think what I said in our and at your conference is our normal model, call it, ballpark 10% organic constant currency revenue growth, plus or minus, because we say 9%, 11%, that probably adds up to call it 5% or whatever the math is in a normal recessionary environment. Obviously, thats not the environment were in with K-12 schools closed and everything else that weve been describing on the call. But I would say ordinarily, were well into the mid-single digits in revenue, even in normal recessionary environment with the pieces I just gave you and well into the teams, if you compare it to our kind of typical 16% to 18% guide and earnings ex mergers, obviously, were doing better than that. As Paul articulated, we just produced 19% constant currency, obviously, with the virus for the first quarter. But in a normal environment, youre well into teens on earnings as well. And thats kind of what a normal recession looks like. And I think its similar to what I said in your conference last month.
Darrin Peller: Yes. I think its helpful to revisit that. Just one quick follow-up were getting from clients is just when we think about April, I know you guys said its slightly better or its shown an inflection, obviously, and some improvements. I mean, is there any data points you can give us in terms of second half March specific growth rates versus, lets call it, the last week of April growth rates in each of the key segments of your business? And then well just leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Absolutely. Darrin, its Cameron. Ill jump in on that, and Ill ask Paul maybe to provide a little bit more color around some of the specifics. Maybe Ill start in jumping off from Jeffs earlier commentary. If you look at our issuer business and our consumer business, which is about third of our overall business, I think weve generally seen those businesses roughly around flat to maybe down slightly in the current environment. Our issuer business is largely bundled pricing. We obviously do have some revenues that are exposed to transaction volumes. But by and large, that business is a pretty resilient business. And I think we saw that play out largely over the course of late March and the month of April as well. Same thing on the business and consumer segment. Were seeing that business benefit from the stimulus spending. It is a debit-oriented business. Debit skews towards consumer non-discretionary. Obviously, that provides benefits for our business and consumer segment. So again, when you put that together with issuer, the combined 35% of the company coming out of those two segments, really, by and large, is going to be around sort of flattish, which I think is a very, very good sign for the overall health of the business and I think it speaks to the resiliency of the overall model we have. Now pivoting over to the merchant business, and I was pleased to see that Visa and Mastercard was able to put out some market data last week because I think that provides a very good barometer for how the market is trending, and I think it creates a good backdrop for how were thinking about our own business performance. I would say our own data is trending very similarly to what youre seeing coming out of the networks if we look globally across all of our merchant businesses. More specifically, as you talk about North America, which is about 80% of our business today, I think our business overall as a revenue matter, is trending reasonably well relative to the metrics provided by Visa, in particular, around the credit trends. And I think those credit trends probably are a pretty good proxy for our overall North American business as a performance matter for the month of April. And heres really why. I think credit is probably a better metric for us than the combined or the debit trends theyre providing. Our business in North America skews towards more credit than debit, where we do have debit, it tends to be more in the petroleum space, and thats obviously been impacted by a variety of different factors, not just the pandemic over the first quarter. We do have good debit exposure, obviously, in the consumer business, as we talked about previously, which is a nice offset to that. But in merchant specific, we tend to skew towards more credit than we do debit to begin with. I would say secondly, our business does differ from the market. Visa and Mastercard represent the market. Obviously, were more vertically focused. So were not in travel. Were not in a lot of delayed delivery elements of the market that have been more heavily impacted. But the flip side to that is were not in large supermarkets. Were not in pharmacy, large pharmacy chains, to a large degree. Were not in Walmart or Target, those types of large retail environments. So we havent seen some of the positive trends on that side, but we certainly havent seen more the disaster as negative trends in travel as well. The other thing I would say about our business, and I mentioned this earlier, is were skewed more towards SMB. And those have been slightly more impacted, Id say, in this environment, some of the larger retailers as you think about our portfolio. But I would say that is more than offset by the fact that, as Jeff highlighted, we have vertical market businesses that have been very resilient. Certainly, health care, higher education, our enterprise QSR business have performed really well in this environment. That has served to offset some of the more SMB skewing that we have in the portfolio overall. So a bit of a long-winded answer, but I hope it gives you a sense of some of the color that were seeing in the North American market. I think when you blend all that together, its trending reasonably well. And the Visa credit, that is a good proxy for the performance weve seen in the North America business. Not surprisingly outside of North America consistent with what you saw from Mastercard in particular, I would say volumes are trending a little bit worse than what were seeing in North America. In Europe, the UK and Spanish markets have been in lockdown remain largely in lockdown now. Asia is a bit of a mixed bag. Obviously, weve been dealing with it for a more prolonged period of time. Some markets are starting to reopen, some remain closed. But I think if you look at all that together, its a little bit worse than North America, and I think thats consistent with what you saw coming out of Visa and Mastercard. So hopefully, that gives you a sense as to what were seeing in April overall. I think the business is holding up really well, all things considered, particularly when compared to the market data that were seeing coming out of the networks.
Paul Todd: Yes. And the only thing I would add on to that is, if you look at it from a margin standpoint, the cost actions that we took, we were on the front foot of this to move quickly as it relates to the cost actions. And if you even look at first quarter, the majority of the margin expansion came from our Issuer Solutions business, which also has a defensive aspect to it from a revenue standpoint. So as we go throughout the quarters, throughout the rest of this year, youll see margin expansion in issuer, youll see margin expansion in business and consumer. And were going to continue to kind of manage the margin, as Jeff said earlier around the dynamics of the recovery, but weve already laid out a very aggressive and implemented plan around margin expansion that positions us well for this environment.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Timothy Chiodo of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Timothy Chiodo: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. There seems to be an increasing emphasis on both e-com and omni, both in the near term and the long term, what are the themes thus far? I bring that up just in light of the recent Citi Global e-comm omni win that you had last fall, I believe it went live in December. Just wanted to see if you could maybe add some commentary, maybe not specific to that deal, if you can, great. If not, just in general, if theres a pipeline of potentially other large banks that are now looking for a similar type partner on a global e-com and omni basis.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Tim, its Jeff. Ill take a crack at that. So first of all, were delighted with our relationship with Citi. The U.S. and UK bins are live, those transactions are being piloted now and were very pleased with where we are. But if you take a step back for a second, we tried saying this in our prepared remarks, weve had a really good run in the first quarter and into April on e-comm omni. So the first thing I think I said in the prepared remarks is that was one of our best-performing business and up absolutely, I think, mid-single digits for the first quarter globally of 2020. That trend has continued into April. So worldwide ex T&E, and as Cameron said, only 2%, 3% of our company revenue-wise worldwide anywhere is in T&E. So were not really exposed there. But ex T&E, our e-comm omni business in April were up double digits, right around 10% for the month of April. So I think  and we gave a list in our prepared remarks, Cameron and I both did, of the wins that weve had in that business. So were really fortunate to be in the position were in. I think its showing in the first quarter, its showing in April. But importantly, I think as Visa and Mastercard called out and we did as well, I just think the virus and everything else is going to continue to shift toward further digitization of payments, further migration online. We gave a bunch of examples, Cameron and I did, in our prepared remarks about whats going on with online ordering, digital wallets the rest. And while were not in the delivery business, we are integrated to all the delivery services. So I think youre asking the right question. Those businesses have performed best for us in the first quarter and continue to perform that way worldwide into April.
Timothy Chiodo: Thank you very much.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks a lot Tim.
Jeff Sloan: Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning. Stay healthy and safe and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the EVO Payments Fourth Quarter and Year-end Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Ed O'Hare, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edward OHare: Good morning, and welcome to EVO Payments fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call is being webcast today, and a replay will be available through the Investor Relations section of EVO's website shortly after the completion of this call. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information, and actual results may differ materially from the views expressed in these statements. For additional information on factors that may cause our actual results to differ from the views expressed in any forward-looking statements made today, please refer to our earnings release and the risk factors discussed in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K, which will be available on our website. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, today's discussion also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. An explanation and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the nearest GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release available on our Investor Relations website. Today, we will discuss our fourth quarter and year-end 2019 performance. Joining me on the call is Jim Kelly, Chief Executive Officer; Tom Panther, Chief Financial Officer; Darren Wilson, President, International; and Brendan Tansill, President of the Americas. I will now turn the call over to Jim Kelly.
James Kelly: Thank you, Ed, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to EVO's fourth quarter earnings call. Before I provide my comments on EVO's performance, I'd like to introduce Tom Panther, our new Chief Financial Officer. Tom joined EVO about 3 months ago and is becoming well acquainted with our organization, having already traveled extensively to many of our global offices. We look forward to working with Tom. On today's call, we will review our results for the quarter, summarize our accomplishments for 2019 and discuss key strategic priorities for 2020. In the fourth quarter, EVO delivered 7% constant currency adjusted revenue growth, 13% adjusted EBITDA growth and 169 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin improvement when excluding a onetime benefit that we recognized last year. These results reflect the strong performance of our Direct and Tech-enabled divisions across both of our segments, coupled with our continuing operating efficiencies and acquisition integration efforts. In the fourth quarter, EVO's 8% overall adjusted revenue growth in the Direct division was primarily driven by our strong bank referral relationships outside the U.S., most notably, Citibanamex, PKO and the Bank of Ireland. Across our remaining bank alliances, we continue to see solid performance, consistent with previous quarters. Turning to our Tech-enabled division, in the fourth quarter, EVO once again demonstrated strong adjusted revenue growth across all markets. Overall, Tech-enabled revenue grew at 16%, excluding our domestic e-commerce business. In the U.S., Tech-enabled growth was driven by our ISV and B2B business units, which together grew at 17% in the quarter. Internationally, our Tech-enabled division is anchored by our ISV and e-commerce businesses, which grew at 15%. Before I turn the call over to Darren and Brendan, who will provide updates on EVO's segment performance, I'd like to highlight some of our many accomplishments for 2019. Beginning with our acquisitions, we made three tech-enabled investments and announced a new exclusive long-term relationship with Bci in South America. Our tech-enabled acquisitions expanded our distribution in Ireland and the U.K. with Way2Pay, Mexico with SF Systems and the U.S. B2B sector with Delego. While the immediate impact from these investments was small, they enhance our product offering and provide us early entry into these fast-growing channels. We are leveraging these investments to win new business and enable greater digital capabilities for existing customers through focused cross-selling efforts. Longer term, we expect the impact of our tech-enabled capabilities to significantly expand our distribution and become a more meaningful portion of the company's earnings. Additionally, the joint venture we announced with Bci reflects our execution and continued commitment to expand our geographic distribution into new regions as we partner with leading financial institutions. We continue to work through the regulatory process and make progress on our systems and processing readiness. As we've stated previously, we anticipate this business will demonstrate high revenue growth and accelerate our Direct division in the Americas. We are very excited to launch our operations in Chile and believe we are well positioned to expand further into South America as leading financial institutions seek to partner with independent acquirers to provide enhanced payment capabilities to their customers. Across the company, we have been very focused on a range of initiatives that deliver operating efficiencies and continue to expand our margins. During the year, we continue to leverage our shared service capabilities to deliver market-leading customer service and drive cost synergies as we move third-party processing and back-office functions to our main service centers. In 2020, we will continue to look to streamline our processes and leverage our existing infrastructure to maximize our operating synergies. Overall, I am pleased with our full year 2019 performance as we delivered constant currency adjusted revenue growth of 8%, constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth of 11%, normalized margin expansion of 82 basis points and increased cash earnings by over 30%. Tom will provide details on our fourth quarter performance and 2020 guidance later in the call. We remain very excited about the upcoming year. And I will now turn the call over to Darren to discuss our European business in detail. Darren?
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, European constant currency adjusted revenue grew at 12%. Within the segment, our Direct division demonstrated 12% constant currency adjusted revenue growth, which reflects the strength of our partnerships with leading financial institutions, coupled with our sales expertise and proprietary product offerings. Across our European markets, our Tech-enabled divisions also delivered solid constant currency adjusted revenue growth of 14% in the quarter as we continue to leverage our recent tech-enabled acquisitions and our Snap* e-commerce gateway solutions. I would like to comment on some of the highlights for the quarter, beginning with our Polish market, where we continue to sign national and multinational merchants as well as small and medium-sized merchants through the Cashless initiative. Since the program began 2 years ago, EVO has been the leading acquirer for merchants in this program by market share. Our success is further evidenced by our sales team winning the award for the top sales performance in 2018 and 2019 from the Cashless Poland Foundation. We are also continuing to successfully leverage our cross-border capabilities for our Poland-based multinational accounts throughout Central and Eastern Europe and now have over 140 multinational merchants across 5 countries. We believe that our underlying presence will be beneficial as we seek to develop future bank relationships in these small, fast-growing markets. Complementing our Polish business are our operations in the Czech Republic, where we have exclusive relationships with 2 banks, Moneta and Raiffeisen. Although our acquiring business there is still relatively small compared to the rest of Europe, we are quickly boarding new merchants to our platform and consistently demonstrating any revenue growth greater than 20%. In Spain, we remain pleased with the 20% adjusted revenue growth from our Liberbank alliance, as we market EVO's products and services under the bank's brand throughout the country. We have also expanded our direct sales force across Spain to diversify distribution beyond our bank referral channels. Further, in our Tech-enabled division, Snap*'s integration capabilities continue to deliver new gateway customers as well as their acquiring business through our one-stop shop payments offering. Turning to Ireland and the U.K., our business continues to demonstrate substantial adjusted revenue growth as a result of our bank referral relationship, our direct sales efforts and our growing ISV network. In the U.K., we remain excited about the success of our expanded Snap* gateway capabilities brought to us by ClearONE. In the fourth quarter, we continued to expand our Snap* product and launched into the U.K. restaurant sector via Snap*'s pay at table solution. In Ireland, we are also expanding our tech-enabled offering with our Snap* gateway, which we are leveraging to enhance merchant relationships and win new business. Since we enhanced Snap*'s capabilities to include unique payment options for primary and secondary scores in the market, we've signed over 90% of the acquiring business for new gateway customers. We will continue to cross-sell EVO's acquiring capabilities to schools and clubs in Ireland in 2020, as we also expand Snap*'s offering to enable card acceptance through SMS for other merchants. In 2019, we remain focused on delivering strong customer service and operational efficiency. We also worked diligently during the year to implement important regulatory-related infrastructure and processing requirements to support the strong customer authentication, or SCA, rollout as part of PSD2 compliance. These projects required numerous system and product upgrades and extensive communication with regulators, third-parties and merchants. We are well positioned to continue to deliver improved compliant capabilities to our customers that provide security measures in alignment with the new regulations. I will now turn the call over to Brendan, who will provide updates on EVO's businesses in the Americas. Brendan?
Brendan Tansill: Thanks, Darren, and good morning, everyone. The America's constant currency adjusted revenue grew at 4% in the fourth quarter when excluding the traditional division. Within the segment, our Direct division in Mexico demonstrated 13% in constant currency adjusted revenue growth, which reflects the strength of our Citibanamex relationship complemented by our local direct sales force. Our Tech-enabled division also delivered solid constant currency adjusted revenue growth in the quarter, driven by ISV and B2B growth in the U.S. of 17% and tech-enabled growth in Mexico of 21%. In our U.S. B2B business, we have recently integrated the Delego gateway capabilities into our B2B sales offering and are now leveraging its SAP integration to sign newer, larger acquiring customers and ERP referral partners. Following the acquisition of Delego, we now have full integrations to SAP, Microsoft and Oracle, in addition to a number of smaller ERP solutions. Going forward, we remain focused on expanding our ERP integration capabilities as we continue to leverage the unique technologies and referral networks of each ERP ecosystem to sign new business. In our ISV business, we continue to work with our dealer network and third-party providers to enhance our product and service offering for merchants using integrated point-of-sale systems in the U.S. We accelerated this initiative in 2019 and are continuing to execute on this strategy in 2020, as we strengthen our relationships with market-leading payment partners to drive distribution. Further, we continue to form new relationships with software vendors and dealers as we capitalize on the current industry disruption caused by the large mergers in 2019. Turning to Mexico. We demonstrated strong growth for the full year, driven by our referral relationship with Citibanamex, coupled with our tech-enabled growth in the market. Our Tech-enabled division grew approximately 20%, as we enabled e-commerce capabilities for many of our large corporate customers. We also enhanced our integrated Snap* offering with our acquisition of the SFS gateway in July and the expansion of our ISV network in Mexico throughout 2019. The success of our early tech-enabled focus is evidenced by our continued signing of new large merchants for acquiring via our market-leading integrations and new SME restaurants from our in-market exclusive partnership with TouchBistro, a leading restaurant POS provider in the U.S. and Canada. As an example, leveraging our e-commerce and integration capabilities, we signed one of the largest multinational merchants in the market at the end of 2019. We anticipate strong tech-enabled growth in Mexico going forward as we continue to build out our payments offering in the market through ISV relationships, the continued rollout of our Snap* e-commerce gateway and related tech-enabling acquisitions. Lastly, we continue to make progress establishing our joint venture in Chile. We are currently developing our processing solutions and related services in the market and are working with the regulators and the bank to obtain approval to legally establish the joint venture. As a result of this acquisition, we have elected to delay our U.S. and Mexico platform consolidation in favor of enhancing our Mexico platform and leveraging it to enable processing for Chile. Chile is now EVO's second market in Latin America, and we remain focused on additional expansion opportunities throughout the region. A key tenet of this expansion strategy is leveraging our existing processing platform and back-office functions in Mexico. Similar to our efforts in Europe, we have worked diligently throughout the year to leverage our existing infrastructure in the Americas to drive a greater customer experience and greater operating efficiencies. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom, who will now cover the financials in more detail. Tom?
Thomas Panther: Thank you, Brendan, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be here today as part of the EVO team. As Jim mentioned, EVO delivered strong top and bottom line growth this quarter. For the fourth quarter, adjusted revenue grew 7% on a currency-neutral basis. FX negatively impacted revenue by 60 basis points in the quarter as the euro and the Polish zloty continued to weaken compared to the prior year. On a currency-neutral basis, adjusted EBITDA grew 13% and margin expanded 169 basis points when normalizing for a one-time benefit in the fourth quarter of 2018 related to our Cashless program in Poland. Including this program, adjusted EBITDA increased 9% to $48 million and margin expanded 52 basis points compared to the prior year quarter. These solid results reflect the core revenue growth of our business, coupled with our continued focus on delivering operating efficiencies and integrating recent acquisitions. In Europe, segment adjusted revenue in the quarter grew 12% over last year on a currency-neutral basis. Within the segment, we saw fourth quarter Tech-enabled revenue grew 14% versus the prior year, driven by our sales in Ireland, Poland and Spain. The Tech-enabled division now represents 23% of European adjusted revenue. For the quarter, adjusted segment profit increased 15% and adjusted segment profit margin expanded 113 basis points compared to the prior year. We're normalizing for an increase in certain transitory expenses in the fourth quarter of 2019 related to the SCA implementation, the continued rollout of the Cashless program and discrete operating costs, primarily in Spain, related to system integration activities. When including these expenses, fourth quarter adjusted segment profit declined 13% compared to the prior year. Now turning to the Americas. This segment delivered solid core business performance as well. For the quarter, normalized adjusted revenue grew 8% when excluding the impact of our traditional and e-commerce businesses in the U.S. Adjusted revenue in Mexico grew at 14% in the quarter, which is a result of our strong bank partnerships and direct sales teams in the market, coupled with our growing Tech-enabled division. In addition, our U.S. ISV and B2B adjusted revenue grew on a combined basis at 17% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Overall, fourth quarter segment adjusted revenue increased 3% over the prior year on a currency-neutral basis. Adjusted segment profit for the quarter was $37 million, an increase of 17% on a currency-neutral basis. The Americas adjusted segment profit margin improved 490 basis points to 41% in the quarter, which reflects our revenue growth, conversion synergies and lower state tax rate. Turning to corporate. Adjusted expenses for the quarter were $6 million, which is consistent with our full year adjusted expenses of $24 million. As we have stated on previous calls, expenses related to our operations as a public company largely began in the second quarter of 2018. We continue to make investments in this area during 2019 in connection with EVO becoming a large accelerated filer. I'm pleased to report that we are now SOX compliant. Pro forma adjusted net income was $21 million for the quarter, reflecting growth of 40%. Pro forma adjusted net income per share was $0.24, up 33% compared to last year, driven by 9% adjusted EBITDA growth and a 20% decline in net interest expense, which is primarily the result of lower variable interest rates on our debt. At the end of the quarter, including all share classes and dilutive securities, we had 86.3 million shares outstanding, which is flat compared to the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we spent $12 million in capital expenditures, of which 44% was for point-of-sale terminals in our international markets. CapEx increased 24% versus the prior year quarter due to the timing of terminal and software purchases in Europe. However, for the full year, capital expenditures decreased by $12 million or 24% to $37 million versus the prior year. We ended the year with net leverage of 4.2x the trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA, which was down 30 basis points compared to 2018 and is inclusive of the 3 acquisitions we completed in 2019. Excluding these acquisitions, net leverage would have declined to 4x. Free cash flow, defined as adjusted EBITDA, less capital expenditures, less net interest expense, was $26 million, an increase of 16% over the prior year quarter. On a full year basis, free cash flow increased 67%. I'd now like to turn to our outlook. For 2020, we are providing guidance based on market trends, strategic objectives and growth expectations of our businesses. We expect 2020 full year revenue to range from $516 million to $526 million, growing 7% to 9% on a currency-neutral basis over 2019. As a reminder, effective January 1, 2019, EVO adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard, ASC 606, which causes us to now present revenue net of certain network fees we pay to the card brands. During 2019, we reported adjusted revenue, which made 2019 comparable to 2018 prior to the adoption of ASC 606. Going forward, we will report revenue on a basis that includes the adoption of ASC 606. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $173 million to $179 million, reflecting growth of 10% to 13% over currency-neutral 2019 adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to range from 33.5% to 34%, reflecting currency-neutral expansion of 80 to 130 basis points. Our pretax income on a GAAP basis is expected to be in the range of $17 million to $22 million compared to a pretax loss of $19 million in 2019. We believe pretax income is a more meaningful financial measure due to the impact our foreign tax earnings have on our effective tax rate. Pro forma adjusted net income per share is expected to range from $0.71 to $0.74 per share, which is an 8% to 12% growth rate over 2019 pro forma adjusted net income per share of $0.66. These enhanced performance expectations reflect positive operating leverage with revenue growth outpacing expense growth. With that, I will now turn the call back over to Jim.
James Kelly: Thanks, Tom. I will now turn the call over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. George Mihalos with Cowen. Your line is open.
Georgios Mihalos: So I guess first question for Brendan. You talked about pushing out the - or stopping the consolidation of the processing onto the U.S. platform. You're doing that out of Mexico. Is that a requirement there for Chile? Or is there any sort of rationale around there? Will that now be the hub for processing transactions across Latam?
Brendan Tansill: Yes. So good question, George. The intent with Mexico for the time being is to enable that platform in the same way that we've been able to the Poland platform as our back office and technology hub for the European markets. So that system is already obviously in Spanish language. That's applicable to nearly all of Central and South America, ex Brazil. And it has a lot of the capabilities that would be required to quickly stand up a system in Chile. So at one point, we had talked about the possibility of moving the Mexico platform onto the U.S. platform. But when this Chile opportunity came along, the Mexico platform could be enabled for processing in Chile far faster than our U.S. platform. And we pivoted to Chile given the revenue opportunity that we see there.
Georgios Mihalos: Okay, very helpful. And Tom, welcome aboard. Just a question. If we're looking for comparability purposes, the revenue guidance for 2020 versus 2019, what would that have been on an adjusted revenue basis? So maybe another way to ask it is, we have expected network fees to kind of grow in line with the 7% to 9% that you're looking for in the guidance for 2020.
Thomas Panther: George, thank you. It's good to be here. And to answer your question, yes, I think you would see network fees and gross revenues move in generally parallel paths. So the guidance that we were giving on a post-606 basis, you can think about as being pretty consistent on a pre-606 basis. But as I mentioned in my remarks, we're going to move to talking about revenue growth and overall business trends on a post-606 basis. So certainly, encourage you to move to that to stay and sync with how we'll be referring to the business on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Could you give us an update on EuroBic and Bci in terms of timing? I know it's a difficult question. With those 2, I mean, where are we in the process of moving them forward? And you mentioned already sort of making preparations on Bci. So how quickly would those get off the ground once you got the green light?
James Kelly: This is Jim. As it relates to EuroBic, we signed it well over a year ago, I think it was October a year ago. I think as some of you may have followed in the press, the bank has gone through a transformation. And this has been sold to a Spanish bank. There was some entry around one of the owners. It was a privately held bank up until, I guess, this transaction. And so in terms of our transaction, I think it is, at this stage, a wait and see. We had - in terms of the original agreement with that agreement had expired. We had been extending it month by month. We didn't want to extend it long-term because we didn't know what was going to happen with the bank. So we will engage with the new owner, and we'll get back to you as to what the future is as to whether we and the new potential owner will continue to move forward with the deal that we had struck with the - with EuroBic. In terms of Chile, we would be the first acquirer in the market. So we continue to work with the bank and the regulator to clear that process. There is progress. It is slower than probably what we would have expected in the beginning. But again, being the first in a market where the regulator has not seen a joint venture structure with an independent acquirer, having a majority interest, this is something new for the market. But otherwise, the relationship is progressing well. We - as Brendan was mentioning relative to the processing component of the relationship, we're continuing to build out capabilities. We're also looking for Visa, Mastercard also entering the market to be enabled during the spring/summertime period. So we're optimistic that we'll have some news to report as an update on the second quarter call.
Ramsey El-Assal: Great. One more for me. There's sort of a bifurcation in the business between - really, it seems almost like everything versus the North America sort of e-com and traditional channels. Obviously, you're executing really well on ISV. You're executing well on B2B. Can you talk about the slower growing business lines in the U.S.? Do you see those inflecting at some point? Is there a plan in place to see those inflect at some point? Or should we view those more as kind of like businesses that are sort of slowly bleeding off effectively?
James Kelly: Okay. So I'll take first the traditional. So EVO, if you went back to when it was formed in '89 through when I joined in, I guess, 2011, '12 time period, before international became part of our vernacular, that was just a traditional sales organization. It was not a processor, used to use Global Payments primarily as its core processing relationship. And it was feet on the street. It was telesales. It was kind of all that everybody else in the market did for 20 years domestically. That business that we define now as traditional and we discussed on the IPO, that business reflects largely individuals, agents or ISOs that have exited the business or have exited the relationship with EVO. It's not a core focus of the company as it relates to that group. So that is a runoff. There's not a prospect of that returning to a growth status because those people, in some instances, have retired. Now the flip side is it's a very profitable piece of business. So it's painful for us to watch it atrophy. But over the last 7 years, we've taken the profits of that business and invested in Mexico or Poland, Ireland, et cetera. And that has been - the strategy is that bleeds off, we've been moving into higher growth markets. B2B is another example that you mentioned, ISVs, where we're seeing very strong organic growth. So that one is going to continue to move in the direction that it has been moving, which is essentially attrition in the U.S. market. In terms of e-commerce, we've discussed on previous calls. Our e-commerce business was not based around a gateway. We were the acquirer for other gateways. Authorize.Net is one example of that. And there's been a maturing as well, at least as it relates to that type of a relationship. And we've taken steps to try and develop our own capabilities domestically, but it is still a relatively sizable piece of business in the U.S. We see it as a drag on our overall U.S. growth. But it is not a business like traditional that we're not putting an effort to see a reversal of the trend. But at this point, we anticipate at least for 2020 it will be a continued drag against the other two primary businesses in the U.S.
Operator: Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just a follow-up on George's question. I wanted to ask on margin. So you had some good expansion here in 2020, maybe the Chile's standup costs are a little bit less, of course, operating leverage. So any step function changes we need to consider as we walk through the balance of the year on margin, just curious here between platform conversions, investments and then traditional operating leverage?
James Kelly: Yes, I think a lot of - Tien-Tsin, I think a lot of it is - well, it is around operating leverage of the business. It's trying to maintain the cost structure. As you know, we're essentially all in-sourced processing. So whether it's Europe, Mexico or the U.S., we focus very heavily on processing off our own systems, which is largely a fixed cost. And then just managing the rest of the cost, whether it's corporate or sales expenses, I think that's the biggest driver. Now at the same time, we've seen the benefit of incentives from schemes, where they ask us to support a new brand or initiative, and we've had conversion benefits as well that benefit the margin line. As we'd said on the initial IPO, 50 to 75 basis points, I think we've been in that range or above that range since we went public. It continues to be a focus of the company to be as efficient as possible without starving out investments or continuing to grow. As you know, we've also, last year, made 5 acquisitions, inclusive of the relationship with Bci. In terms of Bci, there's not any significant cost in the P&L for Bci. One of the reasons, as Brendan described, that we're leveraging the Mexico infrastructure. So I guess, there's some. We took an extra floor in the building in Mexico to be able to set up the infrastructure to support customer service out of that office, at least initially. Longer term, we'll have customer service in the market. But there was not a back book on Bci to buy. So similar to Ireland, it will be a straight start-up with extremely high-growth for many years, but we'll absorb some losses, and we'll come back to you and describe what those are once we got clearance to go from the brand's connectivity as well as the regulator. And I think that's going to be a very good story for us, accelerating growth in the Americas, plus it will be the first time into South America. There's other opportunities in adjacent markets that we're also excited about.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. That's good news. It's good news. Jim, maybe just as a bigger picture question for 2020. What do you think will carry the growth in 2020 that's different than 2019 in terms of contribution or maybe some positive surprises? And the same thing on the deal front. Do you expect it to be a busier deal year in 2020 versus '19?
James Kelly: I think on the positives, one of the things we've tried to do here is build a business that year-in and year-out is a consistent grower, placing our investments. If you take aside the previous question of traditional and the current e-commerce situation, e-commerce is a very strong business for us in Mexico and across Europe. The ISV business has been very good for us here domestically. And we've seen great progress now in Ireland, in Spain, in Mexico as well. We've mentioned several times TouchBistro. We just signed a very large customer in the country because of that platform. So I think you're going to continue to see these smallish appearing tech-enabled type of platform. So it's not software. It's enabling people who are in the software business, but that is going to continue to accelerate growth. And you can see the growth outside those 2 markets that were just described, e-commerce and traditional. The growth is very healthy across the company. And so I don't know that it's materially different this year versus '19. I think in all instances we're going to continue to invest in stuff that will continue to accelerate growth. I would say on the M&A front - I mean, this is a very a common response. I mean, we feel very good about the prospects. We've bought a lot of companies since I've been here. I would say, as a public company, it is a positive because people know more about us. We are excited. I'm excited about the pipeline of opportunities. And for us, those opportunities are centralized around financial institutions and more of these tuck-in type tech opportunities. So yes, I would be disappointed if we don't come back to you this year with some more bank deals.
Operator: Chris Kennedy with William Blair. Your line is open.
Cristopher Kennedy: Just wanted to dive a little bit more into the B2B opportunity and some of the things that you're doing to capture that market.
Brendan Tansill: Yes, good question. So yes, we've made - we bought a business, Sterling, in January of '17, principally for the ISV business. And what that business really got us into was the reseller channel, which is probably the most pervasive way software companies go-to-market here in the U.S. But as part of that Sterling acquisition, we bought a business segment based in Cincinnati, Ohio that focused specifically on B2B accounts. And they did so in a very direct manner. So they would set up leads through an inside call center, and then they would follow-up that lead with either an inside sales closer or an outside sales rep that would go visit the merchant location and sign the merchant. And the premise there was around savings. That through Level 2, Level 3 transaction data we have the ability to lower the cost of acceptance, reduce interchange and then the premium that one would pay for card acceptance versus ACH is moderated in some way. And then in addition to the business model that I just described, one of the things that the business also had done historically is offer integrations to smaller boutique ERP operations. And we saw the growth of that business over the ensuing 12 to 18 months and got incredibly excited. And so what we've done subsequent to the acquisition of Sterling is now bought 2 additional tech tuck-ins along the lines that Jim mentioned, based on Tien-Tsin's question. And those tech tuck-ins were first, Notice Technologies out in Anaheim, California. Notice focuses on Microsoft ERP solutions. And then subsequent to Notice, we bought a business most recently - very recently in the third quarter of last year, up in Kitchener, Ontario. And that business, Delego, focuses on SAP. And then subsequent to the acquisition of Notice, we took the technology there, the gateway that they have called PayFabric, and we integrated PayFabric into Oracle, and that now is integrated to both the on-prem and cloud-based Oracle ERP stacks. So if you kind of bundle all that together - and we've now done some work in the background to integrate the technology stacks of Delego and Notice, we now have integrations to the 3 largest ERP players out there: Microsoft, Oracle and SAP. And I guess, the big one that we'd obviously be missing is NetSuite. NetSuite, owned by Oracle, but a very different technology solution. And why our ERP solution is exciting to us, 2 reasons. The first is no different than through the integrated payments channel. When we integrate our payment acceptance solutions into ERP solutions, EVO becomes much more difficult to fire. We become - we develop a much stickier customer relationship. We see our attrition go down considerably. But then the second benefit is we can go to these ERP resellers and they become an extension of our distribution. So scale is difficult when we're calling merchants one by one over the phone and saying, "Can I come see you next Tuesday." But if I have a team of folks that are installing Microsoft, Oracle and SAP and as part of that install they're mentioning that they have a relationship with a company that offers an integrated payment acceptance solution to that ERP, it will shorten the working capital cycles. It will lower their loss rates for failure to collect and all that kind of good stuff. And we bundle all that with Level 2, Level 3 transaction data, so the cost of acceptance is moderated in some way. Now all of a sudden, the premium to accept card becomes even more tolerable. And then on top of all that, the channel gives us access to a customer size that we would otherwise - that would otherwise be inaccessible to EVO. So we have merchants there that are 10 or 15 or 20x the size of what we would board in the direct or ISV channel because these merchants are large B2B merchants, and we also are able to support our merchants that are referred to us by Deutsche Bank through that channel as well because they're all roughly the same size and the customer needs are roughly equivalent. And then the final piece to that is the B2B opportunity is - I know you directed the question at me here in the U.S. but Delego's merchants, as an example, are absolutely global in nature. So they have almost as many accounts in Europe as they would have here in the U.S., and we see the opportunity to be global because clearly, Oracle, SAP and Microsoft are targeting a very global audience as well.
Cristopher Kennedy: Great. Appreciate the color. And I guess, just on the current revenue base of your B2B, is it mostly software and you hope to grow the payments component going forward?
Brendan Tansill: No, the opposite. No, it's mostly payments with some software. The software is the wedge that we lead with, but then we sell the acquiring right on top of it. And we're - in the past, these software companies that we've acquired, they've been Switzerland. They've been - they've made their software solutions available to other acquirers in the market. What we're finding great success in doing is bundling the sale, and we can give you the software a little bit cheaper if you accept acquiring from EVO, and we're seeing a huge closure rate with EVO as the acquirer behind the software solution integrating payment acceptance into the ERP.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So my question is to try and understand the difference in transaction growth versus the revenue growth, both for North America and Europe. And then I have another question.
James Kelly: Could you just say again, Ashwin? So it was transaction growth in North America versus revenue growth?
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Versus the revenue growth. Yes, I mean, almost 18% transaction growth versus roughly 4% FX...
Thomas Panther: Ashwin, it's Tom Panther. Yes, so you'll continue to see the mix of our business and the type of volume that we process shift. And so what you have...
James Kelly: Sorry, we hit mute by accident. We'll start that over. Go ahead.
Thomas Panther: Yes. So you'll continue to see some of the mix of our business shift, where you'll see larger merchants pushing high-volume type transactions. That's particularly true on the European side. In some cases, you see some pricing compression, where the revenue per transaction has come down, and that's what's driving the revenue.
James Kelly: Ashwin, specific to North America, we were fortunate to pick up - I think we had the credit side. I know we had the credit, and we moved to the debit. We picked up the debit side of an existing customer in Mexico. This is a huge customer. It's probably in the top 5 in the country. We picked up all their debit volume. And that just kind of came flooding in, in the third or fourth - end of the third, beginning of the fourth quarter. So that's one of the reasons you see the kind of disconnect together with what Tom was saying. So when you push the U.S. and Mexico together, it shows a little bit of an anomaly because the U.S. is growing at a much slower rate, but we have a very high transaction growth rate and it's profitable, but very high transaction growth rate this year until that merchant lapse, which won't be until the third quarter this year in Mexico.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. And then a similar question for Europe. And then I might as well squeeze in - my clarification question was on ASC 606. Just to clarify, if there is any impact on profits or the changes that entirely flow through associated with network fees.
Darren Wilson: Ashwin, it's Darren Wilson here. Just to add to Tom and Jim's comments. For Europe, we've seen some large corporate evolution in pricing and volume in terms of continuing to sign large customers. But really, the trends through Europe are driven by two major drivers. One is a continued evolution to contactless. And contactless payments, the tap and go, is obviously lower transaction values. And then secondly, the Cashless initiative - the Cashless Foundation initiative in Poland continues to grow, which is micro merchants, again, seeing lower value transactions. So those are the principal drivers for Europe.
Thomas Panther: And Ashwin, I think also in your question was around 606. For EVO, that's just a geography matter. Just a matter in terms of classification of those network fees. So no profitability impact or timing of revenue recognition with respect to our business.
Operator: Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Kartik Mehta: Maybe, Darren, a question for you, just on - I realize you don't have a large business in the U.K., but any implications from Brexit on the European business.
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Kartik. Just thoughts again. So there are mixed trends that you're seeing that are coming from the schemes or just kind of industry reports in terms of the potential Brexit shock. I think there is uncertainty, and we've seen that for a few quarters now where the Visa reports have shown quarter-on-quarter on the fundamentals kind of stabilizing or a slight debt, nothing significant. Overall, I think it's a watch and see. I think now that there is certainty in terms of the date and kind of processes in terms of the trade deals to be struck, I think there's still a watching brief on that in July - end of July will be a key milestone as to what the trade deals finally look like. I think the reality is Europe needs the U.K. and vice versa for trade. So we'll watch this space, but I think it's just - it is a watching brief.
Kartik Mehta: And Jim, I think you answered this question a little bit when Tien-Tsin asked about acquisitions. And I was just wondering, you focused on trying to do some FI alliances. And is that where the opportunities are? Or is that where EVO's focus is right now because that's where you've had a lot of success?
James Kelly: I think it's a little of both. My - doing this now, 20 years, I think the key to our success or one of the keys is building great distribution, similar to what Brendan was describing on B2B with ERP relationships. You can employ a lot of people to knock on doors. I mean, that's - definitely passes, I think, for many, many, many years. But I think we're very good at forming relationships with leading financial institutions and each of the deals that we've put together, and we have something like 14 or 15 financial institution relationships to-date. All of them are doing extremely well. Even with Santander, we continue to move forward constructively. So it's a model that's worked. It's worked very well for us. It's worked well for many of our competitors. It is our - one of our core focuses together with finding opportunities on the tech-enabled side because one of the things that brings a financial institution to a company like ours is the product set and capabilities that we offer them. So I think it will be a combination of the 2 as opposed to driving into point-of-sale software. That's not a core focus of ours at this time.
Kartik Mehta: And then just one last question. Tom, maybe you said this, I missed it, I apologize if you did. Just CapEx expectations for 2020.
Thomas Panther: Yes. For start off, our 2019 point, we were at about $35 million. That's down 25% compared to the prior year. I think where you'd kind of look at 2020 is kind of flattish from there, kind of plus/minus small amounts. I think we'll continue to be opportunistic with respect to investment. We want to do the right thing with respect to taking advantage of investment opportunities and capital allocation. But I think, looking forward, we'd be kind of flattish off of our 2019 run rate now that we've kind of reset the bar after some increases the last couple of years.
Operator: Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: My question was for Darren, I guess, first off. Darren, if I look at the numbers, the quarter, it was 12% constant currency growth, which is up at least 300 basis points, I think, from last quarter. So just trying to pinpoint the driver of the acceleration. I know tech-enabled has grown well, but was there anywhere in particular that pushed the growth rate higher?
Darren Wilson: Bryan, I think you just answered my question there. That's exactly where we're seeing significant growth in multiple markets. As I said, we're seeing U.K., Ireland, Spain, Poland, key markets, where, I think, as Brendan has said, in terms of the stickiness and the margin opportunities is where the success is coming. So I think you answered the question.
James Kelly: I just would add to that - I'd add to that, Bryan. Because we're anchored in the ISV business through the Sterling acquisition and then before that when we acquired Snap*, one of the things we did maybe three years ago, four years ago is get the GMs from each of the markets together here in the U.S., actually in our Tampa office, where Sterling was located or is located to explain what ISV looks like. Because if you come from markets where ISV are still relatively small, it's not something that a financial institution or people coming from financial institutions would otherwise really pay that close attention because most of their distribution comes through branches. And really, to the credit of Darren and Brendan and the GMs in each of these international markets, they've done an outstanding job finding opportunities with ISVs and finding things like Way2Pay and ClearONE, SFS in Mexico and more to come to be able to make this a bigger component of our business. And I think as everybody knows, first-mover advantage creates a level of stickiness. So while these are fast-growing international markets anyway because of the shift from paper to plastic, we're also going to get the benefit of the mix shift from traditional point-of-sale with the terminal to an integrated solution. So we expect that will be a bigger part of the company, and therefore, a faster-growing business over time.
Bryan Keane: Okay, helpful. And then as a follow-up, Brendan, thinking about Mexico, I know the networks have called out some weakness in Mexico. Just want to get your thoughts on the business there as you see it going forward.
Brendan Tansill: Yes. We haven't seen, I mean, the weakness that you're referencing in our Mexico business. That business is well positioned now. Last quarter, we made one of the technology tuck-in investments that Jim referenced earlier, SF Systems, which has, I think, differentiated our ISV offering. And then I know in the third quarter, we were quite excited and spoke to you guys a little bit about our new partnership with TouchBistro. So we've kind of shifted the business. I think one of the things that we talk about when we do these bank deals, Jim's mandate, is you buy a business that's entirely predicated on bank referrals. And then over 3, 4 years, you get it from 100% bank to something more like 50% bank. And so we've aggressively moved our direct sales strategies into the market with telesales. We've enhanced our direct sales effort in the market by enhancing the field sales group and then SF Systems enhancing our ISV strategy. And then finally, the introduction of EVO's European gateway, IPG or Snap*, that is now enabled for the Mexico market. And so you add all that together, and the answer is that our Mexico business continues to perform at rates that we consider to be quite attractive. And I'm not seeing same-store sales growth declines or volume declines in any meaningful way.
James Kelly: The other thing I'd mention is the brands as it relates to Mexico have really seen almost exclusively international transactions. So Mexico is still a relatively closed market as it relates to a Mexican issued card to somebody who's from Mexico. That card doesn't go out to Visa, Mastercard currently. Now that, I think, will change over time. So I think if they were talking about slower transactions, I didn't see that news, but it would be predominantly travel into the country from people outside the country.
Operator: Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey: I appreciate you squeezing me in here toward the end. Jim, I was hoping to get perhaps an update on Santander and the competitive environment in Poland. It sounds like maybe some of those headwinds - it feels like they're easing a little bit. And I noticed Santander pushing into Mexico, which is kind of in - for acquiring, which is kind of in contrast maybe to what they're doing in Spain. So I wondered, just maybe big picture, if you can talk about that and how you think those 2 markets, in particular, are going to inform the performance this year?
James Kelly: Okay. And we'll try not to squeeze you in the end. The next time we'll get you up earlier.
Andrew Jeffrey: That's okay. I don't mind hanging on.
James Kelly: We're not taking on. We actually got a bunch of ex-SunTrust people here these days. So we're favorable to SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey: That's right. I'll keep that in mind.
James Kelly: Anyway, as it relates to Santander, as I said earlier, it's not the ideal relationship because it wasn't formed on the basis of them taking us. They bought a bank that we were affiliated with. And I think both parties have tried their best to coexist in a structure that neither of them were originally planning on putting together. We saw stronger sales referrals last week. One week doesn't make a year, but I know the team in Spain, our group continues to do a really good job working with them. We've aggressively moved our merchants out of the market. We're almost essentially done. We've got a couple of big merchants that have lots of locations, and they have special needs in terms of processing requirements, but we hope by the first half of this year that we've moved all that stuff off of the centralized system. And if you recall, as we called it out last year, the consolidation that the bank went through at the branch level is - should lap by the first half of this year. So we would - I don't know that I can say the worst is behind us, but their consolidation efforts are done. It's more about investment and growth. So that aligns with what our interest in. As we've said several times, we have a growing ISV business there. So that's becoming a bigger piece, bigger share of our new business. So that helps propel growth. And we have a bank relationship with another regional bank in the market that's done extremely well. So Santander was definitely a headwind in '19, and it's not completely behind us, but we are feeling better. And the second one was in Poland. Poland is - there's several competitors that you would know well upon is in the market has been for a long time. And First Data was in the market first back when they did Polcard. I think it was like 2006 or 2007. So it's a competitive market. There's a smaller player that has been very aggressive, as you've seen - as we've talked about. Our transaction growth and our revenue growth has not matched because our transactions are in the teens, and our revenues are in the high single to low double digit. And that has been price compression from competitors in the marketplace. But other than maybe city in Mexico, this is one of our biggest relationships with the bank, which owns 1/3 of the business. It's a great relationship all the way to the top of the house there. And I think we'll weather any competitive threats in the marketplace. I think we're extremely well positioned as it relates to product, and it is our core processing, as Darren mentioned, is in Poland. So we're quick to react to market needs. We are the leader in the market on the cashless side against our competitors. So we'll see some periodic impact from competitive aggressiveness, but we think we're okay.
Operator: Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Joseph Foresi: I know the call is fairly long. So I'll hopefully just ask 1. We know about your largest areas from a geographic perspective and you talked a little bit about newer offerings like B2B. Maybe you could just frame for us the top 2 or 3 things that you're focused on, either from a geographic or offering perspective? And then I wanted to get any sense from you if there's been any change on the competition side, particularly in Latin America, with some of the things that companies like Mercado Libre and stuff we're doing?
James Kelly: Okay. I mean, if I understand the first question on geographic. So South America is a core focus. And we obviously want to get Chile up and going as fast as possible and as I said working it through with the regulators. I would say also on the geographic side is building out existing markets. It's much easier for us to form relationships in Europe, let's say, because we have big infrastructure in Europe. We're one of the leaders in Europe. We have all the processing in place, products in place, people in place. So I think you'll continue to see us build out in existing markets where there are other bank opportunities without crowding out the existing bank relationship as well as going to new countries. There's lots of opportunities across Central and Eastern Europe and even on the Western Europe side. I think the other piece would be Asia Pacific, putting aside the current prices around the coronavirus, Asia Pacific to us is an opportunity, but we would not go to that market or that region without finding a strong bank partner to be associated with. On the technology side, I would say, e-commerce is a very big focus in all our markets, including the U.S. We saw - see strong growth across Europe and in Mexico, and we have those capabilities in-house. We acquired a platform about 3 years ago and the team that's running that continues to do very well in bringing the capabilities market by market. In terms of competition, there's - our competitors have recently consolidated. I don't know that anything has materially changed domestically and internationally. We're up against whomever also offers payment services, but I don't hear a lot of tripping from our sales or GM group about anyone in particular.
Operator: We have time for one final question. Mike Del Grosso with Compass Point.
Michael Del Grosso: Just one more, I guess, on Poland, a bit of an esoteric question, I suppose. But there's been some rumors of - well, some headlines on bank consolidation there as far as PKO. Could you briefly comment on your business there, your relationship with PKO? And perhaps what you're seeing as far as an emerging opportunity or other consideration there?
James Kelly: Sure. I mean, there was some - there was last year, BNP acquired a bank that we had a relationship with, which is Raiffeisen, which is a Central European - Eastern European bank chain of probably 13 different countries. I don't - I haven't heard anything specific. I can see if Darren has some color on that, but I haven't heard anything specific as it relates to that. Our bank has roughly 24% market share. So it's a leader in this space. I don't know they will discuss those type of plans with us. I don't know that they wouldn't expand to include another financial institution, but I don't know of anything at this time. Darren, do you want to add to that?
Darren Wilson: Sure. Thanks, Jim. I think there's always rumors in the market about activity. Poland's a hotbed of activity. Suffice to say, as Jim said, we've got a very strong relationship with PKO, very active in the cashless activities with us, a great distribution team, channel, also supporting our tech-enabled solutions, our omnichannel e-commerce strategy as well. So the relationship could not be stronger. But sure, on the back of, as Jim said, Raiffeisen changes, there continues to be noise in the market as it does in every market about potential consolidations. But we're very pleased and very active still with PKO.
James Kelly: And just to add to this. When we formed this relationship in 2013, it's our longest for me on record as well, a 20-year joint venture. And I've seen some articles about them buying other banks in the marketplace, but that would - our expectation is that would just roll into our existing joint venture. As I said, it's a great relationship. We speak to them daily locally, and I do as well with the senior group. And I think it would be great if they bought another bank. That would just be an opportunity for us to have greater distribution and potentially more share.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Jim Kelly for final remarks.
James Kelly: Well, thank you all for joining the call this morning and your continued interest in EVO.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
James Kelly: Thanks, Operator.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Global Payments 2019 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for your questions and answers. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference call be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith: Good morning. And welcome to Global Payments third quarter 2019 conference call. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements about expected operating and financial results. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted net revenue plus network fees, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are; Jeff Sloan, CEO; and Cameron Bready, President and COO and Paul Todd, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, Winnie. We are delighted to have completed our landmark merger with TSYS this quarter, bringing together two industry leaders and positioning the new Global Payments as the premier pure-play payment technology company at scale globally. We successfully closed this transformative partnership on September 18, just 3.5 months after we announced our agreement in late May and well ahead of our initial expectations. Our ability to execute on an accelerated timeline was made possible by the highly complementary nature for our market leading payments and software technology businesses, this strong alignment of our corporate cultures and the unrivaled expertise of the 24,000 people across our combined organization. I could not be more excited about the future opportunities for all of our stakeholders. Our terrific third quarter results highlight the continued momentum in our business which is being fueled by broad based strength across our relationship-led and technology businesses and underpinned by consistent ongoing execution. In the midst of the largest integration, we have undertaken to date we again delivered double-digit revenue growth, expanded adjusted operating margin by 80 basis points and produced adjusted earnings per share growth of 18%. We are very grateful for the hard work of our colleagues that has brought us to this point. And we also accomplished of these results while simultaneously expanding our strategy to be the partner of choice for the most complex financial institutions worldwide. To that end, we are thrilled to announce we have signed new partnership Desjardins, Canadas leading financial co-operative group; and Citi, one of the largest money center banks globally. These new competitive wins with marquee partners across multiple geographies further validate the distinctiveness of our pure-play payments model. Starting with the Desjardins, we reached an agreement to purchase the Qubec based bank's existing portfolio of approximately 40,000 merchants and have executed an exclusive referral partnership to provide acquiring solutions to its clients for next decade. Desjardins selected Global Payments as a direct result of the breadth and depth of our technology payment solutions, local and global expertise, comprehensive distribution, modern architecture and infrastructure, and our unrivaled track record of execution over many decades. We expect this transaction to close by early 2020. We were also excited to have been selected by Citi to partner to offer payment acceptance services to its multinational banking clients on an omnichannel basis. Our ability to offer highly competitive payment solutions physically and virtually in more market seamlessly than our peers differentiates Global Payments and this partnership capitalizes on our local market expertise and industry leading unified commerce platform, or UCP to provide a true omnichannel experience. We expect to be in market with Citi by year end 2019. We look forward to working with Desjardins and Citi to bring best-in-class solutions to their merchant customers around the globe. We are winning every day in the marketplace with the uniqueness of our strategy and we are very proud of the company we keep. In addition to our new preliminary agreement with Citi, we recently signed several significant global omnichannel customers including with UK based online luxury retailer, MATCHESFASHION and a rapidly expanding modern high tech hotel chain, Eurotel. We also continue to expand UCP. We are now live in the United States in addition to Canada and Asia-Pacific and will fully roll out UCP in the UK over the next two weeks. Turning to our integrated and vertical market businesses. OpenEdge, once again, delivered strong growth during the third quarter, driven by our ability to provide a truly integrated ecosystem across more vertical markets and more geographies than our peers. And we maintained our consistent track record of growth in our own software portfolio as our strategy of delivering the full value stack in key vertical markets is creating deeper, richer and more value-added relationships with our customers. Our combination with the TSYS significantly accelerates our technology-enabled software-driven mission establishing Global Payments as the leading provider of integrated payment solutions, own software in both merchants initialing and omnichannel capabilities in the most attractive markets globally. On a standalone basis, TSYS produced consistent results for the third quarter. Performance at TSYS merchant business improved, resulting in meaningful revenue acceleration. These results were achieved while making significant progress on integration, contributing substantially to an increase in our expected revenue and cost savings expectations just a few weeks post close. Our strategy of the combined merchant businesses remains focused on cross-sells of complementary products, further penetration of adjacent distribution channels and rollout of UCP to the TSYS customer base. In addition, TSYS' issuer solutions business recently completed new long-term agreements with the Central Trust Bank in North America and leading retailer Riachuelo in Brazil. These were competitive takeaways, providing further validation of our combined pure-play payment service. And we also expanded existing contracts with Virgin Money Nationwide Building Society and Metro Bank. Most notably, we expect growth to accelerate in this business as the issuer solutions team successfully converted the Walmart portfolio on behalf of Capital One earlier this month. This market leading business has a full pipeline today and the expanded breadth of our combined 1,300 FI partnerships provide significant untapped opportunities for new issuer and merchant referral relationships. Our strategy to accelerate growth in issuer solutions involves modernizing its platforms, cross-selling existing relationships globally and extending the product suite. As customers move to cloud-based solutions, we believe that Global Payments can enhance the development of next-generation products and services. Turning to the consumer solutions business. Earlier this month, we announced a partnership with Samsung to integrate the Netspend digital MasterCard into Samsungs mobile wallet and provide a variety of payment solutions including P2P. Branded Samsung Pay Cash, this solution allows smartphone users to establish a re-loadable balance and whole funds for use, including spending and budgeting, opening a significant pool of new customers for this business. Our differentiated strategy at Netspend consists at Netspend consists of product extensions into P2P and B2B segments, as well as select international expansion. In addition to the recently announced P2P solutions like Samsung, we are building product offerings currently to dramatically enhance the scale and scope of Netspend's B2B offerings. Domestically, we expect Netspend's Paycard products to help expand Heartland's payroll offering. We also see additional use cases for Paycard in restaurants, one of our largest vertical markets, as well as in our gaming business, which is among the largest in North America. Finally, we believe we can bring Netspend into new markets, based on Global Payments' existing acquiring partnerships outside the United States in short order. The substantial progress we have made in just a few short weeks since we finalized our partnership, provides us with the confidence to now raise our expectations for both revenue and expense synergies. Importantly, we expect the integration actions we have already initiated to generate in excess of $100 million of expense benefits on an annualized basis, meaning that we believe we can achieve our 2020 accretion goals announced in May, even if we were not to undertake any additional actions next year, and, of course, we intend to do more in 2020. Cameron will provide you with the specific details on our updated targets in a moment, but let me highlight a few of the revenue synergy opportunities already planned that give us a clear line of sight towards achieving our goals. First, our efforts to align our merchant organizations and go-to-market strategy in the US are well underway and we expect to start cross-selling products including Bio TSYS, Genius and ProPay, as well as the subscription-based engagement and analytics and vertical software solutions in 2020. Specifically, we expect the capabilities of ProPay to provide value-added products like multiple disbursement capabilities and web-based Sales Select and Heartland. Were also laying the groundwork so we can begin to deliver products like products like Data Final POS, Genius and ProPay to additional geographies internationally and enable TSYS' legacy customers outside of the United States. Second, we are already engaged in preliminary discussions with our existing global bank partners across three continents on issuer processing opportunities for TSYS. We have just returned from Europe and we believe that the market is ready for processing capability domestically and cross-border in geographies like United Kingdom, Central Europe, Spain Ireland, and closer to home Canada. By marrying issuer processing with our acquiring capabilities, we can emulate many of the aspects of the virtual close loop, as well as provide strong customer authentication internally which is now the law of the land across Europe. These opportunities are in addition to core merchant referral relationship possibilities from existing TSYS FIs and private retailers to Global Payments. Third Netspend is actively working on new B2B, B2C and P2P capabilities and opportunities including for our restaurant and gaming customers, as well as in new geographies. Netspend has already proved fertile ground for new merchant referral relationships among its larger distribution partners. We have found a true partner with TSYS and could not be more excited about the future opportunities to drive significant value creation for our employees, customers, partners and shareholders. We are fortunate and grateful to be in the position we are in today. With that, I'll turn the call over to Cam.
Cameron Bready: Thanks everyone. Before I begin, I would like to welcome Paul as the new Chief Financial Officer of Global Payments. It has been my privilege to serve in this role for the last five years and to work with all of you in that capacity. We were thrilled to successfully finalize our merger with TSYS this quarter, our largest transaction to date. And as Jeff mentioned, were already making significant progress on the integration of our two leading pure-play payments businesses. Importantly, we accomplished this while producing strong financial performance in the third quarter, a testament to our continued relentless focus on execution. Total company adjusted net revenue plus network fees for the third quarter was $1.31 billion reflecting growth of 27% versus the prior year. Adjusted operating margin expanded 80 basis points to 33.8% and adjusted earnings per share increased 18% to $1.70 or approximately 20% on a constant currency basis. Naturally our third quarter performance reflects TSYS' results from September 18, the impact of which was neutral on an adjusted earnings per share basis. Before turning to the financial impacts of the merger, let me start by covering the standalone Global Payments highlights for the quarter. Excluding TSYS Global Payments produced adjusted net revenue plus network fees of $1.161 billion, reflecting growth of 13% versus 2018 or over 14% on a constant currency basis. And adjusted operating margins expanded by 110 basis points to 34.2%. In North America, adjusted net revenue plus network fees for Global Payments on a stand-alone basis was $877 million, reflecting growth of 16% over the prior year period. Adjusted operating margin in North America expanded 130 basis points to 35.6%, driven by growth in our technology enabled businesses and consistent strong execution across the segment. Our US direct distribution businesses again delivered low double digit normalized organic growth this quarter led by strength in our integrated and vertical markets business. Specifically OpenEdge produced high-teens growth while our own software portfolio continued to deliver low double-digit organic growth consistent with our outline targets. We also saw high single digit organic growth in our US relationship led channel, reflecting consistent execution in this business. Our Canadian business grew low single digits in local currency with weakness in the Canadian dollar impacting reported results by approximately 100 basis points for the quarter. As Jeff noted, we are very pleased to announce today our new partnership with Desjardins in Canada, which we expect will provide new avenues for growth in this market going forward. Lastly, our wholesale business declined mid-teens consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Moving to Europe, adjusted net revenue plus network fees for stand-alone Global Payments grew approximately 11% in local currency or 6% on a reported basis as foreign currency exchange rates remain a meaningful headwind during the period. We continue to benefit from strength in our businesses in Spain and Central Europe, each of which grew well into the teens on a local currency basis. In the UK we delivered mid-single-digit organic growth, which was ahead of our expectations and accelerated sequentially from the second quarter despite a continuing soft macro-environment and the uncertainties surrounding Brexit. Our European e-com and omni solutions business, again delivered strong growth as we further enhanced our differentiated capabilities in unified commerce platform. We look forward to completing the next phase of our rollout of UCP globally when we go live in the UK over the next few weeks, which we expect will support continued momentum for our pan-European omni-channel offering. Adjusted operating margin in Europe expanded 100 basis points to 48.6% as consistent execution and scale benefits offset pressure from foreign currency headwinds. Turning to Asia Pacific. Reported adjusted net revenue plus network fee growth for stand-alone Global Payments was 5% or approximately 7% on a constant currency basis. Excluding Hong Kong where we have been impacted by the ongoing protest, our Asia Pacific business delivered low double-digit growth in local currency consistent with our overall target for the region. Adjusted operating margin of 33.9% improved slightly relative to the prior year as outstanding execution and expense discipline offset headwind from both disruptions in Hong Kong and foreign currency exchange rates. Following the close of our merger on September 18, TSYS contributed $145 million of adjusted net revenue plus network fees and $45 million of adjusted operating income for the final 13 days of September. Overall, for the third quarter, the legacy TSYS business produced constant currency revenue growth largely consistent with the second quarter, while margin expansion was above the high end of TSYS' previous 25 to 75 basis point target. Growth for the legacy TSYS merchant solutions business accelerated from the second quarter moving back into the high single-digits longer term targeted range. Normalized for the exit of its government services business and the deactivation of a single value-added product, the legacy TSYS issuer solutions business grew in line with its longer term mid-single digit target in the quarter. Finally, revenue performance for the legacy TSYS consumer solutions business was largely consistent with the second quarter. We expect revenue growth to accelerate in the fourth quarter across all three legacy TSYS businesses. In the merchant solutions business we're building on solid third quarter performance as we align our go-to-market strategies in the U.S. and begin to capitalize on cross-selling opportunities. In the issuer solutions business, the conversion of the Capital One Walmart portfolio earlier this month provides us line of sight to improve growth entering the fourth quarter. Lastly, in the consumer solutions business, we're building momentum as we expand our digital product offerings including our partnership with Samsung and realize benefits from recent distribution wins and renewals, more to come on our outlook for the remainder of the year in a moment. Turning now to capital structure, in August, we successfully priced a $3 billion senior unsecured notes offering. In combination with the new credit facility we closed in July, our combined capital structure is now largely complete and meaningfully improves our weighted average interest rate going forward. In fact the terms we achieved are more favorable than we anticipated when we announced our partnership with TSYS in May. In addition at closing, we received our final investment-grade credit ratings from both S&P and Moody's, consistent with our expectations. Pro forma leverage for the combined business was approximately 2.5 times at the end of the quarter. This leveraged position coupled with our expected strong free cash flow generation provides the new Global Payments with significant capacity to invest in the business as we continue to advance our strategy and execute on our capital allocation priorities. As for the outlook for the combined company in 2019, we now expect adjusted net revenue plus network fees to range from $5.60 billion to $5.63 billion reflecting growth of 41% to 42% over 2018. We also expect adjusted earnings per share in a range of $6.12 to $6.20, reflecting growth of 18% to 20% over 2018. Inclusive of TSYS from the date of the merger, we now anticipate adjusted operating margin expansion of up to 40 basis points for the full year. Given TSYS' business mix, its margin profile is lower than that of Global Payments' legacy business, thereby reducing margin expansion expectations for the full year period. That said, on a standalone basis, TSYS is forecasted to exceeded its margin expansion target for the full year period. In addition adjusted operating margin expansion for Global Payments on a stand-alone basis is now expected to be up to 100 basis points for 2019, well ahead of our historical target. Were very pleased with the progress we've made since closing on our partnership with TSYS last month and have increased confidence in our ability to accelerate revenue growth and deliver substantial cost savings over the next three years and beyond. In fact, as Jeff detailed, our revenue enhancement initiatives are already underway. And based on the work completed to date, we're increasing our target for run rate revenue benefits to more than $125 million within three years. As for expense synergies, we have implemented actions that are currently running ahead of our year one target and have already identified additional sources for expense optimization. As a result, we're also increasing our total expected expense savings to more than $325 million on an annual run rate basis within three years. The momentum we have in our business coupled with the significant progress we've made on integration bolsters our confidence in the future. And more specifically, the accretion expectations we have for the TSYS merger at the time of announcement in May. We now expect at least mid-single-digit accretion in 2020, which all else being equal, would imply adjusted earnings per share expectation in the mid-$7 range based on a stand-alone 16% to 18% growth target. Naturally, we will share in more detailed outlook for 2020 during our year-end call in February. Before concluding today, I want to provide an update on our expected go-forward reporting for the business. First, as we finalize our combined structure, we anticipate reporting based on three operating segments: merchant solutions, issuer solutions and the newly named business and consumer solutions, which includes the legacy TSYS consumer business and also reflects our expanded strategy for this channel going forward. We believe this reporting structure will best align with how we expect or operate our differentiated payment center business model. Second, based on feedback from the SEC regarding the use of our adjusted net revenue plus network fees metric that came out of a customary review of our public filings going forward we expect to report on an adjusted net revenue basis excluding the addition of network fees. Although, we believe adjusted net revenue plus network fees provide useful insight into the economics of our business in a manner consistent with how the company assesses and measures performance, the SEC has requested we discontinue its use. As a result, we report without the addition of network fees in the future, consistent with how TSYS has reflected this item historically. To facilitate this change, we'll be providing pro forma financial information for the combined business for historical reporting periods consistent with this presentation. Of course, Global Payments reports adjusted net revenue each period, in addition to the adjusted net revenue plus network fees metric and a historical pro forma information will be built on this basis. We will be transitioning to this methodology in the fourth quarter and will provide all the components necessary for you to measure performance under both conventions. We could not be more excited about the future as we build on our competitive advantages and payments leadership position and we look forward to updating you on our continued progress in the coming quarters. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, Cam. We could not be more excited about the momentum in our business and the significant wins we have recently achieved with large FIs like Desjardins and Citi validate our pure-play payments business. Payments are not just an adjacency for us; payments are our exclusive focus in the area of unrivaled expertise. Multiple recent successes and competitive processes confirm the wisdom of our strategic focus and the privacy of our business model. With TSYS, we deepen our competitive mode and confirm the value of our ecosystem across each element of our strategy. We have the most comprehensive software-driven solutions globally with full omnichannel capabilities, the broadest market reach, and enhanced exposure to faster growth geographies. We have the very best employees providing the very best experiences for our customers with the very best technologies in the most attractive global markets. Together, we are positioned to deliver industry leading growth and remain at the forefront of innovation as we had into 2020 and beyond. This is truly an exciting time to be part of the new Global Payments. Winnie?
Winnie Smith: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their question to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Koning of Baird. Your line is open.
David Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Great job.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, Dave.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Dave.
David Koning: Yeah. I guess, first of all, just on TSYS, I mean you laid it out extremely well, I just want to make sure we understand 2020, should we expect accelerating revenue just given the synergies and some of the headwinds this year falling off? And then I guess the other part of TSYS, am I right to understand about $100 million cost synergy run rate already in Q4?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Dave its Jeff. I'll start off and I'll turn it over to Cameron and Paul. So, the answer is yes to your first question. I think what we're very excited about the combined company, certainly as we looked at TSYS to address what you asked. We are entering the fourth quarter with our expectation of an accelerated revenue growth in TSYS just really 13 days after the close of the merger. We pointed out the reasons of that including the Walmart portfolio conversion in Capital One. So, we feel really good about where we are heading into 2020 with TSYS. We also did see - I mean one area of direct overlap between Global and TSYS which is in the merchant business. As Cameron pointed out, we did see an acceleration in the third quarter in merchant already. And I think Cameron alluded to the other thing that we see improving performance in merchant in the fourth quarter. So, we think we're in a really good run rate place Dave at TSYS currently in the quarter we're in, in the fourth quarter. And I think it gives us a lot of confidence heading into 2020. Cameron you might want to comment a little bit on the revenue synergies as it relates to Dave's question?
Cameron Bready: Yes, David, Ill jump in there quickly. We are making good progress particularly in the merchant business on realizing some very tactical cross-sell opportunities already with our combined businesses and obviously, we expect those to continue to ramp as we head into 2020 and beyond. Now, the numbers at this point arent going to be dramatic, but certainly they are providing a little bit of a nice tailwind in the merchant business within TSYS that gives us confidence that we can continue to accelerate growth and maintain it in that high single digit target for the merchant business as we head into 2020 and beyond and hopefully, even build upon that in future period. So I do think we feel very good about the momentum that we have in the TSYS business heading into Q4 and then further on into 2020 in particular. To address your last question about the $100 million of expense synergies what we said in the script, just to be clear, is weve taken actions that run rate to $100 million of expense synergies in 2020. Obviously that $100 million is not in Q4, so I just want to be explicitly clear about that. The actions we take and today will generate $100 million of expense savings in 2020, which was our target for realize the expense energies for the first full year of ownership of TSYS that we announced when we paid the acquisition or merger back in May.
David Koning: Great. Thank you. And then just as my follow-up, the Canada acquisition that sounds pretty cool. What roughly is the size of that? I mean, is that something that 10% of the Canada business or something more substantial?
Cameron Bready: Yeah. It's a great question Dave. We're thrilled to have the opportunity to partner with Desjardins in Canada. It adds about 40,000 merchants to our existing base of customers in Canada and obviously gives us a much more significant presence in Qubec, which is an area of the market where Desjardins has been very effective and certainly has a very strong presence. So were too glad to be able to partner with them. As it relates to financial contribution it's going to add next year probably about in the neighborhood of $70 million or so of adjusted net revenue plus network fees to our existing Canadian business, which I think you know is just a little north of $300 million. So it's a nice addition, nice bolt-on to our overall Canadian business and obviously, I think opens up new avenues for growth in that market for us going forward.
David Koning: Great. Thanks, guys.
Cameron Bready: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good. Thank you so much results. Just on the merchant side maybe can you help us recast what percent is now defined as tech enabled versus all the other pieces just want to get a better sense of how we should think about the components of growth for merchant with TSYS?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Tien-Tsin. It's Jeff. Ill start. So it's essentially the same percentage at the combined business as it was for Global stand alone. I think we set this back in the May announcement up 50% is the combined total. The reason for that I'll ask Paul to comment just in a second. The reason for that is TSYS merchant really had two pieces that were very similar to two pieces at Global Payments. One was Cayenne, which is very similar to OpenEdge. That was completely integrated business, adjacent areas of overlap, which I think is a great opportunity for OpenEdge. The other one of course which transfers, which is very similar very similar to Heartland at Global Payments. And transfer has both semi-integrated as well as relationship-based businesses as well as an e-commerce asset. So I actually think it looks a lot to be honest the way Global Payments did the on the merchant side so it's just about 50%. Paul you want to add anything?
Paul Todd: Yes. The only thing I would say is in the third quarter we do see that integrated piece of our direct business of the legacy TSYS direct business get right at 40%, which is a high watermark from an integrated standpoint in that legacy business going back a year or so ago. That was roughly one third and so the fact that has grown just kind of underpins just comments around the mix there.
Cameron Bready: Tien-tsin its Cameron Ill just add for the merchant business in particular, if you think about its contribution to the total business it's about 70% of the combined business now. And it's roughly 50% technology enabled and about 50% relationship globally. So as we talked about when we announced de deal combining TSYS with Global Payment gives us just south of $1 billion of integrated revenue. We have just south of $1 billion of e-com and omnichannel revenue. And we talked about roughly $800 million or so of software revenue in our portfolio. So that ends up being close to half of the overall merchant business on a global basis.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay. Thats good to know. I just want to make sure we have that right. And then on the issuer side, you mentioned you get a full pipeline. How about on the merchant front, any comments on pipeline or bookings on the software side? I know theres a lot of activity going on with ISVs and dealers and even on the bank side as you mentioned; anything there? Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ill talk a little bit about pipeline on the merchant side Tien-tsin. As you know our focus tends to be small to medium-sized businesses. So when we think about the pipeline for the businesses, it's a little bit different than obviously the issuer business which tends to be more large FI-focused. But I would say momentum in both of our businesses is very good. As we talked about in our integrated business, Paul gave a little bit color on how TSYS performed. We commented that OpenEdge grew high teens in the quarter which is the high watermark for that business certainly over the last several years which I think reflects a strong new partner growth over the course of the last couple of years and obviously, good effectiveness at converting existing customers of our partners to payments customers of Global Payments which has been obviously an important part of our growth story over time. The second thing I would say in our own software businesses, we continue to see strong bookings growth across AdvancedMD and ACTIVE as well. SICOM had a very strong quarter and has very strong momentum heading into 2020 having received recently some positive news from one of its largest customers about a rollout of a new product across its base of franchisees in 2020 which we think will be a nice tailwind for that business heading into the year. And on the relationship side, we saw strong high single-digit growth in the quarter, good consistent execution in that channel. We continue to see decent same-store sales growth in the business, roughly 3.5% for the quarter and obviously, new sales and attrition rates remain very constant giving us again good momentum heading into the 2020 timeframe. So, I would say all-in-all across the merchant business, certainly in the US, weve seen very strong trends. Europe improved quarter-over-quarter accelerated on an organic growth basis, largely driven by slightly better performance in the UK. And, of course, Spain and our Central European joint venture with Erste performed really well in the quarter as well. The only really point of softness within Hong Kong that's completely expected, obviously, given the environment there. Ex-Hong Kong, we grew low double-digits in Asia which again is consistent with our expectation for that market. So we feel good about how the rest of Asia is holding up as a macro matter notwithstanding obviously the site disruptions in Hong Kong. We've had to absorb in the P&L.
Jeffrey Sloan: Yeah. Just on the legacy TSYS standpoint, Ill just add on. We had an all-time record level of net revenue in the merchant solutions area. Our integrated - with legacy TSYS, integrated business grew in the strong double-digit range. We did get some accretive growth from the legacy indirect side. So much similar to Cameron's comments on the legacy Global side, it's just a great quarter from a merchant standpoint.
Tien-tsin Huang: Glad to hear. Thank you.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks Tien-tsin.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Tien-tsin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you. God morning. Good to see the strong results and nice to see the early raise on the TSYS merger synergy targets. Perhaps just starting on the TSYS side, you talked about already having taken the actions to achieve the $100 million of cost take out in 2020. What specifically about the cost take out process is going better than you expected to-date?
Cameron Bready: Dave, its Cameron. Ill start and ask both Jeff and Paul to chime in if they have anything to add. I would say a couple of things. One is, first of all, experience, right? We've been down this path before. We have very strong experience from an M&A standpoint. We learned a lot of in valuable lessons in the process of merging with Heartland and integrating Heartland. And I think TSYS has done the same with acquisitions that they've done over the point of time as well. We got an early start with our planning process upon announcing the merger in May. And I think the governance model and structure that we put around the process itself I think has given us very strong start to obviously our working relationship and the ability to drive obviously ahead of schedule expense actions that we intend to take as we look to bring these two businesses together. So I really think it's the experience that we have and our ability to work collaboratively together. I think our common cultures have allowed us to work very collaboratively in a way that has brought to the forefront very good ideas of how we can bring the companies together in a very efficient manner, how we can find savings within the business as we look to bring our merchant businesses together. In particular, we have great momentum amongst the leadership team in merchant as it relates to our go to market strategy and finding ways to obviously drive efficiencies in the combined business as we work to implement our target architecture model and target operating model. So we feel very good about obviously where we are. We feel good enough to increase our target expectations around expense synergies on the whole. And as we said on the call and mentioned earlier on the Q&A, we had line of sight to $100 million of run rate synergies in 2020 already and the actions weve taken will allow those to materialize next year as we continue to look to do more for 2021 and 2022.
Jeffrey Sloan: Yeah. And the only thing David I would add is from a legacy TSYS perspective, we said this at the time of the deal that we knew each company very well. Both companies had a long history of knowing each other and we knew that that was going to provide kind of additive tailwinds from the synergy standpoint of just that expertise that we both had at our legacy businesses and the complementary nature of the two legacy companies putting them together. And so that was our commentary at the time of the deal, and after we got post close, that came to fruition of that kind of a starting point.
David Togut: Appreciate that. And just as a follow-up. Europe came in significantly better than we expected both on revenue and cash EBIT. I am just curious Jeff about any early go-to-market experience you've had combining your merchant business and TSYS' issuer processing business in Europe which was definitely a big call out when you announce the transaction?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes. Dave thats a great point. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks we were just there, the combined management team clearly matured a couple of weeks ago. I would say the receptivity for the combined partnership was even better than I expected back in May. David, when we announced the transaction in the first place, we saw most of TSYS' large customers in Europe on the issuing side and we saw a lot of Global Payments large customers in the merchant side in Europe, when Troy and I and the team where there. I think the market, as I said in my prepared remarks is absolutely ready for onus domestic and cross-border processing and the markets I listed in the prepared remarks. Of course closer to home here in Canada, we just announced Desjardins this morning. So I think on a combined-ish [ph] or a merchant basis we have the same relative presence for the combined company in Canada than we even do in Europe, which is why I singled out on the script this morning, I think the opportunities are right there too. I would also say as I mentioned that PSD2 and strong customer penetration is now the Global land as of mid-September in Europe. While that's been  took the regulators have joined pushed the back to 12 months in terms of terms of implementation. I think that's good news good news for us. There's all sorts of matching that we can do in issuing and acquiring to get the hands authentication services in e-commerce and omnichannel capabilities that we also discussed with our partners in Europe a couple of weeks ago. And there are even new opportunities David that I havent considered such as enabling some of the bigger retail brands that TSYS has on the issuing side in Europe to become more of a payment facilitation mechanism and enabled around digital wallet using issuer and acquirer capabilities which is actually something I really haven't thought about in May, but certainly heard a loud and clear from some of the consumer brands who are already on TSYS when we were there a couple of weeks ago. So, I would say David, sitting here today, I'm more optimistic than I was even back in May about what those opportunities are and in fact, at least one new sizable one has come to pass. I'd also reiterate what we said I think in the July or August call where Cameron and I mentioned which was we have a number of partners at Global Payments, FIs in Europe, and in Asia who've asked us about moving to TSYS on the issuer side. These are large financial institutions and those conversations were had again when we were in Europe a couple of weeks ago. So, pretty optimistic on the combined business and where we're heading.
David Togut: Congratulations. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, David.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom of UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much. I was interpreting the commentary Jeff that you made around the consumer solutions and in particular Netspend. I was kind of indicating a renewed important strategically of that business to the combined entity going forward. Is that a correct interpretation or you're just simply giving us more insight into how it fits into the broader integration strategy?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Eric I think you're correct when you said. Let me just say that when we were doing diligence on that business in May, we were optimistic then. So, I don't know that it's a different point of view. I would just say that we looked at TSYS and each of the segments as being a very attractive partner for us. And we certainly view there as - view us as having a differentiated strategy in Netspend versus the other public competitor. And I tried listing those in the prepared remarks. But just to reinforce it, number one, I think we have non-US opportunities, particularly in Europe to roll out the prepaid products. And I think the market is right for that in those geographies and I would stay tuned on that in relatively short order. I think that is a differentiator for us. Number two, I do think there are a lot of revenue synergies coming out of Global Payments and Netspend. Ive listed two of those at my prepared remarks, but as you know Heartland is a very big presence, Xenial and SICOM, as Cameron mentioned in the restaurant channel. There's particular surge of used cases in restaurants for the Paycard and related services for Netspend. And they also called out the gaming applicability where prepaid - and were not the only ones doing this, but in prepaid, in light of the regulatory changes you've seen, in sports betting as well as the brands that we have in the gaming business, particularly, distinctive place on a combined basis with Global Payments and Netspend. So I actually think it's a continuation Eric of the thesis we laid out in May. And we think we have pure line of sight to continue to enhance and grow the market opportunities of that business and that's something we're very excited about. Id also say for all of our businesses, not Netspend, we assess all of our businesses continually. And that's not specific to any one of them. So, if we think there's a higher better use for everything that we're doing, we're obviously open-minded and we're all very focused on shareholder value. But I would say that we have a very strong thesis that we think we have the ability to add a lot of value into all of our businesses, but in particular, in light of this question, in Consumer Solutions by adding B2B, by adding International applicability, and we intend to focus on it.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thank you for that. And if I may just follow-up one more on the synergies. Of the - you delineated for us the three primary areas where you anticipate them, but of the incremental synergies that youre underscoring today, can you give us an attribution of what they relate to with respect to those three buckets?
Cameron Bready: No. Eric it's Cameron. I'll jump in. I'd say they're probably roughly split between the three buckets. We've seen a little better opportunity across all three of the primary areas, we expect to realize synergies from the transaction an expense matter. I wouldn't want to point any particular item per se. Theres not one significant driver of that overall $25 million increase that we articulated on the call today. So it's little things here and there and it's probably across all three of the primary areas where we expect to realize synergies from the transaction.
Jeffrey Sloan: Eric, it's Jeff. I would just add to that. When you make a deal you make assumptions. You make assumptions in May, when you can see all the detail. These are experiences Cameron said before but what those things are. But we now have the detail. We now have the plans. So the happy news is those assumptions proved to be conservative and we think we're run rate at a much higher level.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the M&A environment. I know you did this deal and have a pretty attractive capital structure right now. What should we be thinking out in terms of timing? And also what types of deals you're looking for? Could it be something in the future transformative or is it more series of tuck-ins? How should we take up frame of your M&A activity?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Ramsey. It's Jeff. I would just say speaking from a strategic point of view I think our focus on M&A for the combined company really hasn't changed. So in terms of the types of deals that we're looking at, were looking at geographic expansions. We're looking at end market scale consolidations. You heard Desjardins today that we described, which is a market partnership in a business that we're already in. And of course, we're looking for more software and more vertical market solution. So I think the strategy as it relates to combined company, really hasn't changed all that much. Were obviously opportunistic. But I would say sitting here today, we feel pretty good about where the pipeline is, where the pipeline is going to be. From a timing point of view, we obviously want to make sure. I think the balance sheet is a very happy place. As Cameron alluded to 2.5 times leverage give us a lot of capability. I think among the three deals that were announced its lowest leverage among all three. But as I think about it this is as much as managerial question as anything else. We want to make sure that in the next number of months all the stuff that we've laid out internally and externally that we're going to meet and even exceed those expectations. And I think once we feel our sea legs are there and they were tracking in the right place, this wont be an issue of capital availability or balance sheet. I think we have we have we have those today. Instead of say, hey, we're in a really good place, we're in a really good trajectory, we're very good managerially about where we are. So certainly as we head into 2020, if the capital markets stay favorable and our execution continues or accelerates on a path that it's in, I certainly think we're open for business.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thats helpful. Thanks. A quick follow-up on your wholesale business which I know for Legacy Global is an increasingly small part of your business and declining. I know TSYS had a slightly different strategy there. And I am just curious in terms of the harmonization of those two approaches, how are you viewing that business kind of in a go-forward basis?
Cameron Bready: Yeah. Ram, it's Cameron. It's a really good question. We spent a lot of time as we bought the two merchant businesses together talking about that very topic. And what I would say is our strategy at Global Payments, obviously to your point is different than the way TSYS has approached sort of wholesale and direct channel historically. I would start by saying for the combined business, it's a very small part of the overall combined business. And think as a given the size of merchant organization we're operating today, there's room for us to have a wholesale business. I don't know that we'll continue to try to grow it perhaps as aggressively as TSYS has grown it historically, but certainly I think there's a role for wholesale to play in the overall merchant business. We want to continue to serve the customers and partners that we have in that channel extraordinarily well as I think we have historically. And I think we'll look to maintain that business without putting a lot of resources and deploying a lot of resources towards trying to grow it going forward. I think you can be a part of the overall merchant business, again, without being a core part of where were deploying resources trying to grow the business in the future.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Perlin: Hey, guys. Great result. I guess I had a question going back to kind of the original announcement and talking about this dual headquarter relationship. And I'm just wondering as we - you're pretty clear on the synergy target I think today. But are you thinking about any opportunity to repurchasing the second location, is that contemplated in the cost synergy further down the road? Or is there some other use for that long-term that we could be thinking about?
Jeffrey Sloan: No, Dan. Its Jeff. We are dead-set on what we said at the time of the announcement which is we're fully committed to dual headquarters in Atlanta and Columbus. We have 5,000 fantastic team members in Columbus. We probably have in the Greater Atlanta area on a combined basis 1,000 or 1,250. So, Columbus is really the heart of the company. At the end of the day, Columbus, of course, also is the heart of the issuer business where the two companies really don't overlap from a competitive point of view before we did the deal in the first place rather that's really more on the merchant segment. So, we're fully committed to what we said. Columbus is an incredibly an important part of what the company is today and will be going forward and we're very committed to our team members there as well as the communities in which we live and work.
Dan Perlin: Got it. That's great. I just wanted to clarify a little bit on the TSYS reacceleration in merchant. I mean I know that the company seems like it was distracted in the second quarter, especially around merchant. I'm just wondering in addition to other things you mentioned, I mean is it just regained focus coming into this quarter as the deal closed? And then you saw a better line of sight and so the people that were involved on the TSYS side selling those products just were reinvigorated or was there a bigger strategy that was kind of being put in place post, kind of, the second quarter which was a little bit disappointing?
Paul Todd: Yeah. So, as it relates to second quarter, we did have some kind of comp challenges year-over-year as it relates to kind of just the overall number for the second quarter. I would say we've had acceleration kind of as part of the deal and so that's been a nice tailwind as we've been able to bring kind of our teams together. But from a - kind of a core underlying performance, we did have good underlying performance in 2Q albeit some headwinds from a comp challenge standpoint. We obviously did lose our leader in second quarter which also did lose our leader in second quarter which also had some effect there. But were glad to be in a position where that meaningfully accelerated in 3Q. And as Cameron mentioned, we are expecting further acceleration on that legacy business in Q4.
Cameron Bready: The only thing I would add to that Dan is weve already aligned our go-to-market leadership teams across our integrated businesses here in the US market across our relationship channels in the US market. Our key leaders in TSYS are now fully integrated into those overall leadership teams in those go-to-market channels. We feel very good about how we've come together as a go-to-market motion as a combined company and how the team is executing in the early days of putting those organizations together. So, the momentum in the business is clearly there. We feel good about the pipeline as I highlighted earlier in the Q&A and certainly, feel like as we have more opportunity to work together, we have more opportunity to align our product strategies, our technology environment and our operating environment, there's obviously more momentum to continue to build as we go forward to 2020 and beyond.
Dan Perlin: Thats great. Thank you, guys.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Darrin Peller of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys, just coming back for money 2020 it does sound like pricing has been somewhat stable at least on the SMB side, if not actually better. And we actually did hear that there's still some opportunities on the TSYS side that were lets call it relatively underpriced. I know you have legacy on Heartland side. So when we compare that in the end the other key trend, we are hearing one of the others is around paybacks. Companies enabling software to do more on their own which I guess underscores your strategy of buying in. But are you seeing that as well? And just talk about what you really priced in around the opportunity on pricing upside into your guidance and your synergies? And is there more of an opportunity there? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Its Cameron. I'll start, Darren. So I do think as we look across the TSYS portfolio over the course of time there may be some opportunity to rationalize pricing across the channels that we operate at Legacy Global Payments and TSYS collectively. I wouldnt suggest that that's a meaningful aspect of how we think about driving revenue enhancements by combining our business. When we talk about revenue synergies and the merchant business, it's really across the opportunity, the cross-sell products and capabilities into our existing collective merchant basis. Obviously, TSYS brings us I think some very attractive products in terms of the Vital POS solutions, the Genius platform and of course ProPay, which dives into the second part of your question as it relates to paybacks and enhanced capabilities in that channel in the US market. So most of the revenue synergies we expect to drive from combining our two businesses are really around those particular cross-selling opportunities, bringing payroll into the existing TSYS base of customers. Obviously, the Paycard capabilities the Netspend brings, we think provide a very attractive avenue for growth for the payroll business across our existing base of customers then of course bringing some of these solutions to International markets, we think creates other long-term opportunities for revenue enhancements in the overall merchant business. Ill maybe let Jeff ask - respond to you as it relates to the payback conversation that you raised.
Jeffrey Sloan: So, Darrin I would just say, this goes back to APT kind of 7.5 years ago we did that deal on August 2012. We really had not seen the advent of the bar ISOs to be honest in any of our businesses and any kind of meaningful way. Part of what drove us toward the own software model was lots of worry about paypacks or ISOs are more focused on in those markets where it makes a significant difference like restaurant. We think we need to own the entire element of distribution. So Cameron for example commented on trended venial SICOM, which has had a good year and we expect to have even a better year in 2020. We would not be in the position we are in today. If we didn't know the hardware, software, drive through digital wallet functionality, we wouldn't be able to serve 20 of the top 40 QSRs, and have over 100,000 in the United States just full stop. So, I think I was driven strategically less  what that paypack might do and more rather by the means and mode of competition in those businesses means that you need to sell all those things or you've been reduced to just selling commodities payments processing at the lowest possible price, which just is not that interesting from our point of view. Its nice to hear that what you heard the conference is that the trend is coming our way. I do think we have a slightly different thesis though on why we think that's important strategically.
Darrin Peller: Okay. That's helpful just one quick follow up the, I mean, congrats on the city partnership. I just, because I just want to understand what exactly youre going to be executing there, is it more of a bank referral model that I mean historically you guys didnt really use as much I think, merchant bank referral, but maybe just explain what the Citi deal is all about?
Jeffrey Sloan: Sure, I am happy to do that. It's Jeff. Thats the new initiative that's called Spring by Citi, so in essence, you can think about it as a referral deal, but as it relates to UCP specifically, so its specific to the unified commerce product offering that we've been talking about for probably about a year now, specific to multinational customers on an omnichannel basis. So, whats so exciting about this is, obviously, number one, Citi is a fantastic partner and number two, a very smart consumer and then the very, very sophisticated services. So, when they looked out in the landscape and asked who's got the very best technology and distribution capability on an omnichannel basis in the market that they care about, we're very fortunate to be in a position that they selected us. So I think you should think about it as in an area that's high value add, very difficult to service for their most important largest, most complicated multinational customers in geographies both virtual and physical, that's something that we're very fortunate to be in the position to provide to Citi as part of the spring initiative. So I think that just is further validation of the exceptionality of our technologies, particularly, in one of the most competitive markets that you can have, which is ecommerce and omnichannel business.
Darrin Peller: That's great. Thanks, guys.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks Darrin. On behalf of global payments, thank you very much in joining us - for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in us. And everybody have a Happy Halloween.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EVO Payments Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed O'Hare, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for EVO. Please go ahead.
Ed O'Hare: Good morning and welcome to EVO Payments second quarter earnings conference call. This call is being webcast today and a replay will be available through the Investor Relations section of EVO's website shortly after the completion of this call. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and actual results may differ materially from the views expressed in these statements. For additional information on factors that may cause our actual results to differ from the views expressed in any forward-looking statements made today, please refer to our earnings release; and the risk factors discussed in our periodic reports filed with the SEC including our most recent 10-K which is available on our website. In an effort to provide additional information to investors today's discussion also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. An explanation and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release available on our Investor Relations website. Today we will discuss our second quarter 2019 performance. Joining me on the call today is Jim Kelly, Chief Executive Officer; Kevin Hodges, Chief Financial Officer; Darren Wilson, President, International; and Brendan Tansill President, The Americas. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Kelly.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, Ed and good morning everyone. Welcome to EVO's second quarter earnings call where we will review our results for the quarter and provide updates on our business performance, our platform migrations, and our recently announced acquisitions. For the quarter, constant currency adjusted revenue grew at 11% and constant currency adjusted EBITDA grew at 14% when excluding the card network incentive recognized in the prior year period. These results reflect our strong international bank partnerships, our growing integrated payments network, and our expanding sales efforts across all markets. I'd now like to provide an update on our business performance in Europe. Our Polish business continued to deliver solid results in the second quarter leveraging both our bank relationship with PKO and our strong direct sales team. We signed several large national customers including a pharmacy network and a grocery store chain. Additionally, we signed an agreement with a merchant which supports over 1,000 locations and is implementing Visa Direct for payouts immediately to the consumers Visa debit card. This application is Europe's first implementation of Visa Direct at a physical point-of-sale and we are excited to work with Visa and the merchant to launch this digital solution. On a side note we anticipate lodging Visa Direct in the U.S. during the second quarter of next year. We also expanded our sales team to include the Postbank branch network to support our new relationship with the bank which we announced last quarter. Additionally, we have renewed our agreement with the Polish Post to continue to provide card acceptance and mobile top-up solutions for its network of over 4,700 post offices and 3500 couriers. Our Tech-enabled division continues to deliver strong results as well. Earlier this year we expanded our Snap platform to provide e-commerce processing capabilities for in-market merchants and have already signed new merchants utilizing these capabilities. Lastly, as we mentioned on our previous call, the cashless program began its rollout in Q1 2018 and we continue to see new business from this program. As expected growth rates have slowed as the program annualizes over 2019. We have seen strong renewal rates for merchants after the initial trial period as now they transition to a traditional processing arrangement. Turning to Ireland and the U.K., these businesses continued strong growth in the second quarter as well. In Ireland we continue to leverage our partnership with the Bank of Ireland to sign new merchants. Additionally, we have implemented new Tech-enabled solutions in the market. For example since rolling out our Snap e-commerce platform in Ireland earlier this year we have signed key customers requiring Tech-enabled capabilities such as virtual terminals omnichannel solutions and e-commerce. As discussed in our last call, we integrated our Way2Pay acquisition to Snap*to further enhance our e-commerce offering. Since the acquisition 70% of new Way2Pay signings are using EVO acquiring services demonstrating the success of our cross-selling capabilities. In the second quarter, we also extended Way2Pay into the U.K. market where we began signing new schools. In the U.K. our business continues to board over 1,000 new merchants monthly through its direct sales efforts. In our Tech-enabled division our ISV network remains strong and continues to deliver a steady stream of merchants as one-third of our new merchant signings are now referred by an ISV partner. Our e-commerce offering is gaining traction in the market as well with 30% of new deals from our direct salesforce now including an e-commerce component. Finally, I would like to provide an update on Spain. In our Tech-enabled division, we continue to build our strong distribution by adding new ISV partners in the medical, education and hospitality verticals. Additionally, ClearONE's unique product capabilities continue to attract new customers, including a large national gift shop chain and a multi-store clothing retailer. We now see over 60% of new ClearONE gateway customers using EVO's acquiring services, demonstrating success of our integrated strategy. In our Direct division, we remain pleased with our Liberbank relationship and are seeing steady referrals from the bank. With respect to Santander, the bank has recently announced that it has completed its accelerated consolidation of the popular branch network and IT infrastructure which has increased attrition and impacted new referrals. Turning to North America. We continue to see strong adjusted revenue growth from our U.S. ISV and B2B business units which together grew at 21% in the second quarter. Our U.S. ISV business grew in the high teens this quarter and we are focused on signing new partners to expand the vertical markets we support. For example, in the second quarter we signed a key software partner in the U.S. focused on veterinarian practices. As this partner is an international company we plan to support this partnership both inside the U.S. and in Europe via our Snap platform. We also expanded several key relationships with existing software partners and found new ISVs focused on membership clubs and unattended retail. Our B2B business unit continues to be the fastest growing component of our Tech-enabled division, demonstrating strong adjusted revenue growth once again for the quarter. The performance from this group is a result of our direct sales efforts, growth in our B2B partner network and the ongoing software sales of our Microsoft- and Oracle-integrated ERP solutions. We also continue to develop new products for cloud-based solutions such as our newest application to support Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central which we released last month. As a result of this application, we have signed a new Microsoft partner specializing in ERP implementations for distribution and manufacturing customers. The third component of our U.S. Tech-enabled division is our e-commerce business which trails ISV and B2B in its performance as previously discussed. As such, we have implemented several strategic initiatives this year to improve its performance including launching and marketing our Snap e-commerce capabilities directly to partners and merchants. Turning to Mexico, we demonstrated very strong constant currency adjusted revenue growth of 13% which includes the positive incremental impact of the Easter holiday. Our primary bank partner, Citibanamex continues to deliver strong merchant referrals ranging from small merchants to large national customers. Beyond our bank referral channel, we have launched new technologies and capabilities in the market including paperless boarding integrated solutions and our proprietary e-commerce gateway which we are utilizing to sign new merchants and enhance the experience for our current customers. For instance, in the second quarter, we signed the e-commerce business of Heineken and will begin processing by year-end. Next, I'd like to provide a brief update on our ongoing integration work. In the second quarter, we began the Liberbank migration from the national processor to our Polish platform. The pilot phase of the project is now complete and we are boarding new merchants directly to our platform. We expect this existing portfolio of merchants to begin migration in the first half of 2020. In Spain, we also migrated another portion of the Banco Popular portfolio and continue to migrate the remainder of the portfolio that includes larger merchants requiring a higher level of coordination. Last year, we completed the initial phase of the Mexican migration which was to in-source our customer service and technical support functions from a third party. The migration of our Mexican merchants onto our U.S. backend platform remains on plan for the initial requirements phase and we anticipate commencing the next phase of the project in the second half of 2020. In addition to our ongoing migration efforts, our teams have been ensuring we are in compliance with the European Strong Customer Authentication mandate SCA that is part of the PSD2. We have a comprehensive plan in place to meet these requirements, although the regulatory landscape continues to evolve. Our EuroBic joint venture in Portugal is still pending regulatory approval. We anticipated, we would receive approval by this summer however, we now expect to hear from the regulator in late fall. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Brandon Tansill who will discuss our recent acquisitions in Mexico and in Chile. Brendan?
Brendan Tansill: Thanks Jim. Good morning everyone. As Jim mentioned, in Mexico, we continue to make investments in our tech-enabled distribution to drive growth for the business. In July, TouchBistro a well-known point-of-sale provider for restaurants with a strong U.S. presence announced it was launching its integrated payments platform to restaurants in Mexico later this year and selected EVO to be its acquiring partner. At the end of last month, we also closed on our acquisition of SF Systems an ISV integrator platform based in Mexico to complement our Snap platform in the market. The acquisition extends our ISV capabilities and allows us to accelerate growth in the Mexican ISV market using its existing integrations. Turning to Chile, as was announced in May EVO signed an agreement to form a new 10-year exclusive bank joint venture with Bci. Chile is a new market for EVO and our first operation in South America. Recent regulatory changes have enabled greater innovation in the market ending the historical monopoly for payment processing. Local banks are now evaluating their digital strategies to compete in this evolving market and are looking for innovative solutions. Anticipating this change Bci conducted a competitive evaluation process last year and selected EVO based on our deep understanding of successfully building acquiring businesses internationally. This will be EVO's 16th international bank relationship, since we started our global expansion in 2012. As a result of the transaction, EVO will become the first independent merchant acquirer to enter the Chilean market by partnering with a leading financial institution. We are very excited about entering Chile and South America. Chile is a market-oriented economy with strong foreign trade financial institutions and public policy. There are over 600,000 merchants in Chile today and it is estimated that only 40% accept card payments. Additionally, the market has experienced strong growth of 22% in credit and debit card transactions annually over the last five years, driven by a robust economy and the shift from paper to plastic. With $60 billion in assets and 325 branches serving over 70,000 customers Bci is the third largest bank in Chile by assets with a 17% market share. Bci has been in the market for more than 80 years and is committed to providing a digital experience to its customers. As an example in 2017, the bank successfully launched a leading mobile payment solution in Chile, MACH and has had tremendous success with over one million subscribers in less than two years. In addition to P2P capabilities, the mobile solution also allows consumers to pay merchants like Amazon, Spotify, Netflix, AliExpress and other international e-commerce brands via a virtual debit card connected to MACH. We look forward to marketing this product with Bci via the JV and expanding its capabilities to include the point-of-sale as we launch EVO's global product suite in the market. Under the terms of the agreement with the bank EVO will own a majority of the new joint venture and have operating control. Bci will exclusively refer merchant customers from its branches and corporate offices to the JV, while EVO will deliver a unique platform proposition to differentiate from the offerings currently in the market and provide its global proven sales and marketing expertise to quickly gain market share for the business. We have already identified a country manager from Bci, who will work with our head of Latin America to ensure the business' success as we look to expand further into South America. The business in Chile will initially leverage our Mexico infrastructure for support similar to how our European businesses utilize our Polish infrastructure. The JV in Chile does not include a back book of merchants ad will require initial investments to establish the business not unlike our Irish business, which began in 2014 and achieved 25% acquiring market share within four years of its launch. Utilizing our proven sales and marketing expertise, we can achieve a similarly successful outcome in Chile as well. I will now turn the call back over to Jim. Jim?
Jim Kelly: Thanks Brendan. We look forward to the launch of our business in Chile this year after obtaining regulatory approval. Our M&A strategy remains the same as we partner with international financial institutions and continue to expand our tech-enabling capabilities in new and existing markets. Overall, we are pleased with our results for the quarter. Kevin, will now cover the financials in more detail. Kevin?
Kevin Hodges: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. As Jim mentioned, EVO delivered a strong quarter of top and bottom line growth. For the second quarter, normalized adjusted revenue grew 11% on a currency neutral basis with acquisitions contributing four percentage points of that growth. FX negatively impacted revenue by 260 basis points in the quarter. Based on current FX rates most of the adverse FX impact compared to 2018 occurred in the first half of 2019 although the euro and Polish zloty continued to weaken versus the prior year. Results are normalized for a card network incentive in the prior year period. As previously discussed, our revenue is now reported net of card network fees, which were $27.5 million in the second quarter. We report adjusted revenue excluding this deduction to aid in comparability with 2018. In the second quarter, we delivered double-digit currency neutral adjusted revenue growth in our largest international markets including Poland at 10% Spain at 11%, the Irish and U.K. market at 24% and Mexico at 13%. As indicated on our previous call, growth in Poland was impacted in Q2 as a result of the annualization of the cashless program and the migration of a large customer at the end of Q1, which affected growth beginning in the second quarter. Growth was further impacted by merchant renewal pricing in Q2. We expect these factors to impact Polish growth through Q1 of next year. While revenue in Spain grew at 11% in the quarter, we initially had higher growth expectations earlier in the year, which were impacted by the Santander consolidation efforts as Jim previously mentioned. On a currency neutral basis, normalized adjusted EBITDA increased 14% to $39.3 million. Currency neutral normalized adjusted EBITDA margin increased 82 basis points to 26.2% compared to the prior year period when excluding the previously mentioned card network incentive. Beginning with our European segment, segment-adjusted revenue in the quarter grew 11% over the prior year period on a currency neutral basis. In the second quarter, our adjusted revenue per transaction in Europe declined 8% due to the growing number of large merchants performing well in the market and lower DCC take rates which will annualize in Q4. We saw second quarter European tech-enabled transactions grow 20% versus the prior year driven by our sales in Poland, Ireland and the UK. The Tech-enabled division now represents 22% of European adjusted revenue. Segment profit for the quarter was $15.1 million, an increase of 9% on a currency neutral basis. For the quarter segment profit margin was 23.7%, a decrease of 47 basis points compared to the prior year due to the previously mentioned headwinds in Spain. Turning to North America. We saw strong performance out of this segment as well. Second quarter normalized adjusted revenue increased 10% over the prior year on a currency neutral basis with acquisitions contributing five percentage points of that growth. Within the segment, our U.S. Tech-enabled normalized adjusted revenue increased 8% compared to the prior year period, which reflects the strong growth in our ISV and B2B business units offset by the performance of our e-commerce business. Our U.S. Direct and Traditional divisions adjusted revenue grew 9%, which reflects the federated buyout and expected declines in the Traditional division. The strong growth in Mexico is a result of our strong bank partnerships and direct sales teams in the market coupled with our growing Tech-enabled division. On a currency neutral basis our normalized adjusted revenue per transaction in North America decreased 1% in the quarter which reflects the impact of large merchant growth in Mexico as previously discussed. Segment profit for the quarter was $29.9 million, an increase of 16% on a currency neutral basis when adjusting for the card network incentive in the prior year. North America segment profit margin improved 180 basis points to 34.6% in the quarter due to our revenue growth and ongoing operating efficiencies. Turning to our corporate expenses. Adjusted corporate expenses were up modestly to $5.7 million for the quarter compared to the prior year period primarily due to additional public company costs. Expenses related to operations as a public company largely began in Q2 2018 and the company is continuing to make investments in this area during 2019. Pro forma adjusted net income was $13.4 million for the quarter reflecting growth of 29%. On a reported basis consolidated net income was $3.8 million for the quarter. Reflecting adjustments described in our press release in all share classes, pro forma adjusted net income per share was $0.16. At the end of the quarter, our diluted share count was 31.9 million, which reflects the weighted average Class A common stock outstanding in all diluted securities. Including all share classes and diluted securities, we had 85.7 million shares outstanding. In the second quarter, we spent $6.8 million in capital expenditures of which 62% was for point-of-sale terminals in our international markets. CapEx declined 61% versus the prior year period as we annualized the terminal investments made in the prior year to support the cashless initiative in Poland and the timing of other purchases last year. We ended the quarter with net leverage of 4.2 times last 12 months adjusted EBITDA. In addition, interest expense declined 21% in the quarter compared to the prior year period, after adjusting for the prior year debt modification costs associated with the post-IPO refinancing. Free cash flow described as adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures, less net interest expense was $22 million, an increase of 270% over the prior year period. Finally as mentioned, we've seen headwinds in Spain from the bank's consolidation and related efforts pertaining to Banco Popular. As such, we now estimate a revenue impact to the company of 75 to 100 basis points for the year. We maintain our full year 2019 guidance and expect adjusted revenue to grow between 10% and 12% on a currency neutral basis. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow between 11% and 14% on a currency neutral basis and pro forma adjusted net income per share to grow between 12% and 18% on a currency neutral basis. I will now turn the call back over to Jim. Jim?
Jim Kelly: Thanks, Kevin. I will now turn the call over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey good morning. Thanks. I wanted to ask on Bci just the cost to stand that up. I know that there's no back book involved here with Transbank keeping that. But I'm just curious how quickly, I think you mentioned four years I heard that. But just the cost to stand it up and how quickly we might see it flow into the P&L.
Jim Kelly: Okay. Good morning. I think the four years was in Ireland we reached 25% market share over a 4-year time period. Here as we mentioned in the comments, as Brendan mentioned, we're going to leverage our Mexican infrastructure. So we have a group of over 400 in Mexico. And similar as we do in Europe where we have -- Poland is kind of the back office for Europe it's kind of a hub-and-spoke structure, we intend to do the same for South America. So Bci initially will just be sales some product and account support. Overtime, we'll likely put some first-line customer service into the market. So there clearly will be some cost. I think most of the cost will really be around sales expense standing it up in advance of the revenue coming in. But as Brendan went through the statistics in the market, organic growth in that market just because of it's so under-penetrated for card issuing and merchant acceptance is over 20%. So our expectation is that we should see pretty rapid growth. If you want me to estimate, I would say, two years. But we'll likely see some losses and we'll call those out during these calls. And we would have been happy to buy a back book. Unfortunately there wasn't one available because it's owned by the central processor. But we're very, very excited about this opportunity; wanted to get into South America which we've talked about on numerous occasions. But we also think there's lots of growth in the market. We think we have an excellent partner who's very focused on technology. As Brendan mentioned they have a product already in market similar to like the Venmo on P2P which does some payments online as mentioned with Amazon and e-commerce businesses. They'd like to see that in the face-to-face world as well plus all the capabilities that we can bring and our Mexico team in particular that's had great success into that marketplace.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes. No, I was glad to see it. I know you mentioned South America being a focus. Is there more to do behind this one? Or do we need to give this time to develop and provide a proof point for others that you can stand something like this up?
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think that's a really good question. For us because as we described our M&A strategy our objective is to form a long-term relationship with financial institution and benefit from their distribution and they benefit from our monoline capabilities. So it's not as easy as going to a private equity firm and buying a business. You have to cultivate a relationship. Typically these financial institutions, if not typically all the time run a process. So you have to wade through the process the contracts all that stuff. So yes it -- Bci took over one year from start to finish. But our expectation are a number of the Spanish-speaking countries in particular in South America, I think will look at Chile and also Brazil, but look at Chile and how it's opening up; obviously the same in Argentina. So my expectation is that, you'll see us in other countries in other countries in the not distant future, but we don't have anything that's actionable immediately.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. No. Congrats on that. Real quick, if you don't mind the third question. Just on the North America margins, Kevin is that a sustainable level for the second half of the year? Thank you.
Kevin Hodges: Yeah. No. As we said on the call, we've introduced some cost efficiencies in the market already just the actions we've taken in last year. So yes, we're sort of seeing that steady as she goes as the EBITDA margin for the back half of the year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. Thank you.
Kevin Hodges: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bob Napoli with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. Just wanted some clarification initially on the guidance, the 10% to 12%, I mean very, very good quarter. It seemed like you could have raised guidance. And I know you mentioned some Spain, some challenges there. But on the guidance, first of all, why not increase with the strength you've had. And then, on the revenue growth the 10% to 12%, how much of that would be FX neutral organic?
Kevin Hodges: Yeah. So the 10% to 12% would be constant currency. The acquisitions kind of this year are impacting the overall growth by a few percentage points, but those will annualize in the second half of the year. We're not anticipating in the guidance kind of the acquisitions that have not closed. So, Chile is not in there. Portugal's not in there. And I think to your first question about why not raise in guidance I think it's for the reasons we called out. It's really Spain. We wanted to make sure that we were giving you all some color around some of the headwinds that we're seeing in Spain with the bank's consolidation efforts. As we called out the 75 basis points to 100 basis points that we see in the back half of the year really related to just lower merchant referrals coming from the bank and higher attrition. The other markets are doing well.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. And just on the M&A front, I know you guys are always active, and it seems like you've been very successful with the deals that you've done. Is there a pipeline? I know your leverage 4.2, and you've been doing small tuck-ins that seem to be really synergistic. Are there other of those tuck-ins? Or are you actually interested in larger transactions as well?
Jim Kelly: Yeah. I think the short answer is we'll look at all opportunities to be able to expand in our existing markets and new markets. The smaller ones that you mentioned like SF Systems ClearONE, the way I view that is that is a way for us to accelerate our growth over the long term as these markets in particular outside the U.S. converge on integrated payments as we've seen here in the U.S. So this, as we've said on several of these calls, ClearONE has over 100 ISVs that are connected to it. And I think we're 60% or 70% of the new business that comes through that platform, which is roughly over 100 merchants a week are coming through ISVs that we are now acquiring for. So it is -- and its really -- that component of our strategy is building organic growth, making sure that we're not dependent entirely on a financial institution or market and really just diversifying in a market. But at the same time, like a Bci, our interest was to expand and is now successfully into South America. There are some markets where there is not a large national payment processor that owns the merchant contracts where financial institutions like in other markets own those contracts. So we are -- I would say, half of our time and the GMs in each of the markets that we operate, Brendan and Darren, that's a big part of their incentive as well as their responsibility to me is to look for new opportunities. And I would say the pipeline, being a public company, is makes it a lot easier, because people know who we are. You can go pull our 10-K and read about the company; whereas a private organization it is or business is much more complicated. So, I think the pipeline is as good as it's been. We also are respectful of the fact that we were committed to delever the company from the IPO, which we have done from 6 down to what 4.2 now?
Kevin Hodges: 4.2.
Jim Kelly: And we'll continue to trend down. The tuck-in acquisitions that we've been doing are relatively small. I think just because they're small in size -- as Brendan mentioned, we would picked up TouchBistro in Mexico; it's a big win and we'll continue to do those type of transactions in markets. So yes, big transactions, small transactions; I don't think it's necessarily the size. It's really just fitting the strategy.
Bob Napoli: Great. Thanks. Thanks, team, congratulations on solid trends.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could go a little bit further on Chile and with the Bci deal. Do you have any comment on the kind of competitive nature of that deal? I assume you've been working with them for a long time. But I think one of your competitors is also in the market with a processing contract with one of the large banks down there. So I'm just kind of curious, how you see that market; whether you see there being further opportunities for opening that up. And I guess how fast do you think that is going to take off as we head into 2020 and you start to board new merchants? Thank you.
Brendan Tansill: Yeah. Thanks. Good question. And this is Brendan Tansill here. So as it relates to Chile, what we saw out of Bci is relatively typical for a bank that's evaluating -- establishing a partnership from an international acquirer like an EVO. So they engaged a third-party consultancy and ran an RFP. It was sent out for bid. And for bid there was no consideration paid because there was no back book of merchants as Jim mentioned. But it was bid to the extent that we had to go down there present our capabilities. We had to spend a considerable amount of time with the senior management of the bank to ensure social and cultural and strategic alignment. There was some reverse due diligence of our facilities here in the U.S. So we hosted them at, at least two of our facilities here to get them comfortable with how we operate our business here domestically. And then after a number of discussions with them around how we would envision the joint venture operating and how we would envision the governance working, they ultimately selected us as their partner. And the only real work to do after that is to execute a contract that we call Marketing Alliance Agreement, which is the document, by which our two organizations align themselves. And then I guess the Shareholders Agreement as well. As we've been clear we own 50.1% and they own 49.9%. So that was the selection process. As it relates to ramping, there's still regulatory approval to be achieved. So we would expect that to come sometime here in the fall. That's about as specific as they've been with us, so it's as specific as we can be with you. And then I think in my comments, in the earlier portion of the call, I made reference to our experience in Ireland. And I think it's highly germane here because the two efforts are remarkably similar. While we're entering a new market where we don't have capabilities prior to our partnership, in Ireland it took us -- we experienced very rapid growth and four years in we're at 25% market share. And that's a market, which is really a duopoly from a banking perspective with Allied Irish Bank and Bank of Ireland being the two large financial institutions each with roughly 40% share. So our 25% share I think still has room to go in Ireland. And I would expect that our acquiring share in Chile would similarly coalesce around the banking share of the bank if not surpass it. So the bank I believe is a 17% market share player and we would expect to get there in a relatively compressed timeframe. And then we would expect further that the market would continue to experience significant growth. As Jim mentioned transactions have grown each year for the last five years at roughly a 20% CAGR. So we think that the market has a long runway where if we can position the business appropriately, align our product and technology capabilities with the bank's distribution, but there's no reason why we can't be enormously successful. And then I guess the final question, I heard you ask was our entrance into the market vis--vis other parties. Again in the case of our competitors that have entered the market that's more of a processing relationship. So they're receiving a fee per transaction to process transactions. But they're not so much in the acquiring business where they're participating in the discount rate that is charged to merchants to provide the acquiring services. And we are more in the latter camp where we are processing. But we are processing as a means to an end. And that end is delivering a value proposition to the customer. So we ourselves are generating the customer relationship. We are maintaining that relationship and we are pricing the merchant to reflect the value that we're delivering and also the risk that that individual merchant presents to the company, to the joint venture. So while our business I think will undoubtedly result in some near-term operating losses as Jim highlighted in the answer to Tien-Tsin's question, we feel like our growth should be significant and the long-term profit opportunity is substantial.
Jim Schneider: That's helpful color. Thank you. And then maybe as a follow-up. Kevin, can you maybe just talk about the EPS guidance? You outperform pretty significantly versus The Street and our own expectations in Q2. So I guess I'm just wondering if the North American margin performance is sustainable as you mentioned earlier, is there anything we should be thinking about in the back half of the year that would pose a headwind to earnings growth. Thank you.
Kevin Hodges: No. We, obviously, talked about what we've been seeing in Spain that most significantly impacts the revenue but drops into the EBITDA and the EPS as well. We sort of called out the color on revenue because we do have -- we're trying to make up the difference on the EBITDA side. And so we've got the teams kind of putting in place some initiatives there. And then just on the EPS side, we do have the impact of the April follow-on offering, increase in number of shares. You would have seen not going from Q1 to Q2. That, obviously, continues for the rest of the year. And then we do get some benefit from the lower depreciation just as a result of the lower CapEx that we've been seeing, the first half of the year.
Jim Schneider: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi good morning. Appreciate taking the question. Jim, I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing in U.S. e-com and maybe some of the initiatives or steps you're taking to improve growth there? And then just broadly when you look at your e-com strategy globally, could you may be position EVO versus some of the other players in the market? What really differentiates your go-to-market? And what do you think, gives you a competitive advantage, as you try to take share?
Jim Kelly: Okay. So on the excuse me on the first point relative to the U.S. nothing significant has changed relative to what we've said on prior calls. We're looking to round out the team. As we've mentioned, we've brought some of our capabilities that, originated internationally, mainly our gateway into the U.S. to be able to offer that as a solution for as opposed to using, third-party gateways. I would say, beyond the U.S. I think we called out in Mexico, as well as Europe, that we use a common gateway. So this is the one that we acquired around the same time we acquired Snap. It was not necessarily one that was well-known in terms of the Stripe's, Adyen's, Worldpays. But in terms of capabilities as you know, less capabilities. And our differentiation is the same differentiation, that a Bci gives us or any of the other 16 international banks, that we do business with and Deutsche Bank here domestically is their distribution. So, to the extent, that they have merchants that need e-commerce, which they do, we're the chosen, exclusive provider. So those businesses will come to us directly. I think so in particular, in e-commerce, where it's been around for quite some time. Many of these larger companies already have integrations to third parties. And to the extent they do, we'll still be the acquirer. But we may have a competitor platform in between. And to some extent, we would prefer it to be ours. But it's not necessarily a game changer. Our strategy is about building distribution, not necessarily building e-commerce distribution versus face-to-face versus ISV. But to build distribution through the financial institution networks that we currently have. And we will continue to expand. And then, take all our capabilities. And make those available to the customers.
Andrew William: And do you think that, you can gain traction in those initiatives this year? Or are we thinking about 2020, as being the period in which, you're likely to see that part of your business accelerate. And contribute more to organic growth?
Jim Kelly: Yeah. It is today internationally accelerate -- it is a big part of the growth or component of growth, in the international markets. Domestically, though I would say, we'll need another year to shift what was, a business dependent on third parties referring business, to us to a business that's more organically generated. So, I'm not expecting any change for this year and likely not for next year either, in the U.S. piece.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Jim Kelly: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from George Mihalos with Cowen. Your line is now open.
George Mihalos: Congrats on the results. Just wanted to ask as we look at the transaction growth this quarter in North America obviously it spiked very nicely; just curious if you could provide some color on that. It sounded like you had a lot more momentum in areas like Mexico and the like. But what drove that? And how should we be thinking about that transaction growth going forward?
Brendan Tansill: It's Brendan here. Thanks for the good question. So what you saw out of Mexico and North America transaction growth was we assumed the debit business for several of our largest corporate customers in the quarter. And that switch from an alternate provider to EVO's Mexico business resulted in very significant transaction growth.
Georgios Mihalos: Hey! Good morning guys and congrats on the results.
Brendan Tansill: Good morning. Thank you.
Georgios Mihalos: Just wanted to ask as we look at the transaction growth this quarter, in North America obviously it spiked very nicely; just curious if you could provide some color on that. It sounded like you had a lot more momentum in areas like, Mexico and the like. But what drove that? And how should we be thinking about that, transaction growth going forward?
Brendan Tansill: Hey. Gorge good morning. Its Brendan here and thanks for the good question. So what you saw out of Mexico and North America transaction growth was we assumed the debit business for several of our largest corporate customers, in the quarter. And that switch from an alternate provider to EVO's Mexico business, resulted in very significant transaction growth.
Georgios Mihalos: Got you, okay. That's helpful. And then, just a question Jim, building off the e-com questions I think you said for Way2Pay, you're processing for 70% of the merchants there. Do you have a similar number four Snap overall? Where you're sort of providing the gateway and doing the processing?
Jim Kelly: I wouldn't have it off the top of my head, as to total number of merchants that are on there. But yes, we could call that out on another call. Or we can do that at a later point in time. We were just highlighting our Way2Pay. And one of the questions we had earlier in terms of these smaller tuck-in-type acquisitions. Way2Pay's been very successful, in Ireland. It's now moving over to the U.K. And it's kind of for us a bit of a hybrid between software and e-commerce capabilities. So we were just referencing the fact that, this before we acquired it, was just simply a gateway and now we're picking up substantial part of the schools or sports organizations that are utilizing the service we are also the acquirer same for ClearONE. And you'll see the same for SF Systems. That is strategy I think we developed with Snap. And expanded to Sterling and are continuing to locate these types of assets. Internationally, they're relatively small. And they are oriented to clicks, as opposed to the acquiring fee. And that's as Brendan was describing Chile, that's the business that, we're in. We're maybe the last of the mono line acquirers that are public companies. And our focus is to get as close to the merchant as possible and to try to eliminate as many intermediaries between us in the merchant as possible.
Georgios Mihalos: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ramsey El Assal with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Ramsey El Assal: Hi, guys and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about the impact of Easter timing in the quarter. Was it a perceptible driver of growth? Or did it play out the way you thought? We had it in our model as maybe a little bit more of an impact.
Jim Kelly: Yeah. It would be entirely a guess. As we were putting the script together that was one of the questions actually I asked of Kevin to try to -- and that's why we put it in the script. So we were at 13% for Mexico. And that's a market that we probably saw it more notably. But it was probably 1% to 2% to the extent we can guess how many people spent the month before or the month after relative to Easter. And that would align with what our expectations were for Mexico. Likewise for Poland, there's some other noise in the Polish numbers, as Kevin mentioned, but you're probably 1% or 2%. If you went back to the scripts last quarter, we were down I think at 8% or 9% for Mexico as a corollary.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. I wanted to ask also about the sort of broader DCC opportunity. I guess for some of these newer deals that have yet to roll on whether it's Bci or EuroBic or maybe even Postbank. First of all, any of the new distribution sort of lend itself to DCC with footprints that are maybe heavy in kind of tourist locations airports, casinos things like that? I guess that's the first part of the question. And then second is just more broadly how penetrated is your existing book with DCC? Is there incremental opportunity there to kind of ferret out new locations? Or is it sort of what you have today is kind of the steady state of DCC in your business?
Jim Kelly: Well, I've only been to Chile a couple of times, so I can't speak to the tourists. But last time I was down there was around Christmas time. And there was a lot of Americans heading down there to get on a boat and go to South America. So apparently that's the thing to do at Christmas in Chile. Not South America. Excuse me. To Antarctica. I would say that every market has the opportunity for DCC and we would make that available as a product. I think we've also seen because of all the heightened attention on DCC in Europe last year that there was probably some level of pullback by consumers potentially because we saw some level of slowing as Kevin has said on a couple of calls. I don't know that there's more penetration opportunity in the existing books. The Polish business was already very well advanced with DCC. It's an in-house capability. We don't use a third-party. We set rates and can change rates during the day. And we've been effective in rolling that out into the Spanish market for instance and into Ireland. We do have a new book in Europe, Liberbank. So there is activity in increasing DCC capabilities, because the legacy national processor called SECA there just has less capabilities on the DCC side. So it is part of the playbook wherever we go, but I don't know that it's something that would be overly material in the near term.
Ramsey El-Assal: Great. Thanks so much.
Jim Kelly: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Good morning folks.
Jim Kelly: Hey, Ashwin. Hey. The first question I guess for Kevin. Hi, Kevin. Relative to our expectations the EPS beat seemed to be due to lower depreciation which you mentioned in answer to a previous question relative to lower CapEx in the first half. Wasn't clear to me was whether that lower CapEx is a sustainable. And if so why?
Kevin Hodges: Yes. So as far as, yes, it's sustainable. So what we've seen this year is lower CapEx compared to 2018 largely around point-of-sale terminals. We spent a lot of money last year in CapEx $50 million nearly, $50 million CapEx really around some key initiatives to develop the cashless initiative in Poland. Now that it's annualized, it's more regular. We don't have to make as large of an investment this year, just in terminal purchases. And then we've also just seen lower terminal requirements needed in some of our other international markets. Outside of CapEx or outside of point-of-sale terminals, we've also annualized some of the IT investments that we made last year particularly in the second quarter of last year in North America. We haven't needed to repeat those in 2019. So we've been tracking more a new run rate of CapEx. I think our Q2 CapEx was pretty close to what we spent in Q1 and we're sort of anticipating that for the remainder of the year as well.
Jim Kelly: Yeah. Ashwin really has been a very big focus this year going into this year about getting CapEx down and being more aggressive maybe than we had in the past. I think last year we just convergence of the cashless program as Kevin said and some office refurbishments expansions. And as we do make acquisitions, there's going to be maybe not as much CapEx, but there's going to be more cash spending. So our focus this year is to improve cash flow. And I don't know that we expected it to be as strong as what we've seen thus far this year. But we've taken a very good look at the balance of the year. We think this will continue into the fourth quarter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. And then that comment on lower terminal requirement is something changing in your relationship as it relates to the terminal manufacturers? Or is it some would be maybe newer relationships like the TouchBistro coming on? What's going on in that market?
Jim Kelly: I would say, it's two things. One the cashless ate up a -- we bought a lot of terminals. I have on the thousands  Darren, how many thousands do we put out in Poland?
Darren Wilson: Over 45,000.
Jim Kelly: I would say by me  by management on being more careful on when we time purchases. As a privately held company, we would sometimes buy up on a better price and I think some of that spilled into last year. But there's no shift in terms of strategy. In TouchBistro as an example it is not necessarily going to change. In terms of size, it's not going to change the spend -- for terminals in Mexico. This will go up. I mean it's not going to be overly material. But it'll go up as we go into Chile because I think Chile's got a similar model as most of these markets do where the bank was historically or in this case Transbank was providing terminals.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And Jim, I know this questions been asked before with regards to the three large acquisitions that have happened in the industry and the impact on EVO from those. And you kind of mentioned in the past that really you're not seeing much of an impact. I just want to get sort of a down-the-road update. Are you beginning to see any actions as these deals start to close? Anything to watch out for that's really playing in different markets?
Jim Kelly: So personally, no. I mean know that they all just closed or are about to close. I think Global's still not closed. Global TSYS is not closed yet. Anytime you have a transaction the magnitude of these which were quite surprising I think to everybody at least to me they were and particular the speed at which they occurred -- plus when we make these type of transactions, we're announcing the synergies and synergies translate to people. So I think on the positive we see people who are open to leaving. There are really good -- there's talent in every one of these companies. So for us I think there are opportunities on the talent side. From the customer network we're very oriented domestically and these are mainly domestic transactions. We're very oriented to the dealer network for ISV sales. So I've heard anecdotal stories from those conferences about disruption within organizations as to who's going to be in charge and what does that mean downstream? So I think anytime you put change nobody likes change anytime there's change in the marketplace I think that provides opportunities for people that are not experiencing that change. But I haven't seen aggressive pricing or different type of proposals at this stage. That hasn't occurred.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Understood. Thank you, guys.
Jim Kelly: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey. Great. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to see if we can go a little bit deeper on Mexico and Poland. I mean you gave us a great overview of the numbers there for the quarter. But just kind of at a higher level longer-term view what are you seeing right now just from a macro standpoint, penetration rates on the consumer and the merchant side market sharing competitive landscape? Would just love some color on those markets.
Jim Kelly: I'm going to have Darren take the Poland question and then I'll have Brendan take on Mexico.
Jason Kupferberg: Great.
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim. In Poland we're really starting to see the kind of more Western Europe adoption of ISV leading into CEE. So the growth in integrated solutions, tax reporting solutions much like the cashless initiative the government is very interested in eradicating the black economy and the growth of e-commerce. So the digital agenda is seeing increased kind of volume transitions from pay-by-link, bank account, off-line, cash-type transactions to card and digital. So that penetration it's the early days yet, but we're certainly seeing a good step-up in the digital technology-enabled opportunities, which we're very focused on with the assets we have in other market integrated to our Poland platform so good opportunities.
Brendan Tansill: And then switching to Mexico. It's Brendan again here. So the market is still largely controlled by banks. BBVA remains our number one competitor. And BBVA has been very clear both specific to Mexico and then across their portfolio of markets globally that they will continue to run acquiring as an in-house service. I would say the same. Global obviously just entered the market with HSBC. But HSBC is a smaller financial institution in the market. Where we see growth in Mexico is really around e-commerce and then of course ISVs. So on the e-commerce side as I've indicated to you guys in the past e-commerce today accounts for roughly 10% of our volume, but that grows at 50% a year. So it's small today, but it's exciting in terms of growth. And we see that growth as highly sustainable which is why we've made the technical investment to export our gateway capabilities from Europe to Mexico. And then similarly around the ISV piece, it's precisely why we made the acquisition and investment in SF Systems to bring the integration capabilities in-house. And as we said in the release there, it's not just the technology. It's also the personnel and the development capabilities to support additional integrations as new ISVs come to us. And so on my last visit to Mexico, it just so happened that we happened to be hosting the TouchBistro management team at our office as I walked through the front door. And we had the opportunity to connect a little bit about why TouchBistro and EVO happened to be partnering together. And I think that the team there felt comfortable with our focus on ISVs, the investment that we had made to acquire SF Systems. We've got a ring-fence sales force in Mexico, dedicated solely to the pursuit of new ISV relationships. So we feel like through -- focus through technical investment and capabilities that we can continue to take share in ISVs in the e-commerce piece and that the share shift that you see here in the U.S. from traditional direct acquiring with a terminal next to a cash register to a integrated solution and an online solution for omni-channel merchants that's where we can really see accelerated growth and take market share in the market.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's all helpful. And just a quick follow-up I know you mentioned likely losses for a couple years on Bci. Can you help us size that?
Jim Kelly: I think we'll have more color as we get to closing. We're still having to stand up a technical infrastructure in the market. So I think we're probably a call away from being able to give you that insight.
Jason Kupferberg: Fair enough. Thank you.
Jim Kelly: Really we're not anticipating -- I'll give you a parallel I guess to some extent Ireland. Maybe we lost 2 million or 3 million total over the two or three years that it took to get to breakeven. So it's not a large number. Remember too thought, here we're only at half of the business. So half of the losses will be covered by Bci. And we're half of the profit as well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Kartik Mehta: Hey, good morning. Jim, you talked about Santander and maybe some of the issues you're facing in Spain. What can you do, is there anything you can do or other partners that are out there that might help you offset some of the losses from that portfolio?
Jim Kelly: Yes. So good morning, Kartik. Santander acquired Popular. Popular was the relationship we have or had previous to that acquisition. The relationship extends to 2030. It's exclusive them to us. They've announced that they accelerated their consolidation as I mentioned on consolidations. They've set a pretty large target for cost reduction and they've closed a number of branches. So unfortunately, that's out of our control. We have a strategy to do I think exactly what you are alluding to which is expand around that relationship. So Liberbank was one example; that acquisition was last year. And Portugal which is not closed obviously not Spain. But it would be the same management team that would look after it. Again, that one has been announced; it's not yet closed. And we continue to be active in the market. But Santander, it's a great team there. It's a very good relationship. It's the biggest bank in Spain. So we're unfortunately going to have to weather the storm I guess so-to-speak through their migration or consolidation and we will remain active looking for other relationships in the market.
Kartik Mehta: And then I think you talked about SCA in Europe part of PSD2. Does that create any opportunities for you in Europe in terms of revenue or the ability to take market share, anything that that might help as a catalyst for growth?
Jim Kelly: I'll let our European in the room take that call. Darren?
Darren Wilson: Hi, Kartik. Thanks for call.
Kartik Mehta: You too.
Darren Wilson: Thanks for the message. Yes, SCA, in question, yes, SCA is an evolving picture as you well know in terms of where the EBA is going to land ultimately on its guidance for implementation. There are very many entities in Europe that will not be ready for SCA. And SCA is obviously covering payless transactions as well as e-commerce although the major elements are on the e-commerce side. So whatever partner isn't ready and they may not get the extension from a local regulator I think clearly that affords opportunity. That said, the industry statistics are at the minute that 20% to 30% of transactions could effectively be rejected, which is what's putting pressure on the EBA, but also local regulators. France has already called for a two-year delay; Italy, similar; Nordics applying delays in implementation. MasterCard is proposing kind of an 18-month roadmap. So there are various countries or entities proposing delays on it. So I think it's such a moving piece that I couldn't say there's a big short term loan growth because I think that 14 September date is just going to extend. So but whatever the opportunities in terms of ensuring partners and our merchants are seamlessly integrated into a Snap or APG e-commerce proposition that gets them SCA compliant then clearly we have opportunities for windfalls there. But I think the runway is still lengthy to see where this will play out over the next 18 months to two years.
Kartik Mehta: Thank you, very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open.
Joseph Foresi: Hi, I just want to get a sense of -- can be hear me, Okay. So I just wanted to get of -- I think you talked about 75 basis points to 100 basis points headwind from Banco Popular and were also kind of onboarding or waiting to onboard Chile and I guess Portugal. Maybe you could talk about sort of the relative headwind versus the possible tailwind. Do you expect those to be offset? And if so when do you expect Chile and Portugal to start to contribute? How should we think about those presently and going forward?
Jim Kelly: Okay. So I think Kevin has covered on Spain or specifically the Popular Santander situation. In terms of EuroBic, there's no headwind on EuroBic. That's all going to be tailwind. So it's a back book. We're going to buy half of the back book so there'll be immediate revenue coming in once that transaction closes. We are I guess aggressively pressing both the regulator to the extent we can do that but more the bank to finish off what's necessary. It took us almost a year to close Popular years ago when we first bought that business. So it's not unprecedented that they take this long. It's longer than I had originally expected; and that's why we updated the expectations. So that's a positive. And from a revenue standpoint, Bci as well is going to be very favorable. I think the component is how much cost do we have to spend to attain that revenue? The referrals are going to come in from the financial institution. The only cost will really be the sales piece because the back office is really just going to be spread over the Mexican business. In our company there'll be some charges but that's not something that you would otherwise see. But as I said earlier standing up a sales force hiring a sales force they'll get paid ahead of the revenue. Our revenue comes in transaction-by-transaction so it builds over time. So I would expect over a two-year time period we should see a breakeven. And as the business gets bigger and is more profitable, then we'll likely move some of the front-line customer service to Chile, even though culturally language wise it's a very good match. Still people like to talk at least if they have a customer service question to somebody in the country. But that's probably two to three years out and we wouldn't do that until the business was more than breakeven.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. Okay. And then my second question is just, around sort of framing the argument or the discussion long term. Can you talk about any updates on your long-term outlook on annual margins and the potential to expand there and obviously also on the debt side and the debt leverage? I just want to get an update on both of those. Thanks.
Jim Kelly: Okay. I'm not sure that they really changed from last year when we went public. We've been laser-focused on margins and I think we've exceeded our expectations of how much we could move margins up in a relatively short period of time from pre-IPO to where we are today. To some extent size matters, I think that's a place that size matters because more revenue spread over a fixed cost base or largely fixed cost base is going to drive margins up. So we are hyper focused on expansion .As I said earlier in markets that we're currently in South America as an example into new markets. Asia Pacific remains an area of interest. Many of us coming from Global were there when we set up the HSBC in 11 markets so we're very familiar with that region as well. So, as we get bigger not just through organic efforts but through acquisitions and not the acquisitions that you've really seen to-date, but more sizable acquisitions. I think you'll see the margin tick up more than the 50 to 75 basis points that we've historically been talking about. In terms of leverage, our interest is to continue to pay down the debt. We had said somewhere between two to three times that that would take time to get there. We're moving largely in that direction. But again, as we see opportunities, we're not going to forego the ability to move into a new market or expand into an existing market with a great bank partner or great opportunity. We'll just take a look at the capital structure at that time.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jim Kelly for any closing remarks.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, operator. And thank you all for joining this morning and your continued interest in EVO.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EVO Payments First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed O'Hare, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for EVO. Please go ahead.
Ed O'Hare: Good morning and welcome to EVO Payments' First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast today, and a replay will be available through the investor relations section of EVO's website shortly after the completion of this call. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information, and actual results may differ materially from the views expressed in these statements. For additional information on factors that may cause our actual results to differ from the views expressed in any forward-looking statements made today, please refer to our earnings release; and the risk factors discussed in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K, which is available on our website. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, today's discussion also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. An explanation and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release available on our investor website. Today, we will discuss our first quarter 2019 performance. Joining me on the call today is Jim Kelly, Chief Executive Officer; Kevin Hodges, Chief Financial Officer; Darren Wilson, President, International; and Brendan Tansill, President, North America. Now I will turn the call over to Jim Kelly.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, Ed. And good morning and welcome to EVO's First Quarter Earnings Call, where we will review our results for the quarter; and provide updates on our business performance, our integrations, our new bank partnership in Poland and our recently announced acquisition in Mexico. For the quarter, constant currency adjusted revenue grew at 10% and constant currency adjusted EBITDA grew at 13%. Our results reflect the timing of the Easter holiday in the current year, as compared to the prior year, specifically given the adverse impact on revenue growth in our largest international markets Mexico, Poland, Spain and Ireland. Beginning with our European segment, I'll start with an update on our performance in the U.K. and in Ireland. In the U.K., we are primarily focused on ISV relationships, while in Ireland our sales are driven by leveraging our long-term partnership with the Bank of Ireland. Together, these businesses generated approximately 1,600 new merchants per month, with ISV merchants representing approximately 20% of new business in the U.K. As a reminder, these were startup markets for EVO that began in early 2015, and our performance is largely the result of our strong sales effort and partnership strategies. In Ireland, our e-commerce business continues to gain traction in the market via our Snap platform. Our platform is the single integration point for all our products and services, now including e-commerce capabilities. Since we began offering this product in Ireland last year, we now have over 1,000 merchants, including SMEs, large domestic and multinational companies. In addition, our recent Way2Pay acquisition currently supports over 100 primary and secondary schools in Ireland, with an opportunity of more than 4,000 schools countrywide. We are also expanding the Way2Pay platform to target Irish sports clubs and U.K.-based schools and clubs, both of which represent a large addressable market. By year-end, we expect to launch Way2Pay into all EVO markets via Snap. In the U.K., revenue growth is driven by our relationship with ISVs. Over the last 18 months, we have added over 25 ISVs in the market and signed over 4,000 new merchant locations. Additionally, utilizing ClearONE's ISV integrations, we are already launching the platform capabilities directly into the U.K. while we continue to finish ClearONE's integration to Snap. Turning to our largest European market. Poland continues to perform as expected after considering the Easter holiday timing, the annualization of the initial year of the cashless program and a commission refund. The Polish business remains focused on accelerating its Tech-enabled division, with a heavy emphasis on e-commerce to complement our very strong Direct division. Additionally, this quarter, we signed an agreement with the government to install over 2,000 terminals in its police vehicles to enable electronic payments for traffic and other citations. Finally, Spain also had a solid start to the year after considering the Easter holiday timing. Spain's growth is driven by its core bank referral business, direct sales efforts and tech-enabled sales. Liberbank continues to perform as expected. Santander continues to show solid new referral growth. However, these are somewhat being impacted by the ongoing efforts by the bank to integrate and consolidate the Popular branches. The Tech-enabled division performed very well and is a catalyst for accelerated growth. Additionally, the ClearONE gateway continues to exceed expectations in terms of the number of new relationships on the platform. The platform now boards over 300 new merchants on the system each month and represents an opportunity to now offer acquiring solutions directly to these merchants. As I mentioned earlier, while the integration to Snap is still pending, ClearONE's technology solution has already been extended to the U.K. We remain very optimistic about the ongoing benefits of ClearONE's capabilities, its product offerings, strong market reputation and our ability to leverage the acquisition beyond the Spanish market. Turning now to North America. In the Tech-enabled division, our U.S. ISV business unit grew in the mid-teens for the quarter. We now support ISVs that span over 50 unique vertical markets across our combined dealer and direct ISV networks in the U.S. While today our ISV business is heavily concentrated in hospitality, our objective is to further diversify toward supporting software solutions in high-growth verticals with still low penetration. To that end, we are sourcing new ISV relationships and looking to acquire gateway integration companies, as we did with Sterling and Notice. Our B2B business unit continues to be the fastest-growing component of our U.S. Tech-enabled division, demonstrating very strong double-digit growth for the quarter. We are now cross-selling, acquiring services to Notice's software customers and are offering Notice's gateway solutions to our core B2B customers. We have also successfully launched an Oracle ERP solution with new B2B customers and see additional opportunities regarding other ERP solutions. Turning now to Mexico. Revenue growth was again in line with our expectations after considering the impact of the Easter holiday. In the first quarter, we added customers in key verticals such as health care, government, education and hospitality as a result of our strong alliances with Citibank and Sabadell. We also added a large national retail merchant with over 100 locations and a large insurance company, again thanks to our bank relationships and our strong internal sales efforts. As stated on the last call, we launched our global e-commerce platform into Mexico earlier this year to offer end-to-end solutions for our customers. Next, I'd like to provide an update on the ongoing integration work, the new bank relationships and our recently announced acquisition in Mexico. In the first quarter, we migrated another portion of the Santander portfolio from the national processor to our Polish platform. We anticipate the remaining merchants will be largely migrated by year-end. The Liberbank migration should begin during the second half of this year and be completed the first half of 2020. The German systems and back-office migration previously discussed on the third quarter earnings call is on schedule and should be completed by year-end. The savings associated with that integration have been reflected in our 2019 guidance. Finally, the work to migrate our Mexican back-end systems to our U.S. platform remains on track, with testing likely to occur by year-end and the migration to begin in the second half of 2020. Next, I'd like to discuss our new bank partnership in Poland. Postbank is a Polish national retail bank with a focus in small cities and towns, which also complements our PKO footprint. We were selected as their partner through a competitive process whereby our capabilities stood out to successfully displace the incumbent. This new relationship offers us 1,000 locations from which to market our products and services. The incumbent acquirer owns the back book of merchants' contracts, so like in our Irish business when it began, we will be starting fresh with the new bank relationship. However, we have the opportunity to target its existing merchant base of 11,000 merchants. And then finally, in Mexico we recently signed an agreement to acquire certain assets of SF Systems, an ISV integrator similar to ClearONE. We currently have merchants whose ISV POS systems are connected through their gateway and will now have direct control over the platform to accelerate integrated growth in the market. SF Systems is currently integrated with some of the largest POS providers in the country, including Micros, Simphony and OPERA. The platform is also integrated to support smaller ISVs, which are the fastest-growing part of the integrated market. Like Notice -- excuse me, like Snap, Notice, ClearONE and Way2Pay, SF Systems accelerates our speed to market for integrated payments in Mexico. We will integrate SF Systems into our Snap platform as we have done with our other integrated acquisitions, giving our U.S. and European ISVs access to the Mexican market. Overall, we are very pleased with our results. And Kevin now will cover the financials in more detail. Kevin?
Kevin Hodges: Thank you, Jim. And good morning, everyone. As Jim mentioned, EVO delivered a strong quarter of top and bottom line growth. For the first quarter, adjusted revenue excluding the Traditional division grew 13% on an adjusted currency-neutral basis, with acquisitions contributing to five percentage points of that growth. FX negatively impacted revenue by 480 basis points in the quarter, as anticipated. Based on the current FX rates, most of the adverse FX impact, compared to 2018, occurs in the first half of 2019, although the euro and the Polish zloty continued to weaken versus the prior year. As Jim previously mentioned, Q1 growth rates were likely impacted further because of the Easter holiday timing, particularly in Mexico, Spain, Poland and Ireland. As a reminder, EVO adopted ASC 606 on January 1, 2019. Our revenue is now reported net of card network fees, which were $23.9 million in the first quarter. We are reporting adjusted revenue excluding this deduction to aid in comparability with 2018. In the first quarter, we continued to deliver currency-neutral adjusted revenue growth in our largest international markets, including Poland at 20%, Spain at 9%, the Irish and U.K. market at 25% and Mexico at 7%. As mentioned earlier, growth rates in these markets were likely impacted by the timing of the Easter holiday. Also in the quarter, Raiffeisenbank, which had been a partner in Poland for the last three years, sold the bank to BNP Paribas; and we will no longer receive referrals from this bank. Going forward, we expect our new relationship with Postbank to more than offset the loss of referrals from Raiffeisen. Additionally, in Poland one of our larger customers was acquired and migrated processing faster than expected, which will adversely impact growth for the balance of the year. Growth will also be impacted, beginning in Q2, by the annualization of several large merchants that we added in 2018. On a currency-neutral basis, adjusted EBITDA increased 13% to $30.6 million. Currency-neutral adjusted EBITDA margin increased 43 basis points compared to the prior year period or 128 basis points excluding new public company costs. Looking at our North America segment. First quarter adjusted revenue excluding the Traditional division increased 12% over the prior year period on a currency-neutral basis, with acquisitions contributing to seven percentage points of that growth. Within the segment, our U.S. Tech-enabled adjusted revenue increased 11% compared to the prior year period and represents half of U.S. adjusted revenue. Our U.S. Direct and Traditional divisions adjusted revenue grew 7%, which reflects low single-digit organic revenue growth in the Direct division, the Federated buyout and expected declines in the Traditional division. On a currency-neutral basis, our adjusted revenue per transaction in North America increased 2% in the quarter, which reflects the growth in our ISV and B2B business units, slightly offset by the impact of large merchants in Mexico who have recently been growing faster than our smaller merchants. Our B2B business unit has merchants with high average ticket sizes compared to the average retail merchant, increasing the revenue per transaction for the segments. Segment profit for the quarter was $22.7 million, an increase of 9% on a currency-neutral basis. North America segment profit margin improved 36 basis points to 28.9% in the quarter due to our revenue growth and ongoing operating efficiencies. Turning to Europe; we saw strong performance out of this segment as well. Segment adjusted revenue in the quarter grew 14% over the prior year period on a currency-neutral basis despite the negative impact of the Easter holiday timing. In the first quarter, our adjusted revenue per transaction in Europe declined 3% due to the growing number of large merchants performing well in the market and lower DCC take rates, which will annualize in Q4. We saw first quarter European tech-enabled transactions grow 17% versus the prior year, driven by our sales in Poland, Spain, Ireland and the U.K. The Tech-enabled division now represents 21% of European adjusted revenue. Segment profit for the quarter was $14 million, an increase of 28% on a currency-neutral basis. For the quarter, segment profit margin was 24.7%, an increase of 272 basis points compared with the prior year due to lower head count and operating expenses as we continued to consolidate back-office functions across Europe, coupled with the previously mentioned commission refund. Turning to our corporate expenses. Adjusted corporate expenses grew $1.6 million to $6.1 million for the quarter, compared to the prior year period, primarily due to new public company costs. Expenses related to operations as a public company largely began in Q2 2018, and the company is continuing to make investments in this area during 2019. Pro forma adjusted net income was $6.5 million for the quarter, reflecting growth of 91%. On a reported basis, consolidated net loss was $19 million for the quarter. Reflecting adjustments described in our press release and all share classes, pro forma adjusted net income per share was $0.08. At the end of the quarter, our basic share count was 26.4 million, which represents the weighted average Class A common stock outstanding. Including all share classes and dilutive securities, we had 83.3 million shares outstanding. In April, we successfully completed a follow-on offering of 5.75 million shares of Class A common stock including five million shares sold by existing shareholders and 750,000 new shares. Net proceeds from the new share issuance of approximately $19 million were used to pay down existing debt on our credit facility. In the first quarter, we spent $6.5 million in capital expenditures, of which 71% was for point-of-sale terminals in our international markets. CapEx declined 24% versus the prior year period, as we annualized the terminal investments made in the prior year to support the cashless initiative in Poland and the timing of other purchases last year. We ended the quarter with net leverage of 4.5x last 12 months adjusted EBITDA. After the debt paydown from our April follow-on offering, net leverage is now 4.3x last 12 months adjusted EBITDA. Interest expense declined 24% in the quarter compared to the prior year period. Free cash flow, described as adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures, less net interest expense, was $13.2 million, an increase of 152% over the prior year period. And finally, based on our Q1 performance and outlook for the remainder of the year, we are providing an update to our 2019 guidance. We now expect reported revenue, with the impact of ASC 606, to range from $496 million to $505 million. On an adjusted basis adding back the impact of ASC 606, we now expect revenue to range from $601 million to $610 million, for the growth of 6% to 8% over 2018. We expect FX headwinds for the remainder of 2019 to be approximately 350 basis points, with the Q2 impact expected to be 420 points. However, as previously stated, we expect the unfavorable impacts from FX to be stronger in the first half of 2019. Therefore, on a currency-neutral basis, we now expect adjusted revenue to grow 10% to 12% compared to 2018 results. Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be in a range of $159 million and $163 million, reflecting growth of 7% to 10% over 2018 adjusted EBITDA or 11% to 14% on a currency-neutral basis. Adjusted EBITDA margin is now expected to range from 26.5% to 26.7%, reflecting expansion of 40 to 60 basis points over 2018 currency-neutral adjusted EBITDA margin. We expect lower margin expansion in Q2 compared to Q1 but expect greater margin expansion in the second half of the year as we annualize public company costs and benefit from the back-office consolidations and migrations. Net loss per share attributable to EVO on a GAAP basis is now expected to be $0.29 to $0.23 compared to a net loss per share attributable to EVO of $0.70 in 2018. Pro forma adjusted net income per share is now expected to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.58, reflecting growth of 12% to 18% on a currency-neutral basis. These numbers are calculated based on an updated pro forma share count of 84 million shares, which includes all share classes. We now expect capital expenditures to be in the range from $45 million to $50 million, with 60% being comprised of point-of-sale terminals. Our updated outlook does not consider the pending EuroBic and SF Systems acquisitions or additional share issuances. I will now turn the call back over to Jim. Jim?
Jim Kelly: Thanks, Kevin. I will now turn the call over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ramsey El Assal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Budish: This is actually Ben Budish on for Ramsey. I wanted to ask about your ISV business in the U.K. and more, I guess, on the content of just acquiring in general. I think a lot of people look at the Europe as being a couple innings behind the U.S. And it seems that you guys are having some success there. I guess, could you comment maybe more broadly on how big is the opportunity in the U.K., Europe? How penetrated are those markets? How does the U.K. compare to the continent?
Jim Kelly: Good morning, thank you. I would agree. I think we're than a couple innings behind in terms of the impact to the business. The European market is still very bank-centric. It's still very terminal-centric. So the successes -- when we started in the U.K. about 18 months to two years ago, it was really a startup specifically in the ISV space. And that's why we're seeing such great growth, because our entire group there is -- will be focused on growing that segment of the market, as opposed to supporting institutions, but it's not just limited to that market. The Spanish market as well, we've seen very significant growth. As we mentioned on the last call, our acquisition of ClearONE accelerated our interconnectivity to ISVs across the Spanish market, which we've now been able to export into the U.K. market. We see the same opportunity in Poland. It's just early innings, to use your analogy, relative to the United States, but I think it'll gain traction quickly.
Ben Budish: And if I can get one more. Could you maybe give some color on just the cadence of M&A contributions throughout the year? I know there's Federated but a number of others. I guess, when do things start to lap? And when can we expect more of a -- like a normalized growth rate? Or normalized to reflect organic.
Jim Kelly: Well, so Federated was last year. Federated was a business that we already owned part of. It was part of kind of original EVO, going back into early mid-2000s. So we acquired that in October, the beginning of October, so it would lap in October, but I think, with us, we've made over 20 acquisitions in the last five years. So I think, each year, you're going to have some cadence. Some will be -- to use your baseball analogy, some will be singles and doubles, and then you'll see the odd triple or maybe even larger than that. And that will come periodic. It's -- I mean it's a big part of what we do across all our regions as we look for opportunities to expand our distribution in the existing markets and into new markets, but at the same time, in all of Kevin's comments and mine, we call out FX and we call out acquisitions so you get a sense of what the organic growth rates of each of the markets look like.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to ask on the second quarter growth, maybe get some help on that, versus the first quarter with the Easter shift impact and the loss of Raiffeisen and some tough comps. I think a large client rolling off and other things. Just how do you expect 2Q to shape up on revenue versus Q1?
Jim Kelly: I'll start, then I'll let Kevin continue. So as we called out in the script and, I think, you saw with other companies that have an international footprint, in particular we're in Ireland, Poland, Mexico, Spain. Mexico is almost off sort of an entire week's during the holiday last year. It ended on the 30th, 31st; and this year, it was mid-April. So there are expectations or we will see an uplift relative to what we would have seen in the prior year because of that relative to what we've experienced in this quarter. I think, in terms of the customer rolling off in Poland, it was a business that was acquired by -- it was acquired by another company, and that company is a competitor of ours in Poland. So periodically, we're going to see those headwinds when we're dealing with large merchants, but the business otherwise in Poland continues to be strong. To more of the specifics for the quarter, I don't know, Kevin, if you want to add something.
Kevin Hodges: Yes. And I think the -- what you're going to see in Poland impacting us for the rest of the year, not so much the Raiffeisen agreement. Jim talked about we've got Postbank that's now coming online. It's really going to be, as Jim mentioned, that larger customer that was acquired and migrated off a little bit faster than anticipated.
Jim Kelly: Specific to Raiffeisen; we acquired Raiffeisen in two markets. The expectation when we bought it several years ago was we were going to be pan-European, and then there was a management change within Raiffeisen and a change in strategy. But we didn't give up the 7,500 merchants that we currently have with the bank. They have a non-solicit, so they can't solicit these merchants. It was unfortunate the bank ultimately got acquired, but we knew that there was a risk of that when we originally acquired it. And the new relationship that we happened to sign at the end of -- or I guess it was last week we announced it. That would more than make up for new production. So I'm not expecting that that's going to be a driver to performance -- or underperformance in Poland.
Tien-tsin Huang: So the book stays with you. All right, good to know, that's helpful. The -- just my quick follow-up, the -- Jim, you mentioned buying gateway integration companies like Notice. Just curious how, what kind of assets are out there. At ETA TRANSACT, with that event -- I mean it sounds like there's a lot of activity going on in the ISV space and the integrated space. Just curious how available these assets are to you and if they fit, etcetera.
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think we kind of landed on this after the Sterling acquisition. Well, Sterling didn't come with an integrated -- I mean the one platform they had internally was an integrated solution, but it was specific to them. But they did leverage a domestic third-party platform. And I think that was kind of a motivating factor to be more aggressive in this space to be able to -- instead of acquiring software companies, which we could easily do, the idea was to try to address the entire market. And speed to market is -- if somebody is already in that market, has developed an interface for whatever business reason they did when they started it, that they build the interface to a number of ISVs, then it's easier for us to acquire them than to go through the effort of getting ISVs integrate to us directly. So that's the thesis. And we've now been successful in finding that ClearONE; and then SFS, which was in Mexico. I think the other things that we've learned over the last three or four years with the Snap platform is, trying to get that integrated to every market that we're in as we continue to grow quickly market by market, just it takes longer time just to get everybody's attention as in ISV space to stop what they're doing and integrate to us. So if we can find somebody who's already done the spade work, then we're further down the path. And I think they exist in all markets. We're seeing them. Their -- how far and how effective they've been developed. That'll change market by market or acquisitions by acquisition. The one we just did in Mexico is a sizable company, but -- for the market in terms of what they do, but it's still very early stages, early innings, using the prior comment, in the Mexican market. But Mexico is a very fast-growing market on a number of different fronts: the shift from paper to plastic; e-commerce, very strong market. And I think this will help us because this got us integrated to Micros, Simphony. And they have a number of integrations that would have taken us quite some time to get everybody's attention to integrate to Snap. And this is why we just simply have to take SFS and integrate that directly to Snap that we have -- which is already in Mexico and we have connectively. So I think you'll see us continue to do this. These are small, so it's not like we're buying companies that are material in terms of the impact to revenue initially, but what it does is it gives us connectivity, as I said, to these ISVs, which will drive organic growth which is really where we're ultimately focused on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Mahesh Dass: This is Mahesh Dass on for Bryan. Could you just update us on the progress on the EuroBic acquisition? Are we still on track for a summer close? And can you give us an idea of how large of an opportunity that is, how long it maybe will take to pull through?
Jim Kelly: Sure. So we actually met with the regulators recently. It's on track, but this is not something -- I'm not sure if it's happened yet in Portugal prior, and so this is a new process for the regulators. There -- initially is there's a carve-out of the business by the bank, which has to get approved by the regulator. And then we have to get approval to acquire our interest, which is over 50% interest, yes, in the transaction. So I think initially we thought maybe be ready by the beginning of the summer. I think now we've updated that to the summer, which I guess runs all the way till September. It's not in our hands. It's entirely in the regulator's hands. I can say from a reference standpoint, I know this goes back to a more difficult time in Europe, but it took upwards to 9, 10 months to have the first deal done in Spain or Banco Popular; so we're optimistic. We're providing whatever information, as is the bank, to be able to get the transaction closed, but at this time the best we can estimate is the summer time period. In terms of size, this is roughly 15,000 to 20,000 merchants. It's a business that's been growing, at least historically from what we've seen, above 10%, which is a strong growth rate for that region. And it's predominantly focused on SME. It's not one of the big bank players in the marketplace. In terms of the financial impact, we'll update our guidance with those numbers once we have the transaction closed.
Mahesh Dass: Okay, good. And then one more, just on PSD2. It's kind of been since January since the initiative has been put in place. Anything, any updates or anything that you're seeing there in terms of the competition or any opportunities as a result of the directive?
Jim Kelly: We have Darren with us again, so I'll let Darren take the call since it's his market.
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim. No, there's nothing significant in terms of landscape changes of market behaviors, competitive activity or otherwise. I think everybody is watching and learning and mainly focusing on the compliance side of the agenda rather than the ASP -- AISP. There are some developments in the open banking arena starting, but that's very much the transparency of data between bank account reporting rather than any material new entrants in the market taking any acquiring strategies or development.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Jim, please check your mute button. Okay. It looks like we lost him. Our next question comes from Bob Napoli with William Blair. Your line is open.
Robert Napoli: Good morning. Obviously, been a busy morning juggling calls in the industry.
Jim Kelly: Yes. Many calls at the same time.
Kevin Hodges: At least we had ours on file first, so...
Robert Napoli: Okay, there we go. Just would like an update on your view of the -- where you see strength and weakness from a macro perspective today. I mean you're in some interesting markets. And a lot of different opinions on the macro economy. I was hoping you could maybe give some update on strengths and weaknesses from a macro perspective.
Jim Kelly: Yes, I can -- I'll do it very cursory on that, and I'll let Brendan and Darren to cover North America and Europe more specifically. I get a lot of feedback from the organization from sales, ops, etcetera. And I don't hear anyone saying to me that it's a factor of economy in terms of challenges in the marketplace. So I think this isn't a view of all of '19 or '20, but from our standpoint, we sit in 50 markets that the economy still seems to be robust. We're still seeing opportunities to sign merchants in mature markets like the North America or the U.S. in particular and then internationally. So it's not something from a feedback standpoint that we're seeing. I don't know that I can quote comp store sales because I'd have to go market by market and that gets a little bit more cumbersome, but I'll see if Brendan has any comments to that. Brendan?
Brendan Tansill: I mean my comments in the western hemisphere will be more specific to the various matters of which we compete with in payments. So in the U.S. we continue to see a share shift, a migration from -- to terminals with integrated point-of-sale solutions. We continue to feel really good about our positioning in what we've termed tech-enabled payments. We've now introduced our European gateway proposition to the U.S. market, effective as of the first week of April. And we continue to see gains in ISV as point of sale and then, of course, in B2B as well, where -- our Notice acquisition and the theory that supported that acquisition of integrations to ERPs being a viable way to go to market with larger corporates. That's a strategy that we continue to feel good about, and that's a trend that we don't see ending anytime in the foreseeable future. In Mexico the trends are, again, relatively unchanged. We see a regulator that's committed to eradicating what they've termed the black economy. The motivations out there is, of course, tax collections, but we feel really well positioned there with the certification of that same European gateway now to the Mexican platform and the certification of our Snap technology to the Mexican platform as well. We now have the ability to port our European and American ISV partners to the Mexican market and provide an in-house Internet processing solution where we control the entire end-to-end service delivery. So there once again the theory is more around cash-to-plastic conversion, much more so obviously than the U.S. and Canada, but there's also the same trend of the migration from terminals to integrated point-of-sale solutions and to the Internet. Darren?
Darren Wilson: Similar story to Brendan essentially in that, without going through market by market, we can continue to see the trends in omnichannel, digital, e-commerce growing significantly through Europe. Overall, we're continuing to see average transaction values holding up and ticking up, which is kind of reinforcing a stable inflation environment. Probably the biggest unknown in Europe essentially at the minute obviously is Brexit, and it is an unknown. The story evolves. I think the strong hypothesis is that neither the U.K. nor Europe want a no-deal situation, so the delay to the end of October is giving time to allow some form of deal to be brokered. But obviously our footprint predominantly is based out of the U.K. in terms of Germany, Spain, Poland, etcetera, so we're well positioned for kind of a growing shift from -- or potential shift from the U.K. into Europe, anyway, in terms of domicile of businesses and companies headquartering to remain on Europe rather than the U.K. So we're well protected there and well protected from a licensing perspective as well. So I think that's probably the biggest unknown, but on a macro basis at the moment, all the trends are generally ticking positive.
Robert Napoli: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our question comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Sorry, I got cut before. Maybe you could just give us a little bit of an update on the kind of the turnaround in your kind of traditional markets and when you'd kind of expect the headwinds there to subside and maybe update us on anything you're doing at a strategic level in North America outside of the ISV space to kind of bolster that growth.
Jim Kelly: I think the only market that we've talked about and in terms of fixing or improving performance was around our Direct business. What we refer to as our Traditional business is kind of the legacy EVO business that was here. That largely reflects agents and ISO as kind of the old "feet on the street" model. Most of which -- these people have moved on from this as a career or sold their businesses. And so we really have a legacy business that they can't move that runs off. And that's a double-digit-declining business in a -- to approximate what attrition would look like in the marketplace. The other component of the business that had been declining which is growing which in -- domestically or in U.S. was our Direct business. And we've seen it's in the positive, so it's growing. It's in the black, but it still has some room for improvement, and we're expecting that to continue to prove -- improve. As I've said in the past through the balance of this year, we have a new management team in place, actually just added someone on the operations side. And I think -- the performance there; our acquisition with Federated, which has been going well since the acquisition, I think those things will conspire to continue to drive the improvement in the market -- I mean, in the business, but relative to the market, I'm not expecting this to be more than a single-digit, mid-single-digit grower. I don't see this ever getting to the double digit just given the characteristics; the mix shift, as Brendan mentioned earlier, in the U.S. market. This is not a growth area aligned with something like the ISVs. In terms of strategic, I go back to again what Brendan mentioned earlier. Domestically, if you're specific to domestic, we're very excited about the B2B space. There's a lot of white space in that space where companies have not -- manufacturers have not historically used their ERP infrastructure as a way to accept payments. And we are seeing a good traction in that space, and we'll -- I think you'll continue to see us invest. Then if we were to spend strategically, it -- as we did with Notice, I think this is an area that we will continue to invest in domestically. And then beyond that is to move the capabilities. Since it's connected to the same platform, that's connected to all our infrastructure, Snap. We'll be looking to export that to Europe and to Mexico and then other markets that we end up in over time.
James Schneider: That's helpful. Sorry, I misspoke. I meant Direct and I didn't mean Traditional earlier. And then just as we think about the pace of margin expansion in the back half, you talked about that being stronger, but can you maybe give us a sense of what are some of the operational things you're doing that's kind of driving that just beyond the kind of the natural FX pressures normalizing in the back half?
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think there's two ways to grow margin. One is just the organic growth of the company. We try to get as much of our costs to be fixed as possible so, as we add more transactions, those transactions are, generally speaking, as profitable as the one prior, but they become incrementally more profitable because of the fixed structure of the company. So we own our processing across all markets. We're now pairing a variable expense to process the transaction. And that's the primary way of growing in that. And when we went public and we were explaining EVO to the marketplace, that's the 50 to 75 basis points that we're expecting. What you saw in the fourth quarter and I think you'll see again in the future, at some juncture, is kind of that stair -- step up in margin. And that generally comes from making an acquisition. Repricing the book for lossmaking merchants is the most -- a quicker, effective near-term way of changing a margin outlook. And the other is integration of infrastructure. So as I mentioned on the call, Germany, we've gone for a number of years, but it was low on the priority list. It's only gone up on the priority list. And we've integrated, which means the capabilities of a stand-alone German office are now integrated in -- a big part of it is integrated into Poland because we have a model out of Europe, kind of hub and spoke, where Poland is the infrastructure, the back office. And each of the countries are more like satellites in terms of sales and direct customer service. The other would be relative to Mexico. So there is an outsourced relationship still with Mexico. While we own the infrastructure, it is processed through a third-party processor that is partially owned by the bank that we're aligned with. So as we integrate that infrastructure, what is today out -- a spend goes away because we're placing the processing over infrastructures that we've already paid for. And in those instances, and we have a number of them that we're working on, you'll see a -- more of an outsized increase to margin improvement.
James Schneider: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ken Sikorsky with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ken Sikorsky: Thanks a lot. I was just curious if you can comment on how comfortable you are running at over 4x leverage. That just seems that this is above your target leverage level, and you continue to buy different assets. So is there any specific time line to get that leverage down to the 2x to 3x range?
Jim Kelly: All right, sure. Good morning. So, if -- I assume you've been watching us from the beginning. So when we came -- just before we came public, we were 6x leveraged. And this is the business, as I mentioned earlier, that made over 20 acquisitions over a relatively short time period. So we largely did it off the balance sheet of the company. We as the original shareholders of the company also contributed capital over the course of the last part of the IPO over the course of, say, five years. So as we became, as we went public, one of the initial objectives was to pay down that debt, so we took it initially from 6.2x to -- what was it at the IPO, 5x. Kevin?
Kevin Hodges: Yes, just under 5x.
Jim Kelly: Just under 5x. And what we gave was long-term guidance of the 2x to 3x, which is a reasonable range for the marketplace, but it wasn't something that we were -- or I was saying that we're going to be there in the first 12 months. And we're only just coming up on 12 months as a public company. As Kevin said, we'll -- slightly by -- at least where we are today, it's about 4.5x. And by the end of the year, we'll probably be down at 4x or slightly under 4x. So the company, as all our space, generates a significant amount of free cash flow. As you noticed, in the first quarter, our CapEx spending was down about 25%, and a big part of that CapEx spend decline was around terminal spend. And we had a number of initiatives last year, the cashless program in Poland; and as we make acquisitions like Liberbank, there's always a number of terminals that are out of compliance that we have to replace. So we had a number of factors that drove up cash spend in the last couple of years that I think will slow down and enable us to have more free cash flow to pay down debt. And when we get to 2x to 3x, we weren't specific as to a time frame, but in terms of our leverage, I don't think it's out of line with our strategy.
Ken Sikorsky: No, it makes sense. And you mentioned that you had some pressure on your DCC take rates. I was just wondering if you could disclose the overall revenue exposure to DCC and then maybe just comment on why the rates are declining there.
Jim Kelly: Okay. So I think, on the first, we're -- this is also an open line with lots of competitors. So there's a we're trying to be as transparent as we can on all our markets, but I wouldn't break sub segment our DCC in any specific market. Because we have DCC across all the region in Europe and maybe a small amount in Mexico. I think the second part of your question, about why down: If you recall, last year, we got a number of questions from people like yourself as well. There was a lot of attention in Europe around DCC. And I think it just heightened the attention in that market. And it was, I think, initially expected there'll be some regulation coming out of the EU. That did not happen, but I'm assuming that has -- had had some impact on the rate at which people are using DCC. Beyond that, nothing else has really changed in our businesses, maybe some travel patterns because you have to have an international card in your market to be able to take advantage of a DCC transaction. I think in one of our markets, in particular the -- in the Polish market, the business that was acquired happened to -- for us -- was based at airports. So as you well know, people from all over the world travel through these airports, in Poland in particular. And as we lost that customer, our DCC will be impacted as a result. But nothing more than that.
Ken Sikorsky: And if I can just sneak one more; what was the contribution from acquisitions just in the North American segment?
Kevin Hodges: Just acquisitions in North America?
Ken Sikorsky: Yes, just from the quarter.
Kevin Hodges: Yes. It was about 7% in -- just for North America. And it's primarily the Federated acquisition. As Jim mentioned earlier, that's going to annualize Q4 this year. The smaller ones really weren't that material to the growth rates.
Jim Kelly: Yes. Notice had already annualized.
Ken Sikorsky: But the -- sort of it was seven points off of the 8% growth in the quarter in North America.
Kevin Hodges: It -- I'm sorry. It's...
Ken Sikorsky: Just because North America grew 8%. So you're saying it was seven points of contribution.
Kevin Hodges: No, it wasn't -- it's not the -- of the 8%, it's not -- 7% isn't the total. So what we said earlier in the call, so total company grew -- ex Traditional grew 13%. five percentage points of that was related to the acquisitions, mostly Federated. Some of that's coming from some of the European deals, but if we look at sort of within the North America segments -- so just kind of given rounding and everything else. So we've got just under seven percentage points related to -- with the Q1 impact of Federated. And then you've got a couple points of just normal organic growth, but then you're going to see the impact of the Mexico holiday. That's going to impact primarily the Mexican market.
Ken Sikorsky: Okay, all right, thanks a lot guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Juliet [ph] with State Street. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jennifer. Thanks for taking my question. So I have two. The first is around the operational side. So when you're talking about your consolidation of the back office, can you perhaps shed any light on the impacts of costs for restructuring?
Jim Kelly: The cost for restructuring typically is around personnel. So it's exiting personnel that are duplicative to the consolidation. So if we had two offices that had common services, as we exited 1, then we would take a charge that would be reflected in the financials for the severance related to those people that would be exiting.
Unidentified Analyst: And do you perhaps have a material number for that for the first quarter?
Jim Kelly: I noted, in the quarter, I mean, we did consolidate some offices as of the fourth quarter. And every quarter, there's probably some come out of that, but I don't know that one specifically. We could probably take that after. And it would be otherwise in the press release.
Unidentified Analyst: And the second is around you spoke about Mexico and delivering front-to-end technology solutions with any time delivery. Do you think we could just elaborate a bit more on that? Is it, firstly, easy to do that across the region? Or is this something new? Can you -- as a company to market, to deliver this service?
Jim Kelly: Could you speak -- it was just somewhat muted. Could you just repeat the first part of that question again? Your question is around migration...
Unidentified Analyst: Well, you spoke about the front-end delivery of technology services to Mexico. I was wondering if you could elaborate more on that.
Jim Kelly: Okay. I'll let Brendan take that.
Brendan Tansill: I think what you're asking is around the SF Systems acquisition that we announced earlier this week. And SF Systems today is integrated to the processing platform in Mexico. We've been working with SF Systems now for a number of years. I think what Jim was specifying was, by redirecting that integration from the processing infrastructure to EVO Snap, we would have the ability to export the integrations of SF Systems to our other markets in which we operate around the world, but SF Systems today is already integrated to our processing infrastructure. We've been working with the business for a number of years. It already provides services to many of our large national accounts within the Mexico market. And it enhances the stickiness of some of our most important customer relationships, which I think now cements our ability to provide, one, end-to-end technology solutions. And two, it solidifies the relationship for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Jim Kelly for any closing remarks.
Jim Kelly: So thank you all for joining us this morning and your continued interest in EVO. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-03-13 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EVO Payments Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed O'Hare, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for EVO. Please go ahead.
Ed O'Hare: Good morning and welcome to EVO Payments fourth quarter earnings conference call. This call is being webcast today and a replay will be available through our Investor Relations section of EVO's website, shortly after the completion of this call. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and actual results may differ materially from the views expressed in these statements. For additional information on factors that may cause our actual results to differ from the views expressed in any forward-looking statements made today, please refer to our earnings release and the risk factors discussed in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K, which will be available on our website. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, today's discussion also include certain non-GAAP financial measures, an explanation and reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the nearest GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release available on our Investor Relations website. Today, we will discuss our fourth quarter and year-end 2018 performance. Joining me on the call today is Jim Kelly, Chief Executive Officer; Kevin Hodges, Chief Financial Officer; Darren Wilson, President, International and Brendan Tansill, President, North America. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim Kelly.
Jim Kelly: Thanks, Ed and good morning, everyone. Welcome to EVO's fourth quarter earnings call, where we will review our results for the quarter, summarize our accomplishments for 2018 and discuss major themes for 2019. In the fourth quarter, EVO delivered 12% in constant currency revenue growth, resulting in 25% constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth. These accomplishments reflect our strong referral base with leading in-market banks, ISV partners and other referral relationships and continued integration efforts across the company. The strong finish to 2018 is further demonstrated by our 16% transaction growth in the fourth quarter across Europe and North America. Over the past six years, the company has built a robust distribution network within our direct and tech enabled divisions. Internationally, our network is anchored by banks, which are the foundation of our expansion strategy. To-date, we successfully completed 14 international bank alliances and partnerships and we continue to see a robust pipeline of opportunities in current and prospective markets. Our primary strategy is straightforward. First, we identify opportunities with leading financial institutions in attractive geographies. Second, once the bank relationship has been secured, we immediately begin executing our joint go-to-market strategy and initial sales effort, including addressing legacy, pricing inconsistencies and integrating the portfolio into our infrastructure. And finally, once integrated, we launch our broad array of products and services and introduce our tech enabled and direct sales to accelerate market growth. Our success in building these relationships reflect the strength of our senior leadership team, our proven track record for execution and our differentiating product capabilities and services. We remain well-positioned as a strong, proven partner for financial institutions, as they continue to evaluate their strategies for digital payments. Domestically, we continue to expand our revenue via two primary tech-enabled business units, ISV and B2B. Together, these components of our tech-enabled divisions are strong drivers of transaction growth in the high teens, thanks to our strong sales execution coupled with market leading products, services and distribution. E-commerce remains a significant component of this division, although its performance has lagged behind our other tech-enabled business units. Historically, we are focused on signing small e-commerce merchants. More recently, we have moved upstream to focus on more mid-market e-commerce merchants and expand our domestic product capabilities, which we believe will improve growth in this business unit, as we exit 2019. Turning to our domestic direct division, we made two significant changes in the second half of 2018 to improve our performance. First post IPO, we reorganized our leadership team to bring in new talent and restructure our sales and support services to better serve our merchants. Second, we acquired the remaining interest in one of our subsidiaries, allowing us to directly control its sales. Once the federated buyout annualizes in Q3 of this year, we believe our direct sales division will deliver mid-single digit revenue growth heading into 2020. These steps will improve the overall growth for North America, which is currently led by the U.S. ISV and B2B business units and the direct division in Mexico. As we reflect on 2018, we have many accomplishments to highlight, not the least of which was completing a successful IPO in May and a subsequent follow-on offering in September. For the full-year, we delivered solid constant currency top line revenue growth of 11% and constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth of 15%, with margin improvement of 99 basis points for the year to 26.3%. We delivered margin expansion in 2018 by integrating our acquired businesses in the U.S., Spain, Germany and Poland, further developing our start-up markets in Ireland and the Czech Republic and growing the top line in both of our segments. Our strong 2018 performance was due to the leadership of our executive team and our general managers and country managers, who run the business along with the 2,200 employees across the markets we serve. During the year, this team successfully negotiated seven acquisitions and bank partnerships, made significant progress on our back-end and front-end integrations and extended our ISV network to continue driving growth in our tech-enabled division. It was a successful first year as a public company and we are very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for EVO. As we look forward into 2019, we anticipate Europe will continue to deliver the solid growth we've previously demonstrated. We remain focused on expanding our product capabilities across the region, as we leverage our recent tech-enabled acquisitions such as IPG, ClearONE and the newest European acquisition, Way2Pay. We will continue to invest in the tech-enabling capabilities to ensure our platform offers market leading solutions for our customers. These solutions are complementary to the countless software companies that are gaining momentum across Europe. In addition, we remain on track with the previously announced integrations in Germany and Spain and continue to work through the regulatory process of our acquisition in Portugal, which we believe we'll finalize sometime this summer. Turning to North America, we continue to see strong growth in Mexico. We delivered solid sales results with year-over-year revenue growth of 12% in 2018, aided by a very close relationship with our alliance partner bank, Citibank. We recently released our global e-commerce platform in Mexico and we'll now more directly participate in the early stage high growth segment of the market. Finally, we are focused on migrating our back-end processing infrastructure in Mexico to our primary U.S. platform, which will provide savings plus migration, while expanding our capabilities in the country. This migration will further benefit the company as we look to enter other Latin American markets. In the U.S., we continue to drive sales growth in our tech-enabled and direct divisions since the completion of the Sterling platform migration in October. The U.S. remains our largest market, representing over 35% of total company sales. We continue to roll out new merchant solutions from our Snap platform to service tech-enabled relationships and to look to identify complementary tech enabling acquisition opportunities and operating efficiencies. Lastly, we remain focused on expanding our distribution footprint in our current markets and into new markets such as Asia Pacific and Latin America. While the timing is beyond our control, given our track record capabilities and most importantly our team, we anticipate further expansion in 2019 and into the future. Overall, we are pleased with our results and remain very excited about the future growth of the company. Kevin will now cover financial performance and our outlook for 2019. Kevin?
Kevin Hodges: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim mentioned, EVO delivered another strong quarter to conclude a successful 2018 in our first year as a public company. For the fourth quarter, we reported revenue growth of 9%, compared to the prior year or 12% on a currency neutral basis, with acquisition and a Q4 2017 Mexico revenue timing adjustment contributing to three percentage points of that growth. In the fourth quarter, we continued to deliver currency neutral revenue growth in our largest international markets, including Poland at 23%, Spain at 23%, the Irish and UK market at 37% and Mexico at 11%, after considering the previously mentioned adjustment. Adjusted EBITDA on a currency neutral basis increased 25% to $44.3 million, compared to $35.3 million in the prior year. Currency neutral adjusted EBITDA margin increased 324 basis points in the quarter to 29.4%. Pro forma adjusted net income was $14.7 million for the quarter, reflecting growth of 70%. As in past quarters, our adjusted results exclude M&A transaction and integration related items, including the write-off of certain acquired trademarks we are no longer using, employee termination cost and share based compensation expenses. Looking at our North America segment, revenue in the quarter increased 7% over the prior year period on a reported basis and 9% on a currency neutral basis. This growth was fueled by our tech-enabled division in the U.S. and the buyout of the remaining interest in Federated. Within this segment, our U.S. tech-enabled revenue increased 14%, compared to the prior year period and represented 50% of U.S. revenue. Further, our U.S. tech-enabled transaction growth was 13% in the fourth quarter, compared to the prior year period. U.S. direct and traditional revenue grew 8%, reflecting the continued improvement of our direct division and the Federated Buyout, offset by expected declines in our traditional division. Our direct division now represents 39% percent of U.S. revenue, while the traditional division represents 11%. On a currency neutral basis, our revenue per transaction in North America increased 4% in the quarter, which reflects the growth in our B2B and ISV business units. Segment adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $31.5 million, an increase of 16% on a currency neutral basis. North America adjusted EBITDA margin improved 217 basis points to 35.8% in the quarter. This improvement reflects the benefit of our operating efficiencies and integration efforts. Turning to Europe, we saw strong performance out of this segment as well, although the strengthening U.S. dollar had a notable impact on our reported results. Segment revenue in the quarter grew 12% over the prior year period on a reported basis and 16% on a currency neutral basis. In the fourth quarter, our revenue per transaction in Europe declined 5% due to the growing number of large merchants performing well in the market and lower DCC take rates. We saw fourth quarter European tech-enabled revenue grow 22% on a currency neutral basis, versus the prior year, driven by our sales in Poland, Spain, Ireland and the UK. The tech-enabled division now represents 33% of European revenue. Segment adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $20.1 million, an increase of 51% on an adjusted basis, and an increase of 57% on a currency neutral basis. For the quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin was 32%, which was up 838 basis points, compared with the prior year. As we have discussed on previous calls, we made investments in the prior year related to the growth in the market and the pending IPO, which have annualized in the second half of 2018 and predominantly led to the strong growth in margin in the quarter. Our adjusted results exclude $25.8 million of net expenses, which include $8.7 million related to M&A transaction and integration costs, $14.6 million due to an impairment of the Sterling trade name that we transitioned over to EVO branding, $1.6 million attributable to share based compensation expenses and $900,000 due to employee termination expenses. Turning to our corporate expenses, adjusted corporate expenses grew $2.6 million to $7.3 million for the quarter, primarily due to new public company costs. Consolidated net loss attributable to EVO Payments Inc. was $4 million for the quarter, resulting in a $0.16 loss per basic and diluted Class A share. Reflecting adjustments described in our press release and all share classes, pro forma adjusted net income per share was $0.18. At the end of the quarter, our basic share count was 25.6 million, which represents the weighted average Class A common stock outstanding. Including all shared classes and dilutive securities, we had 82.4 million shares outstanding. In the fourth quarter, we spent $9.8 million in capital expenditures. As we had mentioned on prior calls, approximately 60% of our CapEx is for point of sale terminal in our international markets, where we follow the market practice of providing merchants the terminals. We ended the quarter with net leverage of 4.5 times, LTM adjusted EBITDA. In addition due to our refinancing and debt pay down activities related to our IPO and secondary offering, interest expense declined 25% in the quarter, compared with the prior year period. Free cash flow described as adjusted EBITDA, less capital expenditures, less net interest expense was $22.9 million, an increase of 600% over the prior year period. For 2019, we are giving guidance based on recent trends, completed acquisitions and changes in FX. As you know, EVO's exposure to foreign markets is larger than most of our peers as 65% of our revenue comes from outside the U.S. We see many economists anticipating the U.S. dollar will continue to strengthen against the currencies in our international markets and we expect these headwinds to impact our reported revenue by approximately 400 basis points and adjusted EBITDA by approximately 450 basis points in 2019 versus 2018. Before turning to our outlook for 2019, I want to provide an update on EVO's adoption of ASC topic 606, revenue from contracts with customers, the new revenue accounting standard. Under 606, we will be reporting GAAP revenues net of fees paid to payment networks. We are adopting ASC 606 in 2019 as we qualified as an emerging growth company under the Jobs Act. During 2019, we will report GAAP results reflecting this new revenue standard and non-GAAP results using the old method to aid and comparability. And finally, for 2019 guidance, we expect reported revenue with the impact of ASC 606 to range from $488 million to $505 million. On an adjusted basis, adding back the impact of ASC 606, we expect revenue to range from $593 million to $610 million, for a growth of 5% to 8% over 2018. As noted earlier, we expect FX headwinds in 2019 to be approximately 400 basis points. Therefore, on a constant currency basis, we expect adjusted revenue growth to be at 9% to 12% over 2018 results. Net loss on a GAAP basis is expected to be in the range of $12 million to $9 million, compared to a net loss of $99 million in 2018. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in a range of $156 million to $163 million, reflecting growth of 5% to 10% over 2018 adjusted EBITDA and 10% to 14% over currency neutral 2018 adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to range from 26.4% to 26.7% reflecting expansion of 27 basis points to 60 basis points over 2018 currency neutral adjusted EBITDA margin. Net loss per share attributable to EVO on a GAAP basis is expected to be $0.26 to $0.21, compared to a net loss per share attributable to EVO of $0.70 in 2018. Pro forma adjusted net income per share is expected to be in the range of $0.53 to $0.56, which reflects the growth in adjusted EBITDA described previously offset by additional depreciation expense in 2019 from point of sale terminal deployments and recently completed acquisitions. The impact of the higher depreciation expense impacts our 2019 pro forma adjusted net income per share by approximately $0.18. These numbers are calculated based on a pro forma share count of 82.4 million shares, which include all share classes. We expect capital expenditures to be in a range from $50 million to $55 million, with 60% being comprised of point of sale terminals. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and year-end 2018 results. I will now turn the call back over to Jim.
Jim Kelly: Thank you, Kevin. I will now turn the call over to the Operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey, good morning. Thanks for that details, Jim, I just wonder, maybe ask how you're thinking about fiscal '19 growth versus fiscal '18? What are the big differences you think and the drivers aside from the FX that you guys talked about?
Jim Kelly: Yeah. I think, if you look at Europe last year or this in '18 we had the benefit of the fiscalization in Poland, Poland is our biggest market. And so, we expect as I said on the last call that will not continue at the same pace. This year in Poland continues to drive that market. But having said that, Poland will continue to be a strong grower for next year. I think Spain likewise where two years ago Spain had a more difficult time with the Santander transactions for - Spain had a very strong year last year. They're well set up with ClearONE and their new relationship with Liberbank, we expect, although it's not Spain, Portugal will start in - over the summer. And so we're expecting Europe to continue to do well, it may be slightly less, but that was a bit of an anomaly having this fiscalization take place internationally. And then closer to home, I think Mexico, as we said on initial comments, we expect that to continue to perform well in the low double digits. And then the U.S. market we see the B2B and ISV businesses continue to do well. Our direct business, we saw an improvement in the fourth quarter. As we said or I said in the last call, heading out of '19, we expect U.S. direct business which is more traditional feet on the street business, we've seen that term from a business that was slightly down to modestly up and we expect that to continue to improve during this year into next year. So across the board, as the guidance suggests, I think the business is continuing to perform well in all markets.
Tien-tsin Huang: All right. That was great. That's helpful. And then on the - just as a quick follow up, the in-organic revenue growth contribution in fiscal '19, how big is that in terms of acquired revenue. And I'm curious, just beyond the numbers, the acquisitions like Way2Pay and you mentioned ClearONE just now, what does that do for you? What kind of synergy or how does it open up growth with some of these countries for you?
Jim Kelly: So, I'll do this with Kevin. I'll take the Way2Pay question. So Way2Pay is a, I think it's more of a value added service added to our IPG Gateway, the one we acquired two years ago. So this is capabilities, the product is already excuse me in up and running in Ireland. So it's an existing business that we had a relationship with, that we simply acquired and will continue to push across Ireland and the UK markets and then across Europe and possibly our other markets. That's really just building out tech-enable in terms of capabilities and in terms of the product itself, it's not material to the business today, but it's more capabilities to drive organic growth in the future.
Kevin Hodges: And then Tien-tsin, just overall, the acquisitions that we completed in '18 add about 2% to the growth in '19. We're not including Portugal yet, you know, we announced that last year, but that deal hasn't officially closed yet.
Tien-tsin Huang: All right. Great. Thanks, guys.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to pick up Kevin kind of where you left it off on the depreciation comment. I realize obviously it's a non-cash expense, but it's a big number in '19, probably the biggest delta between where your EPS guide is and the consensus. Can you just go little deeper on the sources of this and to what extent is this a transitory spike in depreciation or not?
Kevin Hodges: Sure. There's kind of three main sources of kind of the increase in depreciation expense. The first was really coming from the acquisition that we completed kind of in the second half of the year. And you'll see when you look at the P&L kind of sequentially, you'll see the depreciation increase going from Q3 to Q4. The other component is just the strong growth that we see in the international markets. As we've talked about, we see point of sale deployments continuing in those markets to coincide with the growth. And then the final piece just relates to - in the international market where we have the terminals, compliance changes, rule changes around terminal security. So over the past couple of years have been a terminal upgrade process. And so we've just kind of called that out again as a contributor to the increased depreciation.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. So you do expect this to pass after 2019 and then we kind of go back to more normalized levels, I mean assuming that you don't do more M&A obviously, but...
Jim Kelly: Yeah, this is, Jim, as it relates to acquisitions, as we buy a merchant portfolio from Bank X, you're getting merchant contracts and terminals. So those terminals are now on our books and we have to begin to amortize them. Sometimes they're not fully compliant. We may not know all the ins and outs of the entire portfolio if you're talking about tens of thousands of merchant terminals. So it actually caused a spike in spend to be able to replace non-compliance terminals with compliance terminals. And the terminals don't last forever, compliance changes do change. So it's an unfortunate byproduct of being in international markets and I don't anticipate that anytime soon until the market changes, where there aren't terminals, because we've got something else or we can convince merchants internationally to buy the terminals or lease them versus rent them. It is a by-product of our business oriented to the international market. So it was a little bit higher, this quarter we had some acquisitions. We bought a business to right size a couple of years ago. We had to change out, I think the entire terminal base. MONETA we just launched last year, Liberbank which was about 25,000 terminals. So all that stuff together with just the growth that you saw and I think the other big one that we shouldn't pass is Poland. So we had the fiscalization, we put 30,000 terminals out - without offsetting revenue. I think as we describe the first year, we don't feel that was part of the program in Poland. So it is a little bit oriented to - I wouldn't say it's a one-time, but it is definitely higher now that it would probably normally be.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Got it. And then I wanted to ask on adjusted EBITDA margins, I know you're talking about 27 basis points to 60 basis points in constant currency terms in terms of a year-over-year increase. Normally you target 50 basis points to 75 basis points last quarter, it sounded like maybe you were planning on '19 being even a little bit better than that. So just wanted to understand some of the ins and outs in the margin for 2019 since it seems like we may not get as much as you would typically target.
Jim Kelly: Well, and as you see for the year that just passed, I think we targeted 50 basis points to 75 basis points, we ended up at 99 basis points. So we get some credit for that 99 basis points going into '19, I would guess. We're trying to manage the investments in the business, at the same time is driving margins. I think we've done a very good job over the last two years or since going public, focusing on margin, probably more so than when we were a private company. But I think the range of 20 to 60 or 27 to 60 is still well within the expectation that we set 50 basis points to 75 basis points. And it's just - the year is just starting, we have a number of initiatives. During the year, we have some conversions that will be completed during the year, some of which are starting, some of those that start, cause a little bit of a near-term offset to normal margin growth, but we feel comfortable with the range that we gave.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Just last one for me, I know you mentioned some evolution of your strategy in the e-com space. Can you just spell out for us how fast that business did grow in '18? I know it wasn't as fast as some of the other areas of tech-enabled, but many numbers you can give us around that as well as what you might target longer-term, once you have a chance to implement some of your newer growth strategies. Thanks, guys.
Jim Kelly: Okay. So the U.S. e-commerce business is different than what we do internationally, domestically we use third party partners. So we're really somewhat at the mercy of the referrals that come to us. And as I said in the comment, we've pivoted beginning last year and into this year to focus on larger versus smaller - the smaller ones tend to have higher turnover and other consequential issues associated with them. In terms of breakouts, I don't think I'm going to sub-divide it even further beyond what we do. But it is a slower growth and it is one of the reasons why even though the B2B business and the ISV business continue to grow in the mid-teens or high teens in the case of B2B, the overall North American business because of our e-commerce business and the direct traditional are the ones that we continue to focus on to try to improve the growth rates.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Jim Kelly: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is now open.
Andrew Schmidt: Hey, guys, this is Andrew Schmidt on for Ashwin. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could walk through the EBITDA margin assumptions by segment, seems like we would get more margin expansion in the Europe segment given the process and consolidation there, but just curious how you're thinking about margin expansion by segment?
Kevin Hodges: Sure. Hey, Andrew, it's Kevin. So if we look at Europe, we've talked about some of the margin or the platform migrations, we had a couple of them last year in Spain. We're continuing to work on say like the Liberbank portfolio migration. They take time, so it's not a kind of one-time cut off, so we continue to move merchants in Spain over to the Polish platform. We also talked last quarter about some of the activities around the shared service center in Poland. So that migration is underway and I think we said, we wouldn't start to see those savings until we sort of exit '19 and really see the benefit of those savings going into 2020. So I think a lot of the margin expansion that we saw just in the quarter is really coming from annualizing a lot of those investments that we have been calling out, the investments in tech-enabled sales, standing at the shared service center, investing in the European management team, those were investments we made prior to the IPO and as we've been calling out, they started to annualize in Q4.
Andrew Schmidt: Got it. And then in the U.S.?
Kevin Hodges: So same type of items going on to U.S., we have - just the growth happening in our tech-enabled channels, we already migrated the Sterling platform, we talked about that on the last call. A lot of the Sterling integration activities had already been completed and we've sort of now been investing in growing our tech-enabled division, primarily ISV, B2B and looking after the e-commerce portfolio. Mexico, we can take a look at migrating that portfolio, but that's a longer platform migration, we're not anticipating that in 2019.
Andrew Schmidt: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. And then Jim, maybe a question for you strategically, as we think about in your commentary, you talked about prospected new markets in regards to the JV pipeline. As we think about Asia Pacific, is there anything that changes with the conversation with banks there, your go-to-market strategy has to change, what are some considerations as we think about use potentially expanding there?
Jim Kelly: I don't know that the conversation is necessarily changing. I mean, we are active in all the regions in terms of very early stage conversations. And as I mentioned in the comments, I think banks in today's market are very focused on digital and how can they stay close to their customers, and this is tends from my experience, banks tend not to want to invest heavily in this type of business and pursue partnerships. And we're well situated to be that partner. As I said, I think we have 15 bank relationships now that we've developed over the last five years. We're very good at sourcing them and then getting across the contract stage and then executing. And I think it's the execution side and the resume that we have and the calling card. We're a prospective new bank, we would make available any of our existing relationships to talk to about what the experience was after the ink dried on the page.
Andrew Schmidt: All right. Thank you, guys. Appreciate the comment.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Oscar Turner with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Oscar Turner: Hey, guys, good morning.
Jim Kelly: Good Morning.
Kevin Hodges: Good morning.
Oscar Turner: So first question just on North America, I was wondering what kind of channel growth assumptions are underlying your '19 revenue forecast for North America?
Jim Kelly: So if we take, I guess, Mexico first, we as I said in the comments, we expect Mexico to continue to execute in low double digit growth rates, that's a business that's predominately direct. So this is somewhat old school referrals from financial institutions. Again, Mexico is low card penetration. So we're benefiting as are others from the shift from paper to plastic. The second piece would be e-commerce, as I mentioned, we've now launched our IPG gateway, which would also have the Way2Pay product on it into the marketplace, that goes in this quarter and would be able to more specifically participate in the shift to e-commerce previously. As we bought the business, there was like in the U.S., they used partners who had gateway infrastructure. So now we'll have our own solution and we'll also be able to - we have customers in Europe who want to do business in Mexico, who are already on the platform in Europe that will be using the platform in Mexico. So we see Mexico as a fantastic market for us. It's almost the same size as the U.S. and we would expect that that channel will continue to show growth for many years to come. I think in North America excuse me, in the U.S., we've got the kind of three that we break it down, tech-enabled, which I think we've described as the mid-teens or so for the B2B and ISV together, slower growth as I mentioned on e-commerce and then the direct business, absent the acquisition, together with the acquisition, we're growing, but Federated we own some of - we did not own all of. So we're getting the benefits for the first nine months of this year of that acquisition. But even absent that acquisition, our direct business did grow in the fourth quarter very modestly, but that's a big win over where it had been historically. And the team that's managing that business, which is the feet on the street business, continues to do quite well. So our expectation is we'll continue to see it improve during the year and coming into '20, we would be expecting and say the 4% to 6% range in terms of growth. Remember that, that market is the 65% or so the U.S., which has not shifted to ISV. So you would not expect that that business is going to grow double digit, that wouldn't make a lot of sense since the ISV business is really taking share away from traditional feet on the street type of business. And then our last is traditional and this - these are businesses that are no longer in business. So we effectively have a legacy portfolio. We pay out commissions on that portfolio, but it is essentially a runoff business, which as Kevin said represents, I think less than around 10%.
Kevin Hodges: It's around 10%, it's going to decline 20%. I mean, it's in line with normal merchant attrition for an ISV type portfolio.
Jim Kelly: But our strategy is going to continue to grow the overall size of the pie. So as we make investments, as we open up in Portugal or in other markets that we invest in, the impact of something like traditional is going to become smaller and smaller. It still represents significant cash flow that we take and reinvest in higher growth businesses, but it will continue to be somewhat of a drag on our U.S. business.
Oscar Turner: Okay, yeah, appreciate that color. Thanks.
Jim Kelly: Yeah.
Oscar Turner: And then second question is on Europe, most things like you guys are seeing strong growth from the tech-enabled segment there, is that mainly being driven by e-com? And then how should we think about the pace of adoption of ISV solutions in Europe, and when that channel could be material to segment growth?
Jim Kelly: So we have our President of Europe here, we'll give him a chance to answer some questions that will have all the fun. Can you go ahead, Darren?
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Jim. So I think each market is seeing pretty healthy growth potential through all vertical or channels. Yes, the adoption of tech-enabled is moving from Western Europe across Eastern Europe at a reasonable pace. UK, Ireland is the faster growing countries compared to Eastern Europe, but we are seeing good ISV tech-enabled growth potential. And similarly, we've now launched our e-commerce gateway across all of our markets, seeing positive growth trajectory on the e-commerce side as well, worth maintaining good referral relationships on the organic direct business - direct and partner business with our bank alliances. So good channel growth across all verticals.
Oscar Turner: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bryan Keane: Good morning, guys. Just a couple of clarifications, on the U.S. direct business that's shown the improvement, I know you've gone from negative to positive growth. Is the key there the management change, what exactly is kind of happened to make that improve in terms of growth rate and then the outlook obviously has improved as well?
Jim Kelly: So, Bryan, I'm going to have Brendan, who manages it directly take that question.
Brendan Tansill: I guess it's definitely not management that's making it. No, yeah, thanks for the question, Bryan. So as I think Jim mentioned on the prior call, this was a business that we had acquired from founders many years ago and we changed our management in the direct channel in the, I think, early part of the second quarter of last year. And the second - the new management there has really brought accountability and focus, they've brought in a significant amount of talent directly below the senior manager of the channel. And they have injected the building with energy and culture. And when you go down there, there's absolutely a buzz and a commitment to winning that I don't know existed previously. So I think it's all the things that you would expect, it is focus and accountability every day at the office.
Bryan Keane: Got it helpful. And then just curious on the acquisition pipeline if it's how it looks and if we should expect basically in the year another couple of tuck-in acquisitions to add a point or two to revenue growth as we've seen in previous years. Thanks.
Jim Kelly: I guess short answer to that would be yes, the size of these acquisitions as I said in my comments and the timing obviously are out of our control. But we're an acquisitive company, it doesn't mean we're trying to drive up the size of our balance sheet, but we are acquisitive and Companies of sizes that probably are not as exciting to some of our competitors would still be very meaningful to us. For example, the company Way2pay, it's a niche that would be very that we think is going to be very helpful not just to the European market, but potentially other markets. And then bank portfolios, that continues to be a very significant focus of Brendan, Darren, myself, David Goldman, who runs M&A for us. He's on the road of tremendous amount. So I think the pipeline continues to be very robust on a mere to different opportunities in lots of different markets.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Helpful. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Georgios Mihalos with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Georgios Mihalos: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. So I wanted to start-off in North America and just curious the success that you're having in the ISV channel there, I'm just wondering, are you starting to see sort of a, you know, more material increase in the referral fees to partners as that business is growing, you're getting more volume. And then secondly, in kind of keeping on this margin theme, if we think of the migration Mexico to the U.S., how substantial will that be, maybe within the context of the Sterling migration that you just completed from a cost saving standpoint?
Jim Kelly: So the first question first, so on the ISV referral fees, you know, I think the answer is that we are being as I said I think on the last call, we continue to be disciplined about the fees that we're prepared to pay. We are prepared to compensate our partners fairly and equitably, but we don't feel the obligation to get irrational and that hasn't in any way precluded us from boarding significant number of new partners each month in each quarter. So do we episodically see a competitor of ours get more aggressive on splits or up fronts, of course, but do we feel compel to be as irrational as our most irrational competitor, of course not. And there's a good chunk of the market that continues to behave incredibly rationally. And the other positive attribute of the channel is that there remains a very vibrant community of new software companies entering the channel on a constant basis. And those partners if found early and selected prudently, you know, you can grow with them. So, no, we haven't sort of seen a steadily increase in our referral fees to our partner base. And I don't sort of see that being an obligation in order to succeed anytime in the near-term.
Darren Wilson: And George in terms of the conversion and all these conversions represent opportunities, I guess you're taking a business that's we're paying a fee for service for processing and we're putting it on a fixed infrastructure, because we own the system, there's no licensing fee, the number of people that are running the system are the same. I don't think we're at a position yet to know the exact amount of the savings. And therefore, it's not - as Kevin said, it's not factored into '19, not going to happen in '19. We're moving a third of the Mexican market onto our system. So that takes some time to plan it out and close the gaps and all the other stuff that we've been doing for the last 10 - I guess eight years here and 20 years in my career. But we'll come back to you probably by this time next year with some views on where Mexico is so. For this year, Mexico is really just in the planning cycle, development cycle, testing cycle, all the stuff that you do to move a portfolio.
Georgios Mihalos: Okay. And if I could sneak one more just on the European side, the ClearONE acquisition, I'm just curious, are there any specific European geographies where you were sort of seeing more traction, on the ISV side post the acquisition. Thanks.
Jim Kelly: Could you just clarify that when you say more fraction? I'm not sure, I know what that?
Georgios Mihalos: Is there specific European geographies that seem more open kind of to ISV, you think kind of that move to tech-enabled?
Darren Wilson: So we just had a - we just had our Board meeting yesterday and part of the Board meeting we brought in people across Europe to present to the Board. The ISV strategy is first time the Board get a chance to see the kind of people that do the work every day. And I could say, for example, Poland, I think Poland has a very robust opportunity in the ISV space, that's still very, very early stages. Spain, as we've mentioned, when we got there one, Spain has a lot more ISV potential than I had appreciated even a year ago, a year and a half ago. UK, I think is going to probably eclipse us in terms of new merchants on a direct side for ISV. So they're out there, because consumers demand the type of things that ISV's solve in markets and all over the world I'm assuming. Right now I can just speak to North America and Europe. I think the next place that we want to push more aggressively on the ISV front will be Mexico and we have planned in a way to do that as well.
Georgios Mihalos: Great. Thanks.
Darren Wilson: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Cris Kennedy with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Cris Kennedy: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Can you just give an update on the consolidation efforts that you're taking in Europe and how that's going and kind of when that whole process will be complete?
Jim Kelly: Sure, not sure, it ever is complete, because every time we buy something else, there's more consolidation. I think specifically on somewhat people consolidation, if we took it from the different regions to one that's been more significant is Spain. So Spain is a migration of our merchant portfolios from Banco Popular, which we acquired many years ago. So I would say we are 80% done. The only thing that's holding us up is some file work from the bank, so that we're able to migrate some larger merchants without impacts. But otherwise, we would have the Spanish Popular migration complete. Liberbank is just getting started. Unfortunately, Liberbank is on a different central processor in Spain than the one we just moved. So that was bad luck for us, because all the work we did, we have to redo for Liberbank. But that is going on now and probably will start migrating by I would say the end of this year. You said it Darren?
Darren Wilson: Yeah, I adhere.
Jim Kelly: Yeah, aside from - and then once Portugal closes, then Portugal will be the same thing, that same team that works on conversion full time, they'll turn their attention to Portugal, we have a group out of Spain that has done Popular as well. Now Liberbank will handle BIC [ph] on top of it and that would probably not start probably to the beginning of next year at the very end of this year. On the people side, we've been consolidating back office type of space. When we first entered Europe years ago, we kind of stood up a different - a bunch of different markets that had administrative functions, accounting functions locally. And now as a public company, we're centralizing everything back to Poland. So there's a process underway to move more and more of that infrastructure. Germany was one that we called out during this year. So I would say by the end of the summer, most of the heavy lifting on the infrastructure side will be done, this is the post IPO type of work been on the conversions as I laid out, that's going to be ever go on - ever ongoing as we make additional investments with new bank portfolios.
Cris Kennedy: Okay, that's great. Thank you. And then just one follow-up on, I think you mentioned Latin America is a long-term opportunity. Can you just kind of talk about the opportunities there and how you guys are focused on penetrating that market? Thank you.
Kevin Hodges: Yeah, you - in Latin America, if you were go to the ones that represent significant opportunity, you would see the same dynamic across several of the markets, which would be a centralized processor generally owned by all of the banks, all of them reselling the same product set and competing purely on price. And what - in each of these markets what you would find if you speak to the regulators is a strong desire to stamp out the black economy, to drive card acceptance and card usage among consumers in the path that the regulators see to that. The most efficient means to that end would be the introduction of a mono-line international acquirer processor. So the idea is to get off the central processor, to introduce innovation, to introduce product differentiation and thereby to compete on something other than price. So it takes time. You know, these guys owning equity in a central processor, they need to figure out a way to monetize that equity value, some of these central processors are profitable. So you saw that in the case of Argentina, in the PRISMA asset that traded in the back half of last year, a highly profitable company. And some of these businesses are not profitable, which simplifies the situation to some extent. So it takes time, but you know, the good news is, myself and David and Darren and Jim, we all spend a lot of time on airplanes, close to these situations. And I think we're relatively well positioned when these banks are in a position to finally make a decision on how they want to proceed.
Cris Kennedy: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Jim Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
James Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, I was wondering if you could maybe comment on your outlook for the U.S. business and your expectation to see, I believe you said some acceleration exiting this year and into 2020. Is that simply a function of ISV growth and direct kind of accelerating, and then the continued run off in traditional or are there any moving pieces beyond that we should be thinking about?
Jim Kelly: I think as Brendan mentioned and it sounds maybe somewhat simplistic, but you know, we're a service business. So it's the people that drive our business that support our customers and the change of management in our direct business, the oversight of the business coupled with the fact that EVO was originally set up as essentially a holding company with a number of owned subsidiaries like Federated or on core the ones that we've been buying in over the years. So as a result of now putting them all under one umbrella, one management team, the go-to-market is more is not only centralized but more organized than it was maybe prior to this. And this is just finishing up as I said Federated was just last year. So I think that will have the impact that we described, which is to take something that was for a period of time declining, that will now start to grow, it's not going to reach the levels of the ISV because it's working against the mix shift. But regardless, they still provide a very good service in the marketplace, the direct business and I think that will be beneficial. And the other is our e-commerce business, as I said this was more of a business where we worked with third party gateway partners and we have some reorienting to do in that business to help accelerate it's growth. So I think the combination of the two, we've put timing out as 2020. I think we have line of sight on the direct business. I think on e-commerce we still have some work to do. But those two things together, plus continuing to see benefit the mix shift from direct to ISV and B2B growth, I don't expect to see those changing in the next year to two years.
James Schneider: That's helpful. Thanks. And then relative to what you said about M&A and bank portfolios, where would you expect to see most activity, will that be in Europe or potentially in the U.S.? And can we just kind of make a comment on what you're seeing in terms of market valuations at this stage? Thank you.
Jim Kelly: Okay. So I think for us, you know, the most likely is probably more Europe than the U.S., what's available in the U.S. from a bank standpoint is limited to non-existent. The trade in the U.S. has occurred many years ago and I don't think banks, not that banks are bad business in the U.S., I just don't think banks have the same, play the same role in our industry as domestically as they do internationally. So you should look at us internationally as we just did EuroBic and Liberbank, MONETA, these are smaller ones, but we don't really make that decision. It's really what's the opportunity and how does it fit an overall strategy for the company. I think beyond North America and Europe, the ones that we've said on several occasions would be South America, that is a very attractive market. We believe it's a common time zone. So we don't have the issue of flying 12 hours to a totally different time zone. And given the large presence we have already in Latin America through Mexico, we have a workforce that and leadership that has experience working in South America. So I think we're well positioned to participate in the shift in that region. And then for Asia Pacific, at least the senior management team, Darren, myself, Kevin, our CIO and others here, while we were at global worked years in Asia Pacific, stood up the Asia-Pacific market for global and that and that continues to be an area of interest. Although, I wouldn't make the effort to be in a region without a major initial relationship, kind of an anchor tenant, it's too far away, too many time-zones, but both of them I think are opportunities over the next 12 months to 24 months.
James Schneider: Thank you.
Jim Kelly: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ramsay El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is now is open.
Ben Budish: Hi, everybody. This is Ben Budish on for Ramsay. I wanted to actually follow-up on an earlier question on just the ISV strategy in Europe. Now you've acquired ClearONE, is the thought maybe to go after some more of those smaller ISVs that wouldn't attract some of the larger processors or integrate more with larger ISVs or maybe a mix of both?
Kevin Hodges: I think it'd be a mix of both in terms of capitalize on the ISV partners now that we have that we will certainly due to play one that we can integrate more partners. I mean, ClearONE has well over 100 integrations already. So capitalize on that success and continue those integration. And then, yes, much like the complementary value added opportunities such as Way2Pay, look at those additional adjacent vertical to support integrating ISV partners. Categorically, we're not looking to buy ISVs, we're not a software business. We want to partner with ISVs and maintain our agnostic stance of capturing the full market potential of the range of ISVs in the vertical they operate. So really ClearONE is an integrator, not an ISV, just - but just to be clear on the role of ClearONE. So yes, weather a more ClearONE opportunities across the domestic markets we operate as an integrated that would certainly be a strategy we'll be looking to pursue.
Ben Budish: Okay, great. And then just one more on your interest expense. You had a small footnote in the release that was kind of helpful, but maybe just more broadly, can you talk about your pace of debt paydown over the next couple of years? When do you think you can hit your target leverage ratio?
Kevin Hodges: Sure. So we set that target leverage ratio two to three times, that again, we're not saying we're going to be out of the M&A game. So, we are still going to continue to pursue acquisitions. The model itself tends to deleverage about a turn a year, we have amortization on the term loan already and then as we have excess cash flow, we can pay off revolver. We tend to use the revolver for acquisitions, that balance will pop up when we do a deal, and then come back down as we have the cash flow to pay it off.
Ben Budish: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Berlin with First Analysis. Your line is now open.
Larry Berlin: Good morning, gentlemen. Quick question for you on Europe, given the economic turmoil and the forbidden word of Brexit, what are your assumptions going to 2019 for - on the economies in those countries?
Darren Wilson: Hi. So, yeah, you're right with the turmoil with the Brexit very kind of overnight. So I think firstly it's important to understand our licensing and registration is all domiciled in Germany. So we operate from Germany or from Europe into the UK. So ultimately, if as a result or Brexit that we need to do something just domestically to continue our license in the UK, then we'll do something just for the UK. But in terms of operating across Europe, we have a solid footprint in terms of licensing from Europe in the economic region. So then in terms of domestic market, yeah, I think it's hard for any of us on this call to predict what's going to happen over the forthcoming months. When we look at the economic projections in each market, each country is stable, showing good growth projections generally, low inflation among economies. So the prospects forecast still look robust.
Larry Berlin: Thank you, guys.
Jim Kelly: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Brendler with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Chris Brendler: Hi. Thanks and thanks for taking the questions, a lot of great detail here. Jim, I want to follow-up on sort of M&A in the U.S. market in particular and just sort of this perception we get from as an outsider that it's definitely heating up, it seems like it's almost frothy at sometimes, do you feel like the market in the U.S. has got to that point and it's better to look elsewhere or and also would love to get your thoughts on the whole partner versus owning software companies debate that goes on today. Thanks so much.
Jim Kelly: Okay, that's a big topic. You know I - sorry?
Chris Brendler: Squeezing me in at the end for a big question.
Jim Kelly: Yeah, I know maybe there is always less listening. I guess I'm the first one, yeah, there's always M&A activity. So we have so many investment bankers in the world. But for what we're looking to acquire, it's really - it's oriented to financial institution portfolios. So those have traded in the U.S. There's very, very few I can list in probably on one hand that haven't previously traded. And for ones that already exist on one of our competitors platforms, the economics of trying to buy out that portfolio to move it to your platform would be not sure would be economically viable. And I guess as I mentioned earlier, I don't think financial institutions are the primary source of business flow that they use to be in the U.S., just given the number of myriad of choices that we have or merchants have as options. So it's not that we don't participate in the U.S., we've made three or four acquisitions in the U.S. in the last couple of years, but those have really been around something that EVO already own the piece of or in the case of Sterling, it was something that we saw as great distribution and helped us get deeper into the ISV space domestically here. So it's not we wouldn't buy in the U.S., I think there are going to be niche vertical markets around enabling software companies as opposed to competing with software Companies. So that's what I would expect you would see EVO do domestically. Internationally, it's going to continue to be financial institutions enabling the technologies. In some cases we'll provide these value added bolt-ons like the Way2Pay, that will be additive to what we currently have as a capability. On the software side, it's not as though I think that's a bad strategy. There's many of companies that are doing it and doing it very effectively. I think for us though, just given our size, we're not interested in the channel conflict that's going to come from being in the software business. And then secondly, we're not a software company, we may have a lot of software developers, we may deal with software often the time, but we did not have the creative juices within EVO to come up with the next point of sale solution for retail, restaurant , et cetera. And after you buy these companies and you integrate them, who's left to be the innovator or do they stagnate over time? And you then have to reinvest in another technology because you've kind of lost your way. So I'm not currently oriented to buy software Companies. I don't think it solves anything that fits the fourth party model and we're big believers in the fourth party model and the role we play in enabling whatever the merchant wants at the point of sale. We're not looking to tell the merchant that this is the point of sale that they need to use. We want to be able to say, we'll support whatever within reason, we'll support whatever you would like to pick to meet your needs at your location.
Chris Brendler: Fantastic color, thanks so much.
Jim Kelly: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jim Kelly for any closing remarks.
Jim Kelly: All right. Thank you, operator and thank you all for joining this morning and we greatly appreciate your continued interest in EVO.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Winnie Smith - Global Payments, Inc. Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc. Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.
Analysts: George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Thomas McCrohan - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments 2018 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President-Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith - Global Payments, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments third quarter 2018 conference call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligations to update them. Some of the comments made refer to non-GAAP measures such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted net revenue plus network fees, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; Cameron Bready, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Winnie. We are delighted to report that the strong momentum we saw in the first half of this year continued through the third quarter. We again delivered double-digit organic growth across our markets at the high end of both our expectations and our raised cycle guidance set in March 2018. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 120 basis points and delivered adjusted earnings per share growth of 25% in the quarter, highlighting ongoing outstanding execution globally. We also made a significant progress in all three components of our growth strategy. First, we expanded our own open software portfolio with the acquisitions of AdvancedMD and SICOM as we continue to successfully deploy our capital to build out our technology capabilities in attractive vertical markets. As a result, our business mix is shifting further toward technology enablement, which we expect to be nearly 45% of our total revenue in 2019, up from 40% in 2017 and 30% in 2015. We are pleased to announce that we recently closed our acquisition of SICOM, a leading worldwide cloud-based, enterprise software provider for the restaurant and food service management vertical markets. SICOM's solutions are highly synergistic with our existing Xenial platform and the two combined provide us with end-to-end offerings for small, medium-sized, and enterprise-level restaurant customers globally, one of the largest vertical markets that we currently serve. More specifically, SICOM adds middle-of-house and back-of-house software and other technology capabilities to Xenial's front-of-house platform. The combination creates a leading solution that includes point-of-sales systems, kitchen and drive-through management, data and analytics, as well as payroll scheduling and procurement capabilities. Our ability to now deliver a complete solution to the entire restaurant vertical uniquely positions us as a one-stop shop for software and payment services for customers in this $4 billion target addressable market or TAM. Through Xenial, we currently provide services to over 25,000 quick-service restaurants in the United States. SICOM adds a worldwide footprint to our QSR markets with enterprise solutions that double our restaurant base across 60-plus countries in the Americas, Europe, and Asia. The acquisition of SICOM also provides entry into the food service management vertical market, a $2.5 billion account. SICOM is already leading this market by providing solutions for customers like Compass Group and Sodexo. We are very excited about the potential for accelerated growth in this new owned software vertical. We also closed the acquisition of AdvancedMD in early September. We're off to a great start with AMD seeing strong bookings momentum in the most recent period, and we are beginning to leverage Global Payments' corporate capabilities as well as our leading distribution network to penetrate the 80% of AMD's $3 billion payment opportunity we do not capture today. In addition, we see immediate opportunities across payroll and enhanced position referrals from our Heartland business. Finally, ACTIVE achieved record bookings last quarter as it continues to acquire new logos and expand business with existing strategic partners. Including ACTIVE, we have successfully executed three software acquisitions over the last 14 months just as we said we would do. In the aggregate, our own software businesses now have exposure to vertical markets, representing roughly 25% of U.S. GDP, the largest economy in the world. Further, our global pipeline of opportunities to invest in businesses that will enhance our tech-enabled, software-driven payments capabilities remains full. The vertical markets we target are sizable, distinctive, defensible and relatively insulated from disintermediation. These businesses tend to be less susceptible to broad-based macroeconomic concerns and have resilient, predictable and highly recurring revenue characteristics. We remain confident our differentiated approach will enable us to continue to gain market share by widening the competitive gap with our legacy competitors. Moving to the second leg of our strategy, we are pleased to report that we now expect our ecommerce and omni-channel solutions business to generate approximately $520 million in adjusted net revenue plus network fees in 2018. This represents high-teens organic growth in constant currency, ahead of the mid-teens target we discussed in March. As a reminder, this business produced $250 million in 2015 and $450 million in 2017, so we have more than doubled these lines in three years with performance consistent with many of the fastest-growing companies in the online technology space and ahead of the card networks. We are well represented in this rapidly growing channel and on track to achieve a 20% share of total revenue target we set for 2020. We believe we are overweight ecomm/omni across Continental Europe and Asia-Pacific relative to the markets that we are in, and that we are more than proportionately represented in this channel in the United States. On a global basis, we are already a market leader today. How do we achieve these results? First, the market is segmented by customer size so we are distinctive and that we stick to our knitting with our value proposition by focusing on small- to medium-sized or F&B customers looking to go ecomm or omni within a given domestic market or cross-border. Second, the market is further segmented by geography and we also serve larger customers, like multinational corporations looking for cross-border acceptance in hard-to-serve markets like Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, as well as across Continental Europe. Third, we provide not just local sales offices, but also operational and support resources with local and multinational expertise in 31 countries, and domestic licenses and processing capabilities in nearly 60 countries. Our localized solutions produce higher acceptance rates and lower fees for some of the most complex, demanding and technology-savvy customers worldwide, a list that includes preeminent global brands like ZARA, Swatch, (00:09:50) and LVMH, and some of the largest payments facilitators globally. Fourth, we're also fortunate to have distinctive partnerships across our geographies with leading institutions, including CaixaBank, HSBC, Erste Bank, CIBC, National Bank of Canada and Bank of the Philippine Islands. These partnerships provide us leverage to access to faster-growth markets, enabling us to catalyze penetration by delivering market-leading technologies to scaling digital economies. Fifth, we have made substantial technology investments in these businesses to expand our competitive moat. We expect to continue to differentiate our omni-channel offerings over the next 12 months by making additional enhancements to our next-generation omni-channel platform and further developing our cloud-based SaaS modular systems, which are already in production. When combined seamlessly with our ability to support processing in nearly 60 countries, we expect our unified technology offerings to continue to lead the market over the coming years. The third and final element of our strategy is to expand our industry-leading footprint and technologies into faster-growing markets, where strong secular trends, distinctive partnerships, and our innovative software and services are driving substantial and sustained revenue momentum. The organic revenue growth rates we achieved in key markets like Spain, Central Europe, Hong Kong, Singapore, and the Philippines this quarter were again well into the double digits. We look forward to entering Mexico in the near term as we continue to extend and expand our relationship with HSBC globally. The unique combination of our market-leading software, partnered and owned, ecomm and omni businesses, and faster growth geographies has enabled us to meaningfully outgrow our legacy peers in 2018. And we have achieved record margin expansion in free cash flow, while continuing to make investments today to provide for future growth. We're on a trajectory to accelerate our transformation to 2019 and beyond as we continue to transform our business to more closely align with our high-technology and pure ecommerce peers. With that, I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. We're very pleased to have delivered another quarter of exceptional financial performance, driven by continued strength in organic growth across our key channels and consistent execution of our growth strategies. Total company adjusted net revenue plus network fees for the third quarter was $1.025 billion, an increase of 12% versus the prior year's. Adjusted operating margin expanded 120 basis points to 33%, and adjusted earnings per share increased 25% to $1.44. We achieved these results while also successfully closing two strategic acquisitions, AdvancedMD and SICOM, meaningfully expanding our software-driven payment strategy and vertical market footprint. Our ability to consistently execute and deliver organic top-line growth, margin expansion and earnings growth at the high end or above our cycle guidance, while also investing in the business for future growth, remains a hallmark of our success over the past several years. Turning to our segment performance, adjusted net revenue plus network fees for North America grew in excess of 13% to $756 million for the third quarter, which includes an approximately 100-basis-point headwind from adverse foreign currency exchange rates. Adjusted operating margin expanded 180 basis points to 34.3%, despite the negative impact of foreign currency and modest pressure from the acquisition of AdvancedMD. North America margins continue to benefit from growth in our technology-enabled portfolio and increased scale in our business. We successfully closed the AdvancedMD transaction on September 4, which contributed adjusted net revenue in line with the forecast we provided at that time. As a reminder, we also anniversaried the ACTIVE Network closing on September 1. ACTIVE Network contributed adjusted net revenues of approximately $50 million in the third quarter. Our U.S. direct distribution business again delivered low-double-digit normalized organic growth at the high end of our targeted range, as it has each quarter this year. Our wholesale business revenue declined at the high teens rate this quarter, in line with our expectations and guidance as we continue to emphasize our direct distribution businesses and actively pivot away from this channel. Our Canadian business grew low-single-digits in local currency, although that was more than offset by adverse foreign currency exchange rates. This resulted in Canada declining low-single-digits in U.S. dollars. Moving to Europe, adjusted net revenue plus network fees grew 10% or approximately 12% on a constant-currency basis. The UK grew in the high-single-digits as good execution and share gains once again drove solid performance. Our faster growth markets in Europe continue to contribute meaningfully to top-line growth in the region. Spain grew in the mid-teens in local currency, driven by a stable underlying economy and the strength of our partnership with CaixaBank. Likewise, our Erste joint venture also delivered mid-teens growth, reflecting favorable secular trends and benefits from the introduction of new products and services in our Central European markets. Lastly, our ecommerce and omni-channel solutions business grew in the high teens as we continue to scale in the pan-European market, leveraging our unique ability to combine our online and physical brick-and-mortar capabilities. Adjusted operating margin in Europe expanded 60 basis points to 47.6%, driven primarily by the strong top line performance partially offset by the impacts of foreign currency translation and continued reinvestment in the business. Finally, in Asia-Pacific, we reported adjusted net revenue plus network fees growth of 10% or approximately 13% on a constant-currency basis. Local currency growth in the region was driven by broad-based strength across our key markets, including Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines. Ezidebit and eWAY continued to see good momentum and once again delivered strong double-digit growth in local currency. Adjusted operating margins in Asia expanded 140 basis points to 33.7%, primarily as a result of strong organic growth despite the negative impact of adverse foreign currency exchange rates. Our ability to consistently drive core top line growth and deliver margin expansion across our businesses allowed us to generate strong adjusted free cash flow in the quarter of approximately $260 million, excluding acquisition and integration costs. This reflects continued disciplined capital investment in the business, which totaled $53 million for the third quarter. Our highest priority from a capital deployment standpoint remains reinvestment in the business to support our growth initiatives, including M&A. As we highlighted, we closed the $700 million acquisition of AdvancedMD in September and the $415 million acquisition of SICOM earlier this month. We financed these transactions using a combination of cash on hand and our existing revolving credit facility. As a result of these acquisitions, our pro forma leverage currently stands at approximately 3.8 times, a comfortable level that provides a clear line of sight to our targeted 3 to 3.5 times range given the strong cash flow generation profile of the business. We also maintain sufficient dry powder to continue to pursue our organic and inorganic strategic initiatives going forward. To that end, we improved our liquidity position in October with the execution of a $500 million term loan B. The proceeds of which were used to pay down outstanding balances on our revolving credit facility. Once again, we were able to execute this term loan B offering at LIBOR plus 175 basis points, a best-in-class rate for our current credit rating. In addition, we recently entered into a new $250 million notional amount interest rate swap to further hedge our exposure to floating rates. As we continue to implement our interest rate hedging strategy, we expect roughly 40% of our debt portfolio to be hedged by the end of 2018 and nearly 50% by the end of 2019. Looking ahead, the momentum we see in our business, coupled with our consistent execution, has us on track to yet again deliver strong financial performance in the fourth quarter despite pressure from foreign currency exchange rates. For 2018, we're delighted to raise our adjusted net revenue plus network fees expectation to a range of $3.96 billion to $3.98 billion, reflecting growth of 15% over 2017. We expect AdvancedMD and SICOM to contribute adjusted net revenues of $45 million to $50 million for the fourth quarter, which essentially offsets foreign currency headwinds for the back half of the year relative to our original expectations. Further, for the fourth quarter specifically, we expect FX to be a year-over-year headwind to adjusted net revenues plus network fees of approximately 100 to 200 basis points. In addition, we expect our U.S. direct business to again achieve double-digit organic growth, while we anticipate our North American wholesale business will decline at a  similar to Q3, which is in line with our expectations for this channel. For the full year, we continue to expect adjusted operating margin to expand by up to 120 basis points, unchanged from our prior outlook, despite the significant impacts of unfavorable foreign currency translation and the modest pressure in the quarter we expect from our recent acquisitions. Pro forma for M&A financing, we now expect net interest expense to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter, bringing our forecast to approximately $180 million for the full year. Further, we anticipate our effective tax rate for 2018 will be 20% to 21%. Putting it all together, we now expect adjusted earnings per share for 2018 in the range of $5.12 to $5.22, reflecting growth of 28% to 30% over 2017. We cannot be more proud of our performance in the third quarter and year-to-date period. As we close out 2018, we're pleased to be in a position to exceed the expectations we had at the start of the year. Likewise, as we look forward to 2019 and beyond, we remain excited about the momentum in the business as we advance our technology-enabled software-driven strategy worldwide and our ability to meet or exceed the increased cycle guidance targets we established in March. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Cameron. As we said in March, let's look at the facts. We have delivered compound annual growth of 25%-plus and reported adjusted EPS over the last three years, while expanding margins and delivering record free cash flow annually and all the while, generating sustained and in many cases accelerating revenue growth. This was all done without financial engineering as revenue and margin flow through to operating income and free cash flow, and 2018 is no exception. The proof of any model is in the consistency of the results. You don't have to take it on faith that we will deliver on our commitments that revenue will one day accelerate, that margins will one day expand, that synergies will one day materialize, that our partnerships will be durable, that we will be good stewards of capital, or that our technologies will one day be market-leading, rather we are already there today and we are now building on those achievements. The momentum across our businesses plainly continued through the third quarter and now persists into the fourth quarter, which we expect will round out an outstanding 2018. We could not be more excited about our trajectory heading into 2019, 2020 and beyond. The best is yet to come. I will now turn the call back to Winnie.
Winnie Smith - Global Payments, Inc.: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from George Mihalos with Cowen. Your line is open.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to ask, Jeff, you spent a lot of time talking about the restaurant vertical and obviously, we've got the SICOM acquisition in there. Can you just maybe refresh for us again what is sort of the big competitive advantage now that Global has in that vertical given all the competition that's coming from some of your peers focusing more aggressively on it?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, George. I appreciate the question. So, I think the primary advantage that we have is we have an end-to-end enterprise-level cloud-based technology solution across the entire spectrum of the restaurant vertical market. So I think it's very consistent with our technology-enabled software-driven payment strategy. If you think about the combination of Xenial and SICOM, we have front-of-house solutions; we're interacting with customers at the point-of-sale; we have middle-of-house solutions like order management and drive-through; and then we have back-of-house solutions, so like data and analytics for franchisors and franchisees. A lot of this, of course, is on a Software-as-a-Service or on a SaaS basis, and we're in the market and in production today. The other thing we have, as you know, given our footprint is a multinational perspective on the restaurant business. As we announced in our prepared remarks, we're now present with those enterprise solutions in 60 countries around the globe in the Americas, Europe and Asia-Pacific. So, if you take a step back, it's the breadth and depth of the technology solutions that we're selling primarily on a Software-as-a-Service recurring basis, and it's also the breadth and depth I think of the geographic coverage and scope that we're delivering in all the markets that I just described. We were delighted to see a number of our competitors announce that they intended to going into these types of markets. But these are businesses, George, as you know, that we were already in with Xenial and Heartland Commerce, and now have gone deeper into with SICOM and are in production today. So I think it's gratifying to see that folks think that vertical market software is an attractive place to be in restaurants, but really we're already there today.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, George. It's Cameron. The only thing I would add to that is we also have solutions that's geared to everything from enterprise-level customers, so some of the largest quick-service restaurant names you can think of, all the way down to small single-shop or multi-shop units all SaaS-driven. Again, all of that can be tailored to the specific needs of the specific segment of the market that we're targeting whether it's a small customer needing customer, medium-sized customer, all the way again up to that enterprise-level customers. So we have a breadth and depth of solutions across front, middle and back as well segmented by size of merchant from enterprise down to the small single-shop operator.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's great, thanks. And just as a quick follow-up, Cameron, if you could just size for us on an annual basis what the contribution, both from a revenue perspective and margin perspective for SICOM will be.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. Sure, George. So, SICOM on a revenue basis for 2019 we expect to be around $100 million, growing in the low-double-digits. From a margin standpoint, given that we're able to combine this business with our existing Xenial operations, we expect margins in 2019 to be roughly consistent with overall corporate margins and then accretive to margins thereafter as we realize synergies from combining the two existing businesses and platforms.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. Congrats on the quarter.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, George.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, George.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks, guys. Nice job on the quarter. I just want to start off first if you can help us...
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Darrin.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, thanks. I mean, just more granularity on the direct business. Obviously, (00:27:57) were down on the high teens, which I know you guys expected. But outside of that, it seems like the core direct keeps going extremely well. And I'd just be curious to hear a little more granularity in  whether it's by vertical, what happened with other underneath in terms of education and gaming. Maybe a little more color will be great.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. Darrin, it's Cameron. And first of all, thanks for the comments. So, I would say U.S. direct growth in this quarter, very consistent with what we saw in Q2. And like that strong Q2, as you recall, it's probably one of the best quarters we've seen in the business. So, I would say fairly close to Q2, better than Q1 quite frankly from an organic growth standpoint. So if you break it down into its constituent parts, integrated and vertical markets again grew in the low-double-digits, continues to provide obviously a nice tailwind for growth in the U.S. business. That's a combination of our partnership model obviously with OpenEdge, as well as our owned software assets and the distinctive vertical markets that we're in today. We do target low-double-digit growth for that business we've seen through the course of this year and we're obviously delighted with the momentum we have in that channel. If you look at our U.S. direct more traditional relationship-led distribution platform, it grew again high-single-digit again, consistent with the level we saw in Q1 and Q2. So again, you combine those two channels and I think U.S. direct growth in the third quarter was around $10.6 billion, $10.7 billion (00:29:20) in that ballpark versus $11 billion (00:29:22) in Q2. So right in the same area that we saw in Q2 and again at the high end of our expectations for that channel. As you know, we target high-single-digit to the low-double-digit for the U.S. direct channels. ACTIVE contributed about $50 million for the quarter. It grew low-double-digits relative to its number from Q3 of last year. And as Jeff  or as I noted in my prepared remarks, Jeff noted in his prepared remarks, AdvancedMD had a good strong month consistent with the expectation we provided at close. So, I think when you break it down without getting into any individual channel, every business in the U.S. really performing kind of at the higher end of our expectations for those channels in the third quarter. Again, good consistent momentum as we've seen throughout the course of 2018, which we think positions us very nicely going into the fourth quarter, and of course 2019 is right around the corner as well.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. That's great detail. And then, just a quick follow-up on margins. They came in better than our model. And I think it's still, to some degree, the mix, right? I mean, your ISOs being down obviously is helpful to your margin. What else is in there in terms of mix that's driving the margin expansion being particularly better than I think even you guys may have expected?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, it's a great question, Darrin. So, I think you're on the exact right point. The mix is really the biggest thing that we're seeing from a margin standpoint as well as I think good execution and obviously disciplined expense management in the business. But I would say, mix is the biggest driver. You're right in pointing out the ISO business declining, the wholesale business declining in the high-teens, that's obviously a benefit to margins in the quarter. And again, our integrated and vertical margins markets business being higher-margin portfolios for us, those growing more quickly than the rest of the business also create a nice tailwind from a margin standpoint as well. I would say that the really nice thing about margins particularly in North America this quarter is we delivered 180 basis points of margin expansion, notwithstanding currency and notwithstanding the investments that we're making back into the business from the benefits we've seen now from tax reform. So, I think if there's one thing I would call out specifically this quarter that we're particularly delighted about, it's the margin expansion that we experienced despite those two headwinds.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. That's great, guys. Thank you.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Kwok with KBW. Your line is open.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Jeff, could you elaborate on your comments around making enhancements to the omni-channel offerings? Would this be done all in-house or would you look to supplement that with perhaps a good acquisition or a tuck-in one? Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Steven. So, of course, this quarter is the one that we traditionally give kind of an update on our ecommerce and omni business. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're delighted with the growth in that business, which is high-teens for the quarter and we expect high-teens for the year as the guidance implies. So, the first thing I'd say is we have a complete solution today and we're obviously in market that generates the results that we've been describing both for the quarter as well for the year. The enhancement we're looking at is making it even simpler to go into more markets with Global Payments around the world with a single omni-channel API interface no matter where you are globally, a single terminal API no matter where you are globally. Those are all being done in-house and those will be rolled out on a rolling basis and being rolled out really now, but on a rolling basis throughout 2019. So, we've been able to generate the results that we've reported to-date as well as our expectations for the year through our enterprise hub and the other technologies that we have today. Those are being further enhanced and are already in the run rate that we've been describing. So, expect to continue to gain share as we have been as we head into 2019. I would tell you it's a competitive matter. And we're now pitching for new business for some very large and sophisticated potential counterparties. I think we're already market leading today. I think this is going to put us really  when these things roll out throughout 2019 internally really put us in the driver's seat in terms of growing this business going forward.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. And this actually fits right into my next question. Just around  if you could talk about the competitive landscape both on the offline and ecommerce space. One of your ecommerce peers has announced this morning that they are looking to expand into Canada and signed up a number of merchants. Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, sure. So, of course, all of our businesses are intensely competitive, not just in an ecommerce anatomy, but in any created vertical markets and in all the geographies that we're in around to the world. If you go back, Steven, to kind of my prepared remarks, we really compete in a number of distinctive ways. First, we're primarily focused on small to midsized businesses or SMBs within a domestic market or those SMBs looking to go omni-channel cross border. Great example is Canada where it made very attractive headway in ecomm and omni over the last several years and it's a meaningful part of the growth really in our business in Canada. You can see in some of the materials we posted today on our website that we believe we're over-represented in North America, including in Canada relative to the size of those ecommerce and the omni-channel markets. The second thing I'd say is we look to go global with multinational corporates in markets that are harder to serve. I gave a list of those in my prepared comments. In many cases, there's only one or two folks including us who can really provide those services in the markets that we're looking to compete in. We also have a very healthy payment facilitator business globally. A great example of that is a recent renewal we've had with PayPal globally in our business, and I think it's really a testament to the quality of our ecommerce and omni businesses globally much of what they're doing around the world outside of North America where they do it themselves, particularity in Europe and Asia, and to my point, Steven, the harder served markets, it's really with Global Payments. So, I think it's a tribute to the quality of our technology and really the extensibility of our geographic markets.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Right. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. So, just...
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Glenn.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: ...want to go back to the SICOM acquisition. I know you sort of talked about the low double-digit sort of organic growth, but could you talk about more broadly over time the cross sale or revenue synergy potential and if there's any sort or cross synergy potential we should be thinking about?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, Glenn, this is Jeff. I'll start and I'm sure Cameron will add to this. So, if you think about where Xenial really is which is the Heartland Commerce business in the restaurant vertical market, Xenial offers a lot of really good things, but particularly in royalty customer management, gift cards, mobile application. So, ordering your hamburger on your phone, paying with your thumb and going to pick it up. Those are things generally that SICOM is really not in in terms of by way of product offering. So, I think the most obvious cross sell initially is to cross sell the Xenial solutions into the SICOM base and to cross sell the SICOM solutions which I described at the beginning of the call with George are primarily front of house, middle of house, and back of house delivering those into the Xenial customer base, that's probably number one. Number two would be bringing the Xenial solutions globally. So, SICOM, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is present in 60 markets, essentially doubles our restaurant base by another 25,000 locations. The ability to catalyze Xenial growth outside the United States and bring that into those existing markets where SICOM is already present is another real attraction by way of cross sell, Glenn, in revenue. And then, lastly, I would say that while Xenial and Global Payments are among other things payments-related businesses, historically SICOM was much more pure software and a lot less payments. Our ability to go into large chains and SICOM has four of the top 10 QSRs in the United States and some outside the United States like Tim Horton's for example in Canada but in the U.S. Burger King, Jamba Juice, et cetera, our ability to cross sell payments are kind of the core part of Global Payments into the SICOM base is another revenue synergy that we're very excited about very similar to what announced, Glenn, as part of AdvancedMD. So, those are the three that we're most focused on in the near term.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And then, Cameron, just a clarification on the forward full-year guidance and it's sort of in the context of I think you made a comment about the acquisitions adding $45 million to $50 million of revenue in the fourth quarter being offset by incremental FX. Can you just sort of go through that? What I'm trying to get at, has the constant currency organic growth expectations changed at all?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Glenn, that's a great question. So, I think the constant currency organic growth expectations have increased. So, if you look at the, call it, roughly a point. So, if you look at the guide that we've provided today, the new acquisitions we expect to contribute $45 million to $50 million in the fourth quarter, that roughly offsets the FX headwind that we expect now in the back half of the year relative to what we originally anticipated coming into the year. So, if you look at  stripping out the acquisition and adding back sort of the FX headwind, you kind of get to a number that I would say puts you towards the high end of the original guidance that we've set forth at the beginning of the year, which again I would say suggests organic growth at about a point better than we would have anticipated kind of coming into the year from the original guide.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom McCrohan with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Thomas McCrohan - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hi, guys. To get to the 60% revenue target for software enabled, do you have to get into other verticals and if so what other verticals might they be?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: So, I'll start, Tom, and Cameron can comment as well. I don't think we have to get into other vertical markets, but clearly if you go back to some of my prepared comments, Tom, the way we think about attractiveness of vertical markets is across a number of criteria. The first thing is what's the target addressable market? How big is the opportunity? In the case, for example, restaurants, we think it's $4 billion of revenue a year. In the case of the food service vertical market where we try to (40:02) Compass and Sodexo, coming of the SICOM acquisition, we think that's $2.5 billion a year. In the case of AdvancedMD in the healthcare side, we think that number is growing to the billions as well. So, if you step back and you look at my prepared comments, Tom, we have exposure now post the deals that we've done to about a quarter of U.S GDP. We don't need to do more deals in terms of more vertical markets to get to the 60%, but clearly there are other markets that we've looked at that are sizable in the United States that we're are not directly in as an own software managed. Two most obvious ones that I think we've talked about before are real estate, for example, and government business and we're already in a little bit of the government businesses. But paying your taxes or your fees online, paying your condo association and property fees and insurance fees online are both attractive opportunities, as we see it, I think generally follow many of the characteristics that we've enumerated before.
Thomas McCrohan - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Great and just as a follow-up  and thanks for giving us the update on ecommerce and omni. Is there a way to break out how much of the revenue today from that ecommerce and omni channel is going over mobile devices.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: We don't have that level of detail today, Tom. It's Cameron. So, I can't give you a specific amount that's coming directly from mobile devices. So, as we think about our omni-channel business, it's going to be the combination of where we provide both online capabilities to our merchant customers, that's going to be a combination of traditional Web based ecomm  ecomm or mobile offerings with the brick-and-mortar capabilities as well. We don't further disaggregate it between mobile and what's coming through more traditional ecomm portals.
Thomas McCrohan - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Tom.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Hi, Jeff. Hi, Cameron. Congratulations on the quarter.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Ashwin.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So far, the three larger software ownership acquisition that you've made, they kind of make sense. The common question I get from investors though is not so much about your ability to make the acquisitions work in the short term which very few people doubt I think, but it's about the ability to evolve and run multiple software stacks over time. So, could you comment on that and maybe sort of talk to some of the things that you may have learned from a year of running ACTIVE?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Sure. So, I'm certainly happy to start, Ashwin. And I know Cameron will join in. So, at the end of the day, whether it's software business like the three that we've acquired over the last 14 months or whether it's an ecommerce or omni-channel business like Realex or Ezidebit or eWAY, that we acquired over the years, I think the most important metric on how we're doing is the ability to produce over a period of years sustained and accelerated revenue growth. So, I think the most important thing is not, to your point, can you make a number one quarter, what does it look 12 months' out. It's what does it look a few years out in terms of building out a better business that has permanently changed upward, revenue acceleration margin and earnings contribution. I think we've been able to do that, to be honest. If you look at our ecommerce acquisitions in Europe and in Asia-Pacific, if you go back and look at our integrated acquisitions with APT and PayPros, all those date from six years ago to three years ago to four years ago, and that's what we've been able to deliver. We're only a year and year and half in to ACTIVE in some of these more recent deals. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the bookings numbers coming out of ACTIVE, a year and a couple of months after that transaction closed, are at record levels which I think is a testament to our view of our ability to maintain and accelerate revenue growth. It's early days, but I also mentioned that in AdvancedMD in a limited period of time since we closed that transaction booking there running at very high rates. So, of course, time will tell. But I think if you look at that metric which I view as the primary criteria on how we're doing in these partnerships, those numbers look really good and retention customers and retention of those personnel is really high. At the end of the day, if you step back further and you put aside metrics and productivity, and you just look at what I think we're good at and what I think we're not good at, what I think we're particularly good at is providing an environment where technologist can flourish. What does that mean? It means we're good at things like infrastructure, compliance, regulatory, accelerating sales, not just in the United States by way of channel, but outside of the United States. And that's what you're seeing with some of the benefit on the deals that we've done. What do I think we're not particularly good at? Well, we like to leave the management and the technologist, and the software folks in place because that's the expertise that they're providing. A great example of that, I went to the closing town hall at AdvancedMD in Salt Lake a couple of months ago and what I said to the folks there is, listen, I don't know all that much about the healthcare, I'm not starting now. That's what you guys do. You know healthcare by way of vertical market, that's a lot of where the value lies. And what you're doing, I think, we can help you get there more quickly. In the case of AdvancedMD to follow up on what  for example, Glenn was asking in terms of revenue enhancements and what we can bring. AdvancedMD is very excited about our ability to bring to Heartland payroll solutions, our ability to bring more physician residences by knowledge of local markets in which we operate and our ability to get the close rate up in 80% of payments that we don't own. Those things are generally really good news to the partner businesses that we're acquiring and the stuff that software people and sales people like to hear because we're growing the pie. And that's where I think, Ashwin, that points of demarcation are. But you have to believe me, you can just look at our track record over the last six years and see how that's gone.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Ashwin, it's Cameron. I would just maybe add just a couple of comments to that as well. So, if you think about our entire M&A approach, we're very deliberate in terms of the type of businesses we buy. We buy quality management team. We buy assets where we think the cultural fit is very strong largely for the reasons Jeff just described. We want those management teams to continue to run the businesses as they've been running successfully, leading us to our acquisitions. So, we run our businesses more on a core and edge strategy where the edge businesses continue to develop in the core software platforms that they had developed and they continue to invest in those to keep them contemporary and ensure that they meet the needs of the market going forward and remain market leading in whatever specific verticals that they're in today. So, that's a big part of how we approach the business to begin with. We look to get scale out of these assets through traditional corporate support services, technology infrastructure as Jeff just described, compliance activities, et cetera. And we're also looking at other areas where it can drive more scale including leveraging ACTIVE's offshore R&D capability to provide services to other software businesses as well. So, we're doing more of the development through our own in-house resources as opposed to either outsourcing that to third parties or having to do it each individually within the businesses themselves. So, we do find those opportunities create scale in the business, but largely what we provided the software businesses themselves is the right environment in which the (47:37) described and the investment to continue to build the products set and the solutions to drive that top line revenue growth.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. No, that's very comprehensive. I guess one other question, the follow-up, is with regards to lot of strength underlying here. Is there any reason why we should not carry this into 2019?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: No, I would say absolutely not. As we sit here today and I think I covered some of this in my prepared comments, I feel very good. We're sitting here at the end of October, certainly feel very good about the momentum we have going into Q4. And I think quite frankly, our guidance for the full year reflects we have a tremendous amount of confidence in the momentum we have in the business in terms of where we think we'll end up for a full 2018 basis. And as we look forward to 2019, it sort of foreshadowed where we thought we would be earlier in the year for 2019 and beyond very consistent with the cycle guidance we've provided back in March, but still feel very good about how we're positioned to meet or exceed those expectations heading into 2019 and beyond.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Good to hear. See you in a couple weeks.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Ashwin.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks. I just wanted to ask a follow-up question on the acquisitions as we start to project the 2019 contribution here. I think you said SICOM about $100 million in revs. We're thinking AMD, I guess, in the $140-ish million range? And then, any color perhaps on EPS accretion, how we should start thinking about modeling that for 2019 on an adjusted EPS basis?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Sure, Jason. It's Cameron. So, one quick correction and then a little bit of color. So, as it relates to AdvancedMD, and I think we said this on our Q2 call, we expect them to contribute $125 million next year...
Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Oh, next year?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: ...under ASC 606.
Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. Sorry. I think that was...
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: So...
Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: If it wouldn't have been of (49:33) ASC 606 impact on their business which they had not yet adopted when we acquired them, so around $125 million for AdvancedMD. You're right that SICOM at around $100 million. Just a little bit of color around margins. As I mentioned before, we expect SICOM to come in at or around corporate margins in 2019. And again, as we begin to merge our existing Xenial business with SICOM, we expect to realize synergies. And as we scale that business heading into 2020, we expect it to be accretive to margin. AdvancedMD, we expect to be  to modestly pressure margins in 2019, so it will be a little bit of a headwind to margin in 2019 and we expect it to be kind of at corporate margins or above corporate margins kind of 2020 and beyond as we scale that business. From an earnings standpoint, the combination we expect to be accretive to 2019 EPS estimates for our business based on our own kind of internal expectations. Both would be kind of modestly accretive kind of heading into 2019 and obviously more expansive thereafter.
Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. And do you have kind of a clean specific number for a constant currency organic growth across the whole North America business in Q3 as well as what it was in Q2? I had a number in kind of the low 9%s for Q2, so just wanted to check on that if we include the entirety of the North America business.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, sure. So, constant currency normalized organic growth for North America in total was around 9% for Q2, and it's around 8.6% for Q3 in that ballpark, so very similar. The difference largely being wholesale was a bigger drag in Q3 than it was in Q2.
Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Exactly. Okay.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: If you exclude wholesale, North American grew on a constant-currency basis roughly 10% in Q3 and a pretty consistent amount in Q2, a little north of 10%, so right in that ballpark.
Jason Kupferberg - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Friedman with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Good morning. It's Jamie at Susquehanna.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hello.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Good morning, Jamie.
James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: I'll just ask my two upfront, one for you Jeff and one for you Cameron. Jeff, in your prepared remarks, you had commented on markets where you characterize yourself as over-indexed ecommerce. I'm just wondering what advantages you like command when you're over-indexed, that's one question. And then, Cameron, I want to ask about cross border. And thank you for the slides, they're helpful. But with regard to cross border being that you typically but not exclusively are heavier in SMB, how would you characterize if they're cross-border opportunity for SMBs? So, one on the index and the other on the cross border. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Jamie, it's Jeff. I'll start on the relative share of the market. So, I think if you look at those slides, we think we're overweight ecomm/omni in all three of our regions, such that  one of the points we really wanted to get out there because we do get asked what our footprint is. So, I would say, in every one of our markets  you can see on the slides, all three of our reporting regions, we have a greater share of our business in ecomm/omni than the market implies for itself, that's kind of one point. The second point I'd make though is if you break it down further, we're particularly overweight ecomm/omni in Asia-Pacific and Europe, and we think that's a really good thing. Now, why is that the case? And I think it's because of the breadth of our geographic franchise. If you think about the 13 markets we're in in Asia-Pacific, in some of those markets I had listed some, Jamie, in my prepared remarks like Malaysia and Singapore, the Philippines, those markets are always competitive. But there is not a tremendous number of commodity based providers provide the quality of services that we are in each one of those markets. I also mentioned it's not just providing processing, Jamie, but it's providing on-site support in all the things that we do globally. So, for example, I won't mention who it is, but a very large multinational, one of the largest in the world, did an RFP a couple of years ago in Taiwan. The people who bid on that and ended up winning it were us and one other entity, and that was a bank that was native to Taiwan. Now, why would that be? Because that's a really hard service in a really hard market to provide. So, it doesn't mean that our businesses aren't competitive. It doesn't mean that we don't have to be very good in what we do, but it does mean that we like our odds when we're one and two in a market that's really hard to service. That will be a very have good reason why we think we're overweight ecomm/omni in Asia-Pacific and the markets that we're in because the markets that we're in are hard to service multi-nationally. And of course, I also mentioned the PayPal renewal. And in some of those markets, that's a very good example as to why we feel that we've got an in-depth relationship with one of the largest payment facilitators in the world. The same thing would be true in the context of Europe. If you think about SEPA and the conversations we've had, Jamie, over the years, our view of a single market and provide not just ecomm solutions but also physical acceptance on an omni-channel basis, our footprint, our physical presence in 31 markets in particular in Continental Europe for these purposes is really helping to drive a double-digit growth that Cameron described in Central Europe. There were not a lot of people who are in those markets doing that, which is why we think we're overweight in the EU and in  by way of SEPA in those markets. Cameron, you want to comment on the second part, the cross border?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Jamie. And I think it's a good question. It really depends on the region in which we're operating. So, naturally here in the U.S. the small to medium-sized merchant space, there is not going to be a tremendous amount of cross border. There will be some, but predominantly small to medium-sized merchants who were using our omni-channel capabilities today want to sell it online in the brick-and-mortar location and kind of in the U.S. market. As you begin to move towards Europe, you do see obviously an increase in the level of cross-border activity particularly even at the small to medium-sized merchant levels, because frankly that's what partially the EU is designed to accomplish and SEPA is designed to accomplish. It's lowering the barriers for commerce around the EU market. So you do have more smaller to medium-sized merchants selling on a cross-border basis on a Pan-European basis, and obviously we do see higher levels of cross border volume with our small to medium-sized omni-channel merchants in those markets as well. Asia is a little bit of a mixed bag. You do see between certain markets, particularly the, call it, Chinese-centric markets, more cross border activity. So, whether it's between Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macao, you're going to see more cross border activities. Whereas within other markets where we're serving small to medium-sized merchants on an omni-channel basis, it's going to be more domestically oriented as well. So, hopefully that gives you a little bit of color as we think about it around the globe. It's a little bit of a mixed bag just given the different geographies we're operating in. As Jeff noted, obviously at the multinational level, it's all about cross border. It's our ability to provide a seamless solutions in up to 60 markets around the globe where we can blur the lines between obviously the physical brick and mortar, point of sale acceptance and ecomm and omni for those customers.
James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Cameron, Jeff, thank you very much.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jamie. Great to see you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, guys. I just wanted to ask a bit more on Europe for a moment. I didn't hear a lot on the UK and just kind of given all the kind of up and down rhetoric around that market. I'm wondering what you're seeing. And then, secondly in and around Europe, is this more a function of market share gains? You talked a little bit about this just a second ago, but I'm trying to make sure I can fully reconcile kind of what's underlying demand versus share gains, and how sustainable that is as we think about kind of 2019.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, Dan. It's Jeff. I'll start and I'm sure Cameron will jump in. So, I think it depends on the market that you're in in Europe, but let me just start with United Kingdom. Point blank, it's share gains. If you look at our consistent growth in Cameron's copy, at least the three quarters of this year and probably going back through next year, if you look at any metric, Dan, Visa, Mastercard numbers in the UK, if you look at GDP in the UK, if you look at same store sales growth in the UK, those numbers tend to be zero or one or whatever the numbers are on a given day. And so, I think Cameron said in his prepared remarks, it's another high single-digit quarter growth for us. So, there is no doubt in my mind it's share gains. I would say, that's augmented by our focus on the small to midsize business and leading with technology. UK, in particular, is a big place for us to have our ecomm and omni business. That's been true for a number of years, so there's no doubt leading with technology there as well as with integrated and semi-integrated solutions has been very beneficial to us. But that's just another way of describing why we're taking share in that market relative to the size of the market. I think if you back up and look more broadly across Europe, and now I'm thinking Spain, our Erste JV in the Czech Republic and across four markets in Continental Europe, that is a bunch of things. First, I'd say, there is a no better partner thank I think you could have in Spain and across Europe than CaixaBank. As Cameron called out in his commentary, that business for the  probably for the eight years now nearly that we've been in partnership with Caixa, continues to grow 50% to 100% north of what the market reported rates of growth are. I really chalk that up to how good a partner Caixa is in that business and across Europe. I think the same thing is prudent to be true with Erste Bank in Continental Europe. Of course, in Continental Europe, (59:28) better demographics in terms of rising middle class, better receptivity to newer technologies because ecomm and omni and DCC just have an existence there. Until more recently, Spain is obviously further down the path technologically than perhaps some of our other markets in Continental Europe. Nonetheless, however you slice it, Dan, when you look at the UK, you look at Spain or you look at the Czech Republic, our businesses in those markets are all growing faster than the rate of market growth. And again, I chalked that up to share gains.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. Not a lot of color to add there, I think that covers it pretty well. Just a couple of other data points I would mention. On UK, in particular the market growth you're actually seeing is largely debit contactless.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: There is not that much market growth in the UK. So, if you look at the performance we've been able to achieve, I think it's pretty clearly attributable to share gains in that market. And obviously, as Jeff highlighted, the continued expansion of our ecomm and omni capabilities in that domestic market as well as on a Pan-European basis. The other thing I would call out is Spain. Spain, again, mid-teens growth this quarter off of the summer where tourism was not nearly as strong as it was last summer quite frankly. So, what we saw in Spain this quarter is even better domestic trends than we've seen quite a while. Tourism was down year-over-year relative to 2017, so very impressive kind of domestically oriented performance quarter in Spain this year. And I think that summed up Central Europe really well. I think we're starting to see not only the revenue growth coming from our ability to bring new products and services into end markets that has better secular trends, but also to scale benefits with now having that operating on our technology platforms now that the migrations are complete in our joint venture. So, again, positioned very well, I think as we head into 2019 for Europe. Obviously, time will tell what manifests from the Brexit activities, but I think we feel very good about how we're positioned in that market.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for your interest in our company this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference, thanks for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Winnie Smith - Global Payments, Inc. Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc. Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc. David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.
Analysts: George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC Timothy Wayne Willi - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments' 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Winnie Smith. Please go ahead.
Winnie Smith - Global Payments, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments' second quarter 2018 conference call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some the comments made refer to non-GAAP measures such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted net revenue plus network fees, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Winnie, and thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report another quarter of outstanding operational and financial performance, resulting in the best start to a year since we began running the company nearly five years ago. In sum, we generated double-digit organic revenue growth, expanded adjusted operating margin by 160 basis points and delivered adjusted earnings per share growth of 37% in the second quarter. Each of these metrics represents an acceleration from exceptional first quarter results. We are also delighted to announce today that we have entered into an agreement to purchase AdvancedMD, a leading provider of cloud-based software as a service, or SaaS solutions, to small-to-medium-sized physician practices in the United States. With this transaction, we are further expanding our technology-enabled software-driven strategy towards a 60% target we established at our Investor Day in March. AdvancedMD, or AMD, will provide us with direct entry into a new $9 billion target addressable market for software, benefiting from strong secular tailwinds. The small-to-medium-sized physician healthcare software market is highly fragmented, and AdvancedMD is an industry leader at roughly twice the size of its nearest cloud competitor. AMD is also one of the only companies in the industry that provides users with an end-to-end platform encompassing practice management, electronic health records and patient engagement solutions, all delivered on a single instance multitenant architecture. As a reminder, we currently have exposure to tens of thousands of dentists and veterinarians through our OpenEdge business. AMD will add direct relationships with 33,000 physicians and 11,000 small-to-medium-sized practice groups across more than 100 ambulatory specialties in the United States. In addition, we have successfully demonstrated the nexus between payments and software in this market, as AMD is an existing OpenEdge partner. We currently capture approximately 20% of AMD's roughly $3 billion annual payments volume opportunity and expect to be able to penetrate this base more rapidly going forward. With increasing consumerism in healthcare, in particular in ambulatory specialties core to AMD's business, we see a large and growing payments opportunity that we are now better positioned to capture. Further, we expect to generate synergies from this transaction by leveraging our domestic distribution assets and consolidation of logical corporate functions. With the acquisition of AdvancedMD, in combination with our investment in ACTIVE Network last year and our preexisting education, university, restaurant and hospitality businesses, our annual software revenue represents roughly 15% of our total revenue. This solidifies Global Payments position as the market leader in technology-enabled software-driven payments. In addition to new investments, we continue to make progress on the other two legs to our growth strategy: expanding our worldwide omni-channel capabilities and increasing our exposure to faster growth markets. We saw ongoing strength in our worldwide e-commerce and omni solutions business in the second quarter, which grew in the high teens year-over-year, further progressing towards the 20% revenue contribution target we set for 2020. As we discussed at our Investor Conference, our focus in this business is largely on SMB customers, and much of our growth stems from enabling e-commerce or omni-channel solutions within a given domestic market or cross-border. In addition, our unique capabilities in hard-to-serve markets for large multinational corporations also continues to drive significant wins, including two signature luxury retailers recently. More to come on this in our third quarter report. And finally, we remain well-positioned in faster growing markets and are accelerating sales efforts, as we expand our distribution and leverage our best-in-class technology and products into new geographies. Together with our partners at CaixaBank, our joint venture with Erste Bank in Central Europe realized strong double-digit growth in the second quarter, as we continue to bring differentiated solutions, including e-commerce to highly attractive, underpenetrated markets. We are also making progress on our pending joint venture with HSBC in Mexico, having received European Union regulatory approval this quarter, and still expect to close before year-end. Our businesses in Asia, led by Ezidebit in integrated and vertical markets and eWAY and e-commerce, continued their track record of exceptional growth. While successfully executing on the key pillars of our growth strategy, we also continue to wrap more value around transactions to provide customers what they want and need to operate their businesses more effectively. To that end, we have now launched our Xenial premium cloud-based analytics product in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. Beyond standard reporting, we are now able to provide restaurants with customer analytics, sales trends, competitive insights, social media management tools and email-marketing solutions. We will continue to enrich this platform with additional data elements and features to enable our customers to create and manage a broad range of digital advertising activities. We are excited about the solid progress we have already made on the multiyear framework we outlined in March. Consistent execution of this strategy produced terrific results for the first half of 2018, and we are well-positioned to realize our long-term goals through further investments in technology-enabled software-driven businesses like AdvancedMD. With that, I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to report another quarter of strong financial results. Our ongoing solid execution and differentiated growth strategy continue to manifest themselves in exceptional financial performance. Total company adjusted net revenue plus network fees for the second quarter was $982 million, reflecting growth of 18% versus the prior-year period, once again driven by double-digit normalized organic growth. Adjusted operating margin expanded 160 basis points to 31.4%, and adjusted earnings per share increased 37% to $1.29. We are proud of these results and remain encouraged by the momentum in the business throughout the first half of 2018. Importantly, we delivered this strong performance, while simultaneously executing on our strategy to expand our software-driven payments thesis through the agreement to acquire AdvancedMD. I will provide more details on this transaction in a moment, but let me first highlight the terrific performance our team delivered globally this quarter. Starting with North America, adjusted net revenue plus network fees was $719 million, reflecting growth of 18%. Adjusted operating margin expanded 190 basis points to 32.4%, driven by our higher-margin technology-enabled businesses and the addition of ACTIVE Network. In the U.S., our direct distribution businesses again delivered low double-digit normalized organic growth, accelerating from the previous quarter, while we saw low double-digit declines in our wholesale business, consistent with our expectations. Our Canadian business again grew in line with our expectations in local currency, and foreign exchange rates had a modestly favorable impact to overall North American growth. Turning to Europe, adjusted net revenue plus network fees grew 19%, driven by double-digit organic growth in local currency. This result was well ahead of the market, reflecting ongoing strength and execution in share gain. Spain remained a bright spot, with local currency growth in the mid-teens for the quarter. Likewise, our joint venture with Erste Bank delivered high teens local currency growth on the back of a good a macroeconomic environment, strong secular trends and solid execution. In the UK, we delivered high single-digit organic growth, which was consistent with the first quarter, despite what continues to be a challenging macro environment. Results in the UK were again driven by transaction and volume growth, as we gained additional market share. Lastly, our ecomm and omni solutions business grew high-teens, as our unique-value proposition continued to resonate in the pan-European market. Adjusted operating margin in Europe expanded 210 basis points to 47.4%, driven primarily by the strong top-line performance. Our Asia-Pacific business also delivered another quarter of mid-teens organic growth, consistent with Q1 results. We saw solid trends across our key markets, including Hong Kong, the Philippines and Taiwan, and Ezidebit and eWAY once again contributed meaningfully to growth in the region. Adjusted operating margin in Asia expanded 130 basis points to 31.5%. The solid operating performance we delivered this quarter, in combination with disciplined reinvestment in the business, allowed us to generate adjusted free cash flow of $158 million, excluding acquisition and integration costs, up 22% year-over-year despite a 35% increase in capital investment. Our capital expenditures totaled $59 million and largely consisted of investments to support the development of new product and technology solutions and further enhance our operating platforms. During the quarter we also repurchased roughly 1.6 million shares for a total of approximately $180 million. In late June, we completed the refinancing of our corporate credit facilities, reducing the interest rate spread by 25 basis points. The amendment also increased our revolver capacity by $250 million to $1.5 billion. In addition to improving our liquidity position and extending the maturity of our facilities, the refinancing also yields meaningful annual interest expense benefits. When combined with the amendment to our term loan B announced in March, we expect to realize $5 million to $6 million of interest expense savings annually, net of additional anticipated expense associated with future interest rate hedging activities. This benefit will also help offset the impact of rising underlying rates. At the end of the second quarter, our gross leverage was 3.3 times. As Jeff discussed, this morning we announced a definitive agreement to acquire AdvancedMD, a leading provider of enterprise software solutions for small-to-medium-sized physician practices, for $700 million. We expect to finance the transaction using cash on hand and our existing credit facility with pro-forma leverage increasing modestly to approximately 3.8 times as a result. We are targeting closing the transaction in the fourth quarter. Moving to our outlook, the momentum in our business that allowed us to exceed our expectations in the first half of the year positions us well to achieve our financial targets for the full year. We are, however, facing some incremental pressure from foreign currency and now anticipate FX being a headwind in the third and fourth quarters. That said, we expect the strong underlying trends we are seeing in the business to offset this impact. We continue to expect adjusted net revenue plus network fees to range from $3.90 billion to $3.975 billion, reflecting growth of 13% to 15% over 2017. This outlook reflects the negative impact of roughly $35 million of foreign currency headwinds relative to our expectations when we last guided in early May. Adjusted operating margin is forecasted to expand by up to 120 basis points. Pressure from rising interest rates should be largely offset by our refinancing activities, and we expect net interest in the third and fourth quarters to be roughly consistent with the second quarter prior to factoring in the additional debt we will incur to finance the AdvancedMD transaction. Additionally, we are adjusting our effective tax rate forecast for the full year to be roughly 20% to 21%. The reduction in this estimate is driven by further refinement of the impacts of tax reform on our business as well as the incremental benefits we expect to realize as we restructure our international organization to optimize our tax position under the new U.S. regime. Lastly, we now expect adjusted earnings per share in the range of $5.05 to $5.20, reflecting growth of 26% to 30% over 2017. This outlook reflects approximately $0.10 per share of negative impact from foreign currency headwinds relative to our last update in early May. Our updated full-year guidance does not include any impact from the pending acquisition of AdvancedMD which we expect to be immaterial to adjusted earnings per share in 2018. I will close by reiterating how pleased we are with our performance in the second quarter and thus far in 2018. The continued execution of our strategy positions us well to achieve our financial expectation as we deliver differentiated solutions for our customers and drive superior results for our shareholders. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Cameron. We have a consistent track record of strong execution and exceeding our own expectations, and the second quarter was no exception. The pending acquisition we announced today represents another investment to expand our software prowess in a key vertical market. AdvancedMD will accelerate the evolution of our business mix and further positions Global Payments as the leader in technology-enabled software-driven payments globally. This investment will provide additional catalysts for continued market share gains in the months and years to come. I'll now turn the call back to Winnie.
Winnie Smith - Global Payments, Inc.: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning, guys, and congrats on another strong quarter. Wanted to start-off, if we look at the North America business, specifically in the U.S., it looks like your direct business again accelerated a little bit from the first quarter. Wonder if you could talk a little bit about the drivers for that and how should we be thinking about that going forward. If I'm not mistaken, the comps are a touch easier in the back half of the year relative to the first half?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, George, it's Cameron. Good morning. So a couple of comments, I would guess, as it relates to the second quarter performance versus the first quarter performance. We did see some acceleration in our U.S. direct businesses and we are obviously delighted with that. Probably upwards of about 1 point I think between Q1 and Q2, largely driven by our integrated vertical markets business. So our direct distribution relationship-led channel was pretty consistent Q1 to Q2 in that high single-digit range, it was really our integrated vertical markets business that accelerated slightly from Q1 to Q2 that drove, again, the overall accelerations in the U.S. direct business. As we look to the back half the year, as we talked to you guys before, we manage that business to high-single to low-double-digit rates of organic growth. I think our guide would suggest that we expect to be in that range as we get into the back half of the year. You'll recall, or you are recalling, I think, directly Q3 last year because that would've bene a hurricane impact in the business. I don't know if that's dramatic enough to call out as making it a significantly easier comp, quite frankly, but I think, as we look towards the back half of the year, again, we feel very confident in the ability to continue to grow that channel in the high single-digit to low double-digit pace we have been now for the last probably six to eight quarters.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: And George, it's David. Maybe a little bit more color just from a performance standpoint. We are very happy with the way the businesses have started the year. As Cameron pointed out, the vertical markets businesses are off to a very strong start. That includes, particularly, integrated payments of the OpenEdge business, our education businesses in good schools and universities at TouchNet and school solutions are really well ahead at the start the year. On the core sort of sales question, interestingly enough, we're really happy with where we are from a sales perspective across the United States, North America, actually the world and I'll come back to that in just a second, but the sales across the board are in very good shape. We're off to a good start in core sales in the direct book, which was what Cameron was describing earlier as the sort of direct non-vertical market. We had a couple of different record months over the course of the last six months; really very happy with the sales there, really happy with sales in OpenEdge in the vertical markets. Canada sales are ahead, and actually, Asia and Europe sales are ahead at the start of the year. So, as Cameron and Jeff said, in kind of the core prepared remarks, we're really happy with where we stand halfway through the year.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Nice to see the momentum. And then I guess, Jeff, the AdvancedMD acquisition, anything you guys are able to share around the growth rate that you expect there, revenue contribution, EBITDA? Anything that can kind of help us think through the business financially? And again, congrats on the quarter.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, George. It's Jeff. I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to add some of the financial color that you just asked about. So we're delighted to announce a partnership with AdvancedMD. As you know, in our technology-enabled channels we target low double-digit growth organically for those businesses. So clearly, Cameron can give more color. But needless to say we're looking at markets that are large. In the case of healthcare, we talked about the physician practice management businesses of small-to-midsized physicians in the United States. It's a $9 billion target addressable market, highly fragmented, though I think we said in our prepared remarks they're twice the size of their nearest cloud competitor. We also like the fact that there are already in payments, particularly with us (22:11) partner for what we do. I think we said we have 20% of their payment stream, which we size currently today at $3 billion annually of volume. You may remember we announced ACTIVE Network a year ago, that was also about $3 billion annual payments volume at that time. So when you step back and look at some of the largest addressable vertical markets, which is really our focus and our specialty here in the United States, we certainly think that healthcare, by definition, is kind of one of them. We especially think that the small to midsize physician practice management business, in particular, with a payments overlay, a business we are already in, in the case of partnered software, is very attractive for own software assets for the reasons that we already mentioned. Cameron, do you want to comment on the financial question?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, George. Again, I think Jeff talked about the growth rate of the business. We do view this as a low double-digit growing business, very consistent with the rest of our integrated and vertical market businesses. And that would be our expectation for it going forward. So at that level we would view it as accretive to the overall rate of growth of Global Payments which is going to be important as well. For 2018, we were expected to do probably around $125-ish million of revenue, again, growing in low double-digits into 2019. So that would be our expectation as we go through the business for 2019. From an EBITDA margin standpoint, this is a business that is still scaling, I think, as Jeff kind of characterized and made commentary. I think as we look at the business, obviously, coming into Global Payments as we get into 2019, we'll give you more color as we head into the year as to what we think the implications will be. It is a business that we think will be accretive to margins as we get out a little bit further in time for Global Payments as it relates to 2019. And they moderate our margin expansion a little bit as we further scale the business, leverage distribution to drive faster rates of growth in the business. But overall, a very attractive financial profile, and one that we think, obviously, is going to be accretive to growth, accretive to margins for Global Payments over time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Good results again. Yeah. Just want to follow up on the AdvancedMD. Maybe a little bit more color. Just trying to better understand a little bit. It sounds like their market share based on that $125 million is still very, very low in a pretty big market. But I wanted to understand the payments component, is it just the 20% tie-in with OpenEdge or do they have their own component? And where can you take that 20% of their payments volume today?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, Glenn, it's David. I'll start and let the other guys chime in as well. What you've just described at the beginning of your question is exactly what we like about the market  highly fragmented. We remain the number one competitor in the small to medium space by a long shot, much larger than its cloud-based competitors as I just said, twice the size of the nearest (25:09). And also a market full of legacy traditional providers who are on-prem with more limited software capabilities. So, we've great opportunity with a very strong direct sales model that we have. Obviously, we look to that almost primarily a first when performing due diligence on the deal. So, we're really happy with the pieces and the opportunity of the market. Fragmented is what we like. The fact that they're the largest but small, that seems like a really good thing to me as we think about the future of the business and the low double-digit growth that Cameron and Jeff have each described. So really happy with those pieces. As a payments matter, there are kind of a couple of components to payments. Maybe two or three. Fundamentally it's the one you mentioned, which is OpenEdge. So, we got about 20% of their payments volume. That means there's 80% to address that's going to a different cloud provider for co-pay fundamentally at its simplest level. I don't know why that number isn't really, really a lot higher just inside the next year or two. We'll focus together on joint sales as one of our key revenue synergies to drive that payments penetration to OpenEdge's integrated payment to 30%, 40%, 50% over the coming years. No reason that can't happen, no reason that can't happen particularly when we're one company together. We (26:12) companies as you'll understand. There are also some payments around bill payments and electronic billing payment that happen at the back end on the acquisition, nice little payments opportunity there. It's something we're good at when you link this terrific Rhythm software platform, again, the only cloud-based single platform that's available in the market itself, to the payment process. So really good payment fundamentals, and as you well know, we want to wrap value around the payment. And the payments and the technology and the software, it's a perfect fit for technology driven  or a software-driven technology-enabled strategy.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. That was very comprehensive, David. Follow-up question will be the Europe strength in the quarter seemed to accelerate as well. I heard some of the comments but I was surprised at the UK strength and sounds like Erste is doing really well. Just a little bit more color on the Europe strength and the organic growth there.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Glenn, it's Jeff. I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to add some more of the financial and data related details. So, I would say it's really just a continuation of the trend. We've made, as you know, over the last number of years, very significant investments in our technology footprint globally, that for these purposes and your question, particularly into Europe, one of the things that we called out was our integrated and vertical markets business in Europe as well as ecomm and omni solutions business. The primary market for which for us for these purposes is really Europe, particularly in the European Union post SEPA and PSD2 and the like. So very attractive target market for us. We kind of called out a couple of significant wins in the quarter. We don't want to spend too much time on that, because we intend to spend a lot of time in the third quarter call going through an update, as we do annually on our ecomm and omni business and I would say a continuation of the trend, Glenn, which is to say why we invested so significantly over the years in ecomm and omni, in all businesses, but especially here in Europe, why did we enter faster growth markets? Because we think that those are attractive, but we also think we can layer on top of those our leading-edge technology, in fact, we call that ecomm and omni products in the case of Erste Bank in Continental Europe. So, I would say, Glenn, I view the quarter very much as a confirmation, probably over the last number of quarters of trending and probably mostly being in the United Kingdom as Cameron mentioned in his comments, but notwithstanding macro headwinds which is the FX, same-store sales, retail, GDP growth. Notwithstanding that we still saw very consistent volume and transaction growth trends in the second quarter that we saw in the first. Again, I think that's a tribute to our teams there, but particularly a further validation of investment in new technology and then targeting in those markets. I think Cameron called this out, but a lot of it, undoubtedly, given the macro backdrop is pure and simple market share gains. And I think we've been saying that for the last number of quarters.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Glenn, it's Cameron, a couple of comments. If you look at Q1 and Q2, little bit of the acceleration as we talked about before was in ecomm and omni business and (29:14). Those are the two things that stand out to me. On the ecomm and omni, I think Jeff described how we're positioned strategically very well and obviously we're seeing that manifest itself in nice rates of organic growth in that channel over the course of the first half of really 2018, but even more so in the second quarter. Erste JV, I think is really a function of you're seeing now the value of having them migrated onto our platforms, our ability now to sell products and solutions into those markets that are very distinctive, relative to what traditional buyers in the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia are able to deliver, is very powerful and obviously that's driving very attractive rates over organic growth in that business. So we're delighted with that performance and it really speaks to I think in a microcosm the value of managing our business a single common platform globally, our ability to distribute products and solutions ubiquitously across the markets that are very differentiated.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of David Togut of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. Nice to see the acceleration in organic growth.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: The UK results were particularly strong given the broad payment trends we're seeing in that market. Can you comment a bit on what you're seeing in terms of open banking? UK is really the first of the broad European markets to adopt consumer ACH payments in open banking. So I'd be curious, A, if you're seeing any traction from some of those initiatives?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, David, it's Jeff, I'll start. So what I would say is the fastest growing piece of our UK business really is debit, and particularly contactless debit. So we certainly have seen a very meaningful acceleration in the use of that, particularly in places like in transit, so for a lower ticket item, the ability for consumers to use different forms of payment. There, as you know David, it's a little bit less about using your phone and a little bit more for consumers about just taking out their wallets and putting it on top of the NFC receptor. So contactless is something that on Visa and Mastercard, the networks talk a lot about here in the United States. But that time has already come, David, in Europe, in the United Kingdom and to a certain extent in Asia. That's really not a new trend. I'd say that the last number of quarters we've seen very substantial acceleration of our debit businesses in the UK. And I think the clearest example of that is consumer usage in places like the Tube. I know that the networks are hopeful that could be extrapolated to other markets like the United States, but the UK's probably the market leader in that technology.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. And then congrats on Xenial. I'm just curious, how is Xenial positioned against Square for restaurants, which just rolled out as well? I mean, if you look at the feature functionality, what are the main differences in how the product is positioned in the market?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. Sure, David. This is David. I think a couple of distinctions maybe around the answer. The Xenial we were describing today was actually a set of analytics products that we're really excited about rolling out in Canada, the UK and they already rolled out in the U.S. at the end of the year. As a restaurant matter, we are very comfortable with our restaurant positioning. And in the enterprise class, which I think is your direct question, with Xenial, with the rest of our software products, we have a combination of terrific technology, extensive and scalable software solutions for high volume customers, includes multiple stations, different payment solutions, multicurrency, flexible pricing, all the things you need to run and operate. Just as you would expect because we've been in this business for years, there are no surprises there whatsoever. We can uniquely combine that with high volume payment, supporting in analytics, so very happy with where we sit there. We're also, I would tell you, very comfortable with our price points against the competition in that sort of higher end of the market. So it's a very large target market. We and others can unseat some pretty nice traditional competitors at the high end of the market. Let me pause for a second and take you back a little bit further. We start with sales are running ahead in the United States, we actually think we're performing very well. We actually don't see Square in a lot of sales situations, quite frankly. For most of their business, they're serving a smaller customer. Our market is going to be a little bit higher than that. And again, as I said a moment ago, as you head toward the high end of the bank card volume, where you really do linking the software with Xenial, we're really, really comfortable with our solution. And fundamentally, we have a big advantage when it comes to service and relationship. Remember, I talked a lot about building local and meaningful relationships with customers. The higher you get, the more technology you enable, the more the relationships kind of matter, we believe. We sell on that, and we think the competition is more limited in that regard. And then sort of fundamentally, I'd say you haven't seen us lose business to Square. So high end of the market, very comfortable with technology, really glad you asked the question. Low end of the market, we don't play that low. We play in the middle to upper end, and we're very comfortable with our sales results to-date.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks so much. Extremely helpful.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, David.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Hey, Jeff, Cameron, David. So good results, and the acquisition team is consistent with the strategy you guys laid out, so congratulations on that. Two questions, and I'll ask both of them at once. The first one is, the margin performance year-to-date is pretty solid, and I guess the question is, why not take up the outlook? Is there an offsetting set of incremental investments that you guys continue to make? Obviously, there's a pricing opportunity as well. So can you talk I guess first of all about the margin performance and the ability to take up outlook? And then the second thing is, clearly from a macro standpoint, there's been a lot of worrying headlines, tariffs, trade war, Brexit, things like that. How do you factor that into guidance? If you could broadly talk about that given your global presence? Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, thanks, Ashwin. It's Jeff. I'm going to start actually with your second question. I appreciate you asking the two upfront, so we can kind of categorize it on our side and route it accordingly. So I'll start with the second question on the macro. And then I'll ask Cameron to talk about what's embedded in our outlook. So the short answer to what you asked about the macro is, no. We have not seen an impact on the tariff stuff and the trade discussions. I would tell you the most important driver of our business, as we say over time is the health of the consumer, the rate of GDP growth. Obviously the U.S. has had a very high GDP print the other day, and I would say this is probably in the quarter in our views of where we are today is just a continuation of the trend really kind of globally in terms of the expansion of GDP. I would say in the macro point of view, and this will dovetail with what Cameron is going to describe, where the only difference now versus the last time we spoke in our last earnings call is probably the FX, the foreign currency related environment, but I would tell you that from my point of view today, the consumer remains extremely healthy and we've yet to see any impact to our business from the question you asked. Cameron, you want to talk about the outlook?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, Ashwin, that's a probably good jumping off point for the outlook around margins which is a really good question. So, what I would say is first of all, we're delighted obviously with the margin performance we've seen kind of year to date of 150 basis points year-over-year for the first half relative to last year's performance. If you looked at the back half of the year, there's a couple things I would call out, first is (36:53). FX is obviously, based on our outlook for currency as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we see FX being a headwind in the back half of the year, so it's going to be a headwind to revenue, headwind to EPS but also a headwind to margin. So, as I look at the margin guide today, there's probably at least 20 bps of FX headwind in that margin guide relative to where we were back in May. So, I think that's probably the first important point to call out. The second is and we said this coming into the year with tax reform, we are taking that opportunity to invest in the business and some of those investments will ramp as we work through the year. So as we get into the back half, some of that opportunity to reinvest back into the business is obviously ramping up and that will I think put a little pressure on margin expansion relative to what we saw in the first half of the year, but obviously still over the year very healthy margin expansion, well above our stated sort of guide on a cycle basis for margin expansion for the business. And to me that's a really good thing, because one of the things I'm most proud about, I think we're most proud about is the ability to generate the type of consistent financial performance we have while still meaningfully investing in the businesses that we could grow. So, we're not starving the business for capital, we're not starving the business for investment, we're investing in the future while also obviously delivering on the promise we believe we have in the business today. So, I think that's a very good thing, and we're always balancing the level of investment in the business with obviously our desire to continually expand margins in the business over time.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you for that. I will catch up with you on the 10 AM follow up (38:27). Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks, guys. Nice job on the quarter.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Let me start off just on your strategy  hey, around the iPOS (38:41) building out internationally and kind of any updates around that. Obviously, it's outperforming in the U.S. for a long time now so just curious to hear how that's going in the UK and Canada and maybe what the competitive dynamics are there?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Darrin, David here. I'll start. So, actually, very happy with the steady rollouts of iPOS (38:59), I would actually maybe broaden it a little bit to make it more of a technology answer. So integrated payments are a core part of the way we're selling now in Canada and in the UK. A combination of integrated and semi-integrated solutions is certainly helping with the developed market performance you've seen us post in Canada and the UK and across Europe for the last several quarters (39:18) commented a little while ago. When you think of iPOS (39:21) specifically, we've got a much broader Xenial rollout going on as we speak, as we talk about in other settings. We mentioned analytics today, which rolled out to Canada and the UK but beyond that, we're rolling out restaurant functionality over the course of 2018 and 2019, particularly full roll out in 2019 in Spain, later in 2018 in Canada, 2019 in the UK. All those processes are continuing at pace as is our full roll-out to QSR table service and enterprise in the United States over the course of 2018. We'll combine that with Xenial gift (39:52) analytics and other reporting products. So right now, we have the ability to sell analytics on top of what you might think of as sort of non-iPOS (39:59) payment technology in Canada, UK and Spain. We have analytics with iPOS (40:05) in U.S., Canada, and UK and rolling out more and more consistent cloud-based product over the course of 2018 and 2019 in such a way that we expect that in the middle of 2019, towards the end of 2019, have the full suite of all of our software capabilities available in all of our major western markets.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, I'd add to that, Darrin, to what David said, that we've also been successful in rolling out our university product, TouchNet to markets outside the United States, it's obviously a software-based solution in currently ecomm and omni businesses for selling a lot of technology, which we called out, I know we'll spend more time on in the third quarter. And then lastly, I don't want to overlook Australia, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, New Zealand and Asia-Pacific with our Ezidebit, our integrated and vertical markets in Australia, New Zealand and our eWay ecommerce products. Those continue at very healthy rates of (41:00) after we consummate this partnership. So, I would say that David's right. But just specifically on iPOS (41:10) but I think more generally outside the United States, our ability to take the integrated and vertical markets, technology-enabled software assets into a multinational environment, you're seeing the fruits of that in those results today.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's really helpful, guys. Just one quick follow-up. When we look at the pricing opportunity in the U.S., maybe just a quick comment on where you still feel like you are, maybe coming out of Heartland. And then, kind of on the UK side, just considering the UK market regulatory headlines around pricing in that industry, I mean, I'd just be curious to hear your thoughts. It sounds like you guys were pretty transparent in your pricing model, Interchange Plus, but any thoughts on the impact this could have or may or may not have going forward?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Darrin, David again. And then, I'll let Jeff take on the UK situation. I'll talk a little bit on the United States. So, we believe we have an enormous amount of remaining economic value opportunity in the United States. It comes, really, from the service we offer, and we're still in the middle of matching the economics to deliver great values, so more on income fees (42:12) and things like that. In fact, what we are looking at is saying, we provide this world-class service on industry-leading infrastructure, high quality reporting compliance (42:21). So, let's take a look at whether or not we're pricing for that service appropriately versus (42:26) historically, priced for that service appropriately. So when we started, as you'll recall from a year or more ago by better aligning our new sales economics and tools with the level of service we provide. Now we have the ability to go back through the services we provide and can find folks who maybe aren't meeting contractual obligation, find folks who are sort of in long-term below-market condition, and kind of ratably and progressively make sure we address those things from (42:49). So again, not a broad based approach to jump these, more specifically targeting the massive economic value of what we're providing to service value. So we're rolling that through, and doing that in that measured fashion, I'd tell you we've got a long runway ahead of us in terms of being able to provide more and more economic value, more and more economic turns on top of business services we sell and the accelerated sales results (43:11).
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, I'd add to what David said, Darrin, on your second question that the UK has been historically (43:15), and I expect it to be an, going forward, an intensely competitive market. You've had a number of not just existing competitive market entrants, new market entrants in fact over the last number of years. (43:32) of people who have entered the UK markets. So, the first thing I'd say is it's always been competitive. Our markets are generally competitive. But for these purposes, the UK's been intensely competitive, and I expect it to remain that way. And of course, there's legacy competitors there too (43:48) prospective pro forma for the AMD announcement this morning, the UK's roughly 8% of our revenue, but nonetheless, it's an intensely competitive market and I don't expect that to change. The second thing I'd say is, for years, we've been Interchange Plus pricing in the UK, which means changes in interchange get passed through, that's what Interchange Plus means, to all sizes of merchants, small, medium, and large. Third, I think you touched on this. We're highly transparent in our pricing and billing. I think as you know, in some markets like in Canada, we're actually a bank and regulated. And as such, obviously, the context of what we do is highly regulated by folks like the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom and, of course, Visa, Mastercard generally in most markets have their own set of rules about transparency in pricing. Given our bank background in markets like the UK, given the fact that we are a bank in certain markets like Canada and (45:09) using Mastercard in nearly all of our markets, particularly in the United Kingdom for these purposes, we're very transparent, and the market is highly competitive. Lastly, I'd say, there's a lot of switching in places of merchants, in places like the UK, and that market you tend to see 15% to 25% term rates, the vast majority of those is people choosing different providers. The attractiveness from new people like Square (45:14) come into that market. So I would say sitting here today and given how we operate, we really don't expect it to have any kind of material impact to our business. I think we just answered someone else's question this morning about the products and services we brought into that marketplace. I think David's philosophy that he just expressed on how we add value to transactions here in the United States applies to the UK and our other markets, which is to say that we try to charge fairly for the products and services that we are (45:45) investment along those lines. So we feel good about where we are, and I don't see that really changing anything for us.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tim Willi with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Timothy Wayne Willi - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you and good morning. I had one question I guess around technology in the back office and operations. So you talked a lot about technology strategy on the frontend and driving revenue and products. Could you just talk about what you're doing with data, machine learning behind the scenes that may be driving, or at some point will help to drive additional margin expansion as you improve and streamline, not just a top-line driven revenue margin story, but maybe more on the backside?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Tim. It's David. I'll start and let the other guys chime in, because (47:03) around the enterprise and it's actually  it's a fantastic question because we think about it in the same way. The very same back-office tools that allow us to stage data to roll out analytics products like the Xenial products we described earlier today, the ability to kind of roll out these solutions that give you daypart sales and let merchants have insight (47:27) customers and drive campaigns and manage social media. All that same data is sitting (47:31) as are the tools that phase it in. So whether that's the ability of our finance folks to help us with forecast analysis and opportunities to improving the enterprise. A little more importantly, and maybe more specifically the margin (47:45) is the ability to actually be better at the way we serve customers. We do try and differentiate, as you well know, on service and on high touch, so yes, these tools are really right in the sweet spot of our strategy going forward the next couple of years. So when you think about the combination of AI, sort of artificial intelligence from our products, we are employing that as we speak. We've got a lot of stuff in beta in specific business units and actually in our university. We actually have a robot that answers questions right now and directs calls, maybe from Spain. I can't remember his name off the top of my head, but regardless. We were using everyday AI to augment analytics and help us drive the enterprise further, and to your point, drive margin over time. So as an example, we've got prototypes out for intelligent layer on top of analytics to help us with decision-making. We are using in the call service, call centers already, natural language processing, machine learning to answer questions. Again, you may or may not want to talk to a human, but you do want quick service, and you want the answer right away. To the extent we can make that a better experience, we're going after that. The applications include voice-enabled systems, accelerated processing. We do have some testing of automated resolution of customer queries. Let me pause for one second, financial services remains the land of exception management. At the end of the day, all the cool software in the world still doesn't work perfectly all the time across communication vendors or for internet providers and things like that, so you've got to match exception. You also got to enable more self-service for chargebacks, payment matching, even batch recount, that's our reconciliation around these jargon and transactions. So using AI and analytics for that, boosting our productivity, boosting our ability to turn, so it's more value-added activities like building products and selling, instead of answering questions. So actually, we're pretty intrigued. You can probably hear it from my tone. The more of this we invest in, the more excited we get about the opportunity to scale at the backend. As you heard Cameron describe earlier, put money back into that frontend revenue-producing customer touching side of the business. So look forward to talk a little bit more about it going forward, maybe not in the next couple quarters, but as we go forward.
Timothy Wayne Willi - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. I just had a follow-up on AMD. I want to make sure I understand it. I missed some of the earlier comments, I apologize. But is the primary payment flow of AMD the consumer payment to the physician? Or are you also touching the payment or the possibility to touch the payment from the insurance provider back to the health system or the physician?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. So, Tim, the absolute primary piece of the payment is  think of it as the co-pay. So it's fundamental to have consumers checking out, which you'll recall is the core business we enable in OpenEdge. When you check out, we automatically update patient records and scheduling, send off the forms to claims, the Cignas of this world, et cetera. There is an element of billing and payment opportunity at the backend that's further down the road that we're pretty interested about, and given my history, I'm a little interested in that payment flow as well. But the core of this is what we know really, really well, the OpenEdge card processing payment flow.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: And, Tim, it's Cameron. I'll add just a couple of comments. One thing we haven't really touched on as it relates to AdvancedMD is, they're really focused on ambulatory practices. So these are outpatient. And they're also focused on those specialties where there's more consumerism in health care. So as we think about the opportunity, obviously there's an existing base of payments that we can further penetrate, but longer term, we're going to be more and more in specialties where there will be an increasing amount of consumer oriented payments, relative to insurance billings and whatnot, as it relates to healthcare payments going forward. So that's part of the attractiveness of the business from our standpoint. So as we look at it from, again, a financial profile standpoint, that's why we're confident obviously with the ability to continue to drive that low double-digit rate of organic growth in the business going forward, why we see the business as being accretive from an EPS standpoint in 2019 and going forward. All of that, it creates a very nice backdrop for a financial profile for AMD that we think is highly attractive for us.
Timothy Wayne Willi - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much. That's all I have.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to follow up on David Togut's question a little bit around Xenial and restaurants. And David Mangum, very much appreciate the color competitively. One of the things that I think has come up a lot  and it came up yesterday on Square's call, too  is self-service onboarding, and I think that surprised a lot of people from a scalability standpoint. And I appreciate the high customer touch and the nature of the customer. But could you comment a little bit on whether or not that's a trend that you're seeing in your business and something you might want to pursue going forward?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Sure. Happy to, Andrew. It is something we want to pursue. It's actually something we've already pursued. So that exists. I don't know that I think of that as a massive trend fundamentally changing the market at all. Faster onboarding, the ability to be transacting right away are all just the kinds of services that we all need to offer. I recognize that many "traditional" competitors in the space can't offer that. But no, the idea of being able to get onboard immediately, maybe even come back and doing the underwriting a little bit later, yes, absolutely exists. It's something we enable as well market-by-market around the world. We're working hard to get better and better at that in the States. Part of our competitive differentiation  when I say high touch, high service, it means you know your customer. It doesn't mean you're not applying technology, not boarding quickly, not enabling transactions immediately, not settling batches the first night you bring reports back. It means, hey, I know my customers well, I know and I speak the restaurant language, the hospitality language, the physician language, in the case of AMD, the university language. It's being able to be more and more vertically fluent to speak the language of your customer and provide them that kind of relationship and service. It by no means is a replacement for having to be right on the cutting edge of technology as well.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. Appreciate you elaborating on that. And, Jeff, I might ask, perhaps you can expound a little bit on some of the competitive comments in Europe, particularly around sort of the next gen ecomm acquirers. Did I understand you in your prepared remarks to say that you think Global thrives because it's more of a specialized player, hard-to-reach markets, domestic ecomm? Is that the right way to think about the competitive differentiation at least today in Europe and perhaps APAC?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: So, Andrew, it's a great question. I think if you go back a little bit to what we described in the March Investor Day where we had a bunch of slides on what we thought, how the market was stratified and how we'd compete, I would say if you look at that, we really compete two ways in our ecomm and omni business. The first thing is our core, as it always is, is SMB. So adding in, for example, talked about this in their perspectives, that the top 10 customers I think are a third of the business, and those are all ecomm owned. If you think about us by way of  based on what they said. But think about the way we go to market, SMB is our core. Those are generally omni, meaning virtual. They're both ecomm as well as physical acceptance. And in particular in Europe, as I described in response to David Togut's question, across a number of geographies across the European Union. So when you think first, Andrew, about SMB, ecomm as well as omni in the European region, there are a lot of folks who fit the bill in all those touch points that I just highlighted. And I think by far that's the predominant means of kind of what we do, kind of point number one. Point number two, the cross-border, which we referenced in our prepared comments, too. There I think our global footprint, where we're physically in 30 countries but doing business cross-border, especially ecomm, in more than 50 with over 140 currencies, there I do think there is a lot of value to first having a single provider in all those markets. So while we certainly overlap with a number of the folks competitively in any one geography, increasingly we see a trend toward smart multinational corporates picking one provider that solves all their payment needs. I believe that's some of the markets that we're in, Taiwan would be an example, Singapore, Malaysia, New Zealand, go down the list, Hong Kong. There aren't a lot of providers cross-border in those markets plus Europe across most of EU who can really provide the most sophisticated multinationals, now I'm on that point (55:59), not SMBs, with all the payment solutions they need with one technology environment. You put those two together, which is SMB, kind of our core online, as well as physical store combined with complicated multinational for a single provider in all the markets they can possibly be in, (56:10) in some cases you're going to do some of these RFPs. You might be one or two providing that, because those needs are really hard to solve. So that really is the genesis of our mode of competition, and how we go to market ecomm and omni. And I think we've laid out this most recent quarter but certainly over the last number of years what that's meant in terms of our growth because again this quarter coming in the third quarter, we'll talk more about how that business is performing and what we continue to expect. But we're well on our way as we described in the Investor Day to (56:44) 20% of our revenue in 2020 to be coming from our ecomm and omni solution business.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Very thoughtful as usual. Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks for your compliment.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Paul Condra with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thanks. Great. Good morning, everybody. Cameron, I just wanted to ask about the software revenue, you said 15%. Should we think of that as recurring SaaS revenue? Could you put a margin profile on it? And then how should we think about that growing?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, it's a very good question, Paul. So you're right to think about that as a highly recurring revenue stream for us. The vast majority of that is SaaS or it relates to products today that we're in the process of converting to SaaS platforms, but the vast majority of that is going to be SaaS for us today, highly recurring, highly visible, AdvancedMD is a good example of that. We look at the revenue profile of AdvancedMD, we see that as 95%-plus recurring revenue in that business and very attractive, obviously, revenue profile. And naturally given our strategy, that's a portion of the business you should expect to see continue to grow over the course of time both organically and inorganically as we drive on software driven payment strategy towards that 40% target, obviously that complements the 20% target that Jeff just highlighted for ecomm and omni bringing our total technology-enabled target to 60% by that 2020 timeframe. So again, that's a highly attractive aspect of the growth profile of the business. We see those SaaS businesses at a minimum growing in the low double-digits and we're going to be growing more quickly than that. But obviously contributing very nicely towards unit growth over the course of time. From a margin standpoint, you should assume by and large, those businesses should be at or above the corporate margin at a minimum. Some are still scaling, to be fair, so over the course of time some of them are going to scale to being at or above the corporate margins, but certainly our expectation is all those businesses over time should be obviously accretive to the overall margin profile for the company.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks. And then I guess just for the follow-up in terms of M&A, I mean, you're not going to be terribly leveraged coming out of this deal, so should we think of kind of an annual deal pace the way that you guys are thinking about it of this kind of size or any kind of changes or insight you can give us on the strategy?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Paul. It's Jeff. I would just say our pipeline remains full. I think you're right in what we said, we don't view 3.3 times today, 3.8 times lever pro forma as being anywhere but right in our sweet spot in terms of what our goals are and we've articulated before. Our pipeline is full, I hope it doesn't take another year for other deals to come to pass in the technology-enablement world (59:32) but at the end of the day the most important thing for us is the strategic fit, the (59:36) fit and the financial returns that we can generate as we advance our strategy. So time will really tell as it relates to what we're looking at. But I would say in general, we couldn't be more pleased with AdvancedMD where our strategy is, where we are along the path, well down the path of over 60% that we articulated, obviously inorganic growth, mathematically, is a part of that. We love that AdvancedMD beyond how good the business is, is the fact that it exposes us more directly to the healthcare vertical market which is a big chunk of the U.S. economy. There are other vertical markets in the U.S. that we don't have significant exposure to that we also look at. So stay turned, but we're very pleased with where we're now and pleased with where we're heading in terms of our strategy.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: And, Paul, it's Cameron, I'll just add maybe a couple of points to that. One, as we talked about historically, our priority remains to invest in growth of the business. We talked very clearly I think at the Investor conference about the three pillars of growth, where we want to continue to invest to drive growth across those aspects of our business, so rest assured we're working very hard every day to find opportunities that fit, strategically fit, culturally fit, financially are accretive to our rate of revenue growth, accretive to our margins, accretive to earnings as AdvancedMD is, all those things are very important to us. I wouldn't necessarily want to put a target out there as it relates to, I know others in the States like to do that, but I think that implies you're going to do deals regardless of strategic fit, cultural fit, and financial fit, and we're not that sort of investor. So we're obviously, to Jeff's point, working on a very full pipeline now. I think we remain very confident in our ability to find opportunities to fit the criteria that we have for the business, and we'll be able to continue to grow towards the targets we've established through, obviously, organic and inorganic growth and I think AdvancedMD is a great example of that.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Very good. Thanks. Have a good morning.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Heather Ross - Global Payments, Inc. Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc. Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc. David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.
Analysts: Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments 2018 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions and answers. And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Director, Investor Relations, Heather Ross. Please go ahead.
Heather Ross - Global Payments, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments first quarter 2018 conference call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made on this call refer to non-GAAP measures, such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted net revenue plus network fees, adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Heather, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Building on our momentum from 2017, the first quarter of 2018 was one of the strongest quarters we have ever produced. We accelerated growth across our markets, delivering double-digit organic growth in each region, 140 basis points of margin expansion, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 33%. 2018 is off to a fantastic start. These results compare favorably not only to our legacy direct peers, but also to the card networks, ecommerce providers, and other high-tech software and SaaS companies. We are immensely grateful to our customers, partners, and employees for helping us produce market-leading growth. As we discussed at our Investor Conference in March, we are winning every day in the marketplace with the uniqueness of our model, and our evolving business mix toward technology enablement again fueled our results. Our integrated and vertical markets and ecom and omni solutions businesses continued to grow at double-digit rates in the first quarter, highlighting ongoing consistent execution. Our technology-enabled businesses are distinct because of their distribution diversity, both by vertical market and geography, as well as through our ownership of software assets and partnership with leading software providers. In selected vertical markets, we control the full technology value stack, the entire means of production, creating deeper, richer and more value-added relationships with our customers. We also offer a broad range of card-not-present solutions with concurrent face-to-face products in many of the most important markets worldwide with local sales, operational and technical support. As a result, we are more diverse than our peers. The results of this past quarter and really of the past five years reflect ongoing sustained share gains across our markets from these investments. No peer has a business at this scale globally with this mix of distribution and technology. We are also pleased to announce that we have reached an agreement with Aspira, a Vista Equity Partners portfolio company to be its new payments technology partner. This is the third Vista portfolio company to select Global Payments as its partner in as many quarters. As we discussed in our February call, we continue to invest in leading-edge technologies to accelerate growth of product distribution and to provide seamless connectivity to our customers and partners in an increasingly complex world. We are gratified that we have been able to deliver market-leading growth, while making significant investments across our infrastructure to provide for further scale in the future. We were also investing in partnerships to provide further growth by utilizing leading cloud platform-as-a-service providers to enrich our solutions with machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities. We are making substantial progress on our vision of cloud-based SaaS distribution of our technologies globally, providing further competitive differentiation of our businesses. At the same time, we are further investing in our people, while giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To that end, I am very excited that Global Payments will host our fourth biannual Worldwide Day of Service on May 9. On that day, our 10,000 employees will serve others in need worldwide and raise awareness and funds for deserving organizations. These efforts provide an opportunity to build new partnerships with needworthy organizations and causes, and reinforces our common culture and teamwork around the globe. We live at the intersection of technology and payments. Our outstanding first quarter results reflect the wisdom of our strategy to grow our tech-enabled businesses with software focus and sales leadership. We are doing exactly what we said we would do in October of 2015 and March of 2018. Now, I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. As the results indicate, 2018 is indeed off to a terrific start. Our first quarter performance was exceptional, exceeding our expectations across our markets. And we achieved these results, while also continuing to meaningfully invest in our businesses, technologies, people and communities. Consolidated adjusted net revenue plus network fees for the first quarter was $924 million, a 17% increase over 2017. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.13, reflecting growth of 33% and adjusted operating margin expanded 140 basis points to 30.4%. North American adjusted net revenue plus network fees was $677 million, reflecting growth of 17%. In the U.S., our direct distribution business delivered low double-digit normalized organic growth, accelerating sequentially from the previous quarter, while we saw a high single-digit decline in our wholesale business, consistent with our expectations. Adjusted operating margin in North America expanded 190 basis points to 31.6%. Margin expansion was driven by strong organic growth across our U.S. direct channels, in particular, our higher-margin technology-enabled businesses. We again saw strong performance in Europe in the first quarter with adjusted net revenues plus network fees growing 22% or high-single digits on a constant currency basis. Local currency growth was driven by our business in Spain, reflecting ongoing strength in execution in share gains. Likewise, our ecommerce and omnichannel solutions business again grew double digits, as we continue to win in the market with our differentiated offerings. European adjusted operating margins were 45.5% for the quarter, roughly flat as compared against 2017. Our Asia-Pacific business accelerated this quarter, reporting adjusted net revenue plus network fees growth of 15%. We saw solid trends across our key markets in Asia, including Hong Kong, Singapore, and the Philippines. Our technology-enabled businesses in Australia, once again, contributed meaningfully to growth in the region, collectively generating approximately 20% organic growth in the quarter. Adjusted operating margins in Asia expanded 240 basis points as a result of strong adjusted net revenue plus network fees performance, which served to further improve our scale across the region. Excluding acquisition and integration costs, we generated free cash flow of approximately $177 million this quarter. We define free cash flows as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $44 million for the quarter. In addition, since the beginning of the year, we have reduced outstanding debt by nearly $400 million and our leverage as of the end of the quarter was approximately 3.4 times. During the first quarter, we also completed a refinancing of our term loan B, which reduced the interest rate spread on the facility by 25 basis points. The refinancing will generate interest savings of approximately $2.8 million annually, which will help to offset some of the impact of rising underlying rates in 2018. As a result of our strong performance in the first quarter, we are raising our outlook for 2018. We now expect adjusted net revenue plus network fees to range from $3.9 billion to $3.975 billion, reflecting growth of 13% to 15% over 2017. Adjusted operating margin is now expected to expand by up to 120 basis points. Lastly, we now expect adjusted earnings per share to range from $5 to $5.20, reflecting growth of 25% to 30% over 2017. We're extremely pleased with our first quarter results, which sets the stage for another year of strong operational and financial performance. Our unique strategy and relentless focus on execution positions us well for continued superior growth and value creation going forward. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Cameron. At our recent Investor Conference in Atlanta, we explained how our software-driven payments, both owned and partnered, global omnichannel capabilities, and exposure to faster growth markets create a differentiated model for Global Payments. The first quarter of 2018 and our expectations to the next decade highlight the ongoing successes of our strategies and our vision for the future. I'll now turn the call back to Heather.
Heather Ross - Global Payments, Inc.: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. And our first question will come from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Morning, Andrew.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I wonder, as you think about the long-term growth strategy for the business, are there any thoughts about building a common app ecosystem? You've seen a couple of your competitors at least in the U.S. stand up alongside their vertically integrated solutions, that kind of SMB ERP offering, and I realize you have it in specific verticals. Is there any thought about maybe pulling that all together to more deeply embed yourself with your customers?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Andrew. It's Jeff. Thanks for the question. I'll start and I'll ask David to comment as well. So the answer is absolutely. If you think about how we go to market, for example, with our omnichannel solutions and our ecom solutions, a lot of that is driven, as you would expect today, by way of API. Those APIs are obviously exposed to our developer partners in our markets, and they do whatever coding that they would ultimately like. So we allow them to code into us, but we release those APIs in the form of software development kits that they can utilize. That's kind of one point. Second, we obviously have our own software markets as we do in the case of Xenial, where clearly we've developed our own ecosystem, both completely owned as well as integrated with other software-related partners where that's appropriate. So I would say the answer is yes in the sense that both the technology investments we've made, how we go to market today, PSD2 which, is coming, of course, this year, all encourages us to be an API-centric, SDK-centric source for our partners and software developers. Now, if you back up for a second, though, what I would say, going back to another thrust of your question is, are we going to be consumer-centric in the way, for example, the Apple Store is, where you can go to Apple? The answer is our customer is really the merchant. Our customer is really not the consumer. So if you think about how we go to market in our integrated and vertical markets businesses, we either own the software outright as you know, or we partner with people at the enterprise level. As we talked about in our Investor Day, where we're different from a model, for example, like Square is that we get the benefit of deep integrations and rich integrations with our partners, which results in high retention. But we also get the benefit of catalyzed sales in the sense that our partner is selling and referring to us, and we're selling on top of that. That is something that if you went back to Square's model or go to the Apple Store analogy, you really don't get because there isn't a lot of sales, you're just downloading it from the App Store. So I think the answer to the thrust of your question is yes. There obviously are differences in how we go to market that we laid out in March. David, do you want to add any...
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, I'll add a little bit of color, Andrew. It's not as sexy, but we've been investing in what you might think of as abstraction or what would back in the day have been called middleware layers throughout the infrastructure to make it easier to plug into our infrastructure at any level, whether you're a customer, a partner, or another software provider. So we're building what I would call mini ecosystems throughout the multiple layers, whether you're talking about the gateway level, the authorization level, the communication level, the service bus that allows and exposes all of our information to analytic partners. But I think I'd go back to what Jeff said as well. We are building the app-based infrastructures vertical by vertical as well, rather than maybe just a pure sort of generic app infrastructure. For example, if you want to go look at our Xenial software, you can download that from an App Store and in 90 seconds you're up and running your restaurant. Now if you want to plug into that some additional functionality, feel free to do that with an app as well. But we really believe, I think what Jeff said a moment ago, that the deep integration is incredibly powerful. So if you go to our OpenEdge business where one might think you really would have this App Store type functionality available, remember a lot of our competitive advantage there is that the payment app is in the point-of-sale system, it's fully omnichannel. We have the dedicated support and the dedicated integration, making it all work seamlessly for the customer. We don't have a lot of partners asking us to just toss out their many apps and make them available and expose them to customers. They prefer the integration. So we'll take that same deep integration approach whether we own the vertical or partner the vertical. Having said all that, the answer to your question fundamentally, as Jeff said, is yes, we're doing just that.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate the detail. And as a quick follow-up, when you look at expanding your ecom business globally, how do you think about acquisitions like  recent acquisition of Weebly by Square?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, I lost you at the end there, Andrew, but I think you're asking about expanding ecommerce globally and acquisitions and the like. So as you know, our model is to grow organically as well as through inorganic growth. We're very pleased with the acquisitions that we've done. We actually have a very full pipeline. We generally look at a number of criteria in how we do deals. First is the strategic fit, second is the cultural fit, and lastly is the financial returns that we can generate to our shareholders from doing transactional work. We look at ecommerce and omni acquisitions and partnerships all the time. And the most recent one that was done without commenting on that specifically really would not have brought any added functionality to kind of what we have. For example, we have already got web store development in our core systems and have had for some time. We're already omnichannel in many markets around the globe. I think in March, we talked about 30 countries physically and doing business in a lot more than that by way of a cross border. So, going back to where we started as a strategic matter, it really needs to advance our strategy of additional functionality we don't already have and/or additional markets that we're not already in. And that certainly strategically is very important to us. But we're out there all the time. As Cameron mentioned in his prepared remarks, our balance sheet is in a very good position. We did exactly what we said we would do around our capital structure, going back a number of years, so we're certainly on the lookout for more ways to accelerate growth.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Andrew, it's Cameron. The only thing I'll add to that comment and I think I made some of these remarks at our Investor Conference back in March is, as we think about ecom globally, we believe we have market-leading, at a minimum market-competitive capabilities from an ecom point of view with what you would view as best of breed. So, as we think about M&A, it's not through the lens of we need some enhancement to our existing capabilities because we have what we believe we need to be very competitive in the marketplace today. So, it's really a function of expanding geographies, expanding scale, and enhancing scale in that ecom business as opposed to buying capability, buying functionality that for some reason we don't have today.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Awesome. Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dave Koning with Baird. Your line is open.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, hey, guys. Thanks. Good job.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, my first question, it was pretty impressive, the incremental margin in North America was the strongest in quite some time. And you touched on the mix shift towards a higher value. I'm wondering, is there any way to kind of think about like you have that benefit and how much left are you still getting from the Heartland synergies? It feels like we're probably past the heaviest part of that, so it's actually like core, very strong, like high incremental margin stuff driving that right now. Maybe just talk a little bit about the mix of those two drivers.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, so, Dave, it's a good question and thanks for asking it. There are really three drivers as I think about it impacting margins in North America in the first quarter. The first is what you just described. The mix shift benefits we see in the business by virtue of the growth we're getting in our integrated and vertical markets channels, how that's driving obviously top line, but at a higher margin than our traditional sort of merchant acquiring businesses themselves. That mix shift is clearly benefiting margins. That's a big part of what drives, as I think about it, the organic margin expansion that we guide to as a cycle matter, the up to 75 basis points annually. As we talked about before, if North America is not growing at or above that level, the total company is not going to get there. So, clearly that's an important driver. The second is there are incremental synergies obviously as we continued to execute in 2017 against our synergy plans. As we get into 2018, we're getting the full annual benefit of that. So, there was a little bit of tailwind to margins clearly in the first quarter in North America as it relates to synergy execution and the annualization of synergies realized in 2017. And then lastly, there is a little bit of benefit associated with ASC 606. I talked about this in the February call. That is offset by investments that we're making back into the business as we talked about really as a function of tax reform and the benefits we're seeing from tax reform. Obviously, the tax reform benefit is below the line. The investments we're making are above the line. So, that's offsetting some of the ASC 606 benefit. But those investments, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, are obviously towards continuing to invest in our technology environment, continuing to invest in our people, our communities, our facilities, et cetera. So, those are offsetting some of the 606 benefits in the quarter as well. So, if you roll all that together, obviously, we're very pleased with the overall margin expansion for North America, 190 basis points. Obviously, positions us well relative to our overall objectives for margin expansion for the full year and obviously part of what gives us the confidence to raise that guidance on our call today from the up to 110 that we previously guided to, to up to 120 for the total company.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Dave, it's Jeff. I would just add to what Cameron said that at the end of the day as we said in March, the further we get into technology enablement in software, those are inherently higher-margin businesses. So, yes, the growth is better. That's obviously going to drive the mix on the revenue side that you're alluding to, but those are inherently more scalable, better operating margin type businesses and you should continue to see those benefits the way Cameron outlined.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you. And just one quick follow-up just on UK, how is the UK market looking? And is that something  do you start hitting easier comps or growth gets better later this year as that market maybe just gets a little easier?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Dave. It's Cameron. I'll maybe jump in there and I'll ask Jeff to comment as well. I don't know that I would agree with the thesis that there is easier comps as we get further into the year. I actually think it's the converse of that. You saw GDP in the UK was zero for the first quarter. Obviously, that's not a great macro backdrop for the business. Our business performed very well in the quarter, notwithstanding the overall GDP environment. But we've been saying now for a couple years, obviously, we're cautious around the impacts of Brexit. I don't know if Q1 sort of reflects some of the concerns that I think we've had as it relates to what will happen as the UK works to extract itself from the EU further and it becomes more of a reality. But certainly, I think the macro backdrop in the UK we continue to be very cautious about as we go into the back half of the year. Very pleased with our ability to grow through that as we did in the back part of 2017 and now again in Q1 of 2018. And I would note in a particularly tough comp given that we saw Visa and MasterCard rate increases going last year, so we grew over those as well as we got into Q1 of 2018. But I think as we look at the back part of the year, we remain cautious around sort of the macro environment in the UK. I think we're confident in our ability to continue to gain share and grow that business at our high single-digit target as we have. But again, I would note that again the overall GDP environment remains a little bit of a concern.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: I think Cameron hit the nail on the head there, Dave. The share gains continue in  across our markets, but in particular for the point of your question, the United Kingdom, certainly to deliver the results we just delivered, as Cameron described, across Europe in the United Kingdom against the backdrop of GDP being flat would do nothing other than to suggest that we continue to take share which I believe to be the case. That's part of the positioning of our business in the United Kingdom. The small to mid-sized business coupled with technology, particularly ecom and omni which is where a lot of it is, as well as integrated and vertical markets. That strategy around the rest of world is really bearing fruit, notwithstanding what Cameron said correctly about the macro environment in the United Kingdom. So, I think the story there, Dave, is ongoing share gains and you probably have seen that, Cameron, for the last six or eight quarters...
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: ...in the United Kingdom. That's really more the story there, Dave, than anything else.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. The only other point I would add to that is as you look at Europe holistically, the diversity of markets that we have in Europe is a nice distinctive attribute of our business. We have exposure to faster growth markets. Obviously, our business in Spain continues to grow very, very nicely. We're very pleased with our results in Central Europe through our partnership with Erste Bank in the Czech Republic, Romania and Slovakia. Those businesses are growing very nicely. So, notwithstanding the UK, obviously the GDP environment is what it is. I think we feel good about the rest of Europe, and the mix of businesses and diversity of businesses we have in that market gives us confidence around our overall European outlook for the balance of the year.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys. Good job.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is open.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Ashwin, are you on mute? Operator, maybe we should move.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Can you hear me?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Oh, Ashwin, are you there?
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah, can you hear me?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, we can now.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Oh, sorry about that. I was just saying good results and congratulations.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thank you.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thank you.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Let me start with a clarification on North America growth since that's always a topic of interest. But normalized double digit, that strips out ISOs which you said shrinking upper single and just to check about, what, $45 million, $50 million of ACTIVE and $17 million accounting, is that the right way to think of it?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Ashwin, I think you're on the right point. So, the ASC 606 impact in Q1 was about $17 million, roughly the same as what it was last year. If you think about ACTIVE, ACTIVE contributed about $47 million in the quarter; so in that range that we had provided kind of the mid to high $40 million level. So, again, growing normalized organic growth for ACTIVE being in that low double-digit range year-over-year. So, our direct businesses grew kind of low-double digit organically on a normalized basis year-over-year. Wholesale was down, as I mentioned before, high-single digit, again in line with the expectations we had and provided back in February for that business for 2018. Canada grew as we expected it to in local currency and we had a little bit of Canadian dollar tailwind that drove Canadian performance on a USD basis in the mid to high single-digit range. You roll that all together, and obviously North America had a good quarter overall. Normalized organic growth in total for North America, we have at that 9% range for Q1 of 2018, obviously with a worse sort of wholesale result relative to what we saw in Q4 2017. So, we accelerated off of Q4 2017, notwithstanding wholesale being more of a drag than it was in the last quarter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And Aspira, that's another Vista portfolio company that you picked up, as you said, looked quickly, reservations management for campgrounds, seems like a fairly attractive niche market. Can you comment on sort of the process that you're going through as you kind of sign up more and more of these? And also, perhaps, on the performance to date of what you've picked up from Vista in terms of acceptance ramps and so on and so forth.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: So, Ashwin, this is David. I think we're really happy with the Vista relationship. It's been everything we hoped it would be. We're happy with the ACTIVE asset, as Cameron said earlier in his prepared remarks. ACTIVE is off to a very good start, doing just fine as we go through March and beyond that. More deeply with Vista, as we've said before, I mean there's nothing better for a salesperson than a warm lead and a warm relationship on which to work. So, what you've seen with Cameron, with the guys in the business as well are ongoing negotiations unit by unit to find the right partnership opportunity, in this case with Aspira it's payments to help them with the campgrounds and some other cases with DealerSocket with Gather. It's our classic integrated payments where we're going to integrate with the software themselves that runs those  the car dealers in the DealerSocket example, you recall, from two weeks ago. So, we've got a very integrated sales process and kind of deal process with Vista where we're leading it one by one, deal by deal. Then we integrate, then we drive volume. I think what's pretty exciting about where we are now is they're not contributing volume right now. These are all setups for future growth and enhancing future growth and some level locking in future growth for either our integrated payments business or our pure payments businesses, depending on what's the right solution for the software technology that Vista portfolio company has. So, as I said before and in previous calls  and we like nothing better than having a warm lead and a great intro, begin to figure out the right solution, the right technology solution for a partner, and that's going frankly just great for us.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. That's great to hear. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Condra. Your line is now open.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Oh, hey, guys. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I just wanted to return to a little bit of the integrated POS and some of the discussion there. And I feel like there's maybe some data assets there that become available to you. And I wonder if you could talk about that opportunity a little bit.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, sure, happy to. So, this is David, Paul. I think you're absolutely right. The deeper you go into the technology stack, the more data is available to you. So, what you actually will find over the course of 2018, we're rolling out deep analytics products that already exist in the United States, wherein, for example, and if you go back a few months ago, you'll find an announcement about our Xenial analytics products that go deeply into restaurant daily sales, daypart sales, customer integration rewards programs, mobile wallet, all the things that come together to drive customer engagement, all based on the data we and the customer collectively capture at the point of sale and beyond. That same set of solutions is rolling out to Canada and the UK over the course of 2018. And with each of these  the beauty of, I guess, our vertically tailored strategy is with each of these verticals, we have the same opportunity. We sell information and analytic products in our K through 12 business, in our higher ed business. Each software business is the opportunity for payments, for integration, for advice, for consulting, for analytics, and then, fundamentally, for the software that helps our customers run their business. So you're on exactly the right point. Our strategy, as you'll recall from the Analyst Day, accelerate sales, enrich our solutions, and put analytics on top of those enriched solutions. You've captured it exactly right in your question.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I guess in addition to analytics, I mean, you have big vertical penetration and you've got SKU-level data. And I'm curious if there's other opportunities kind of maybe more on the marketing side, like from an aggregated data perspective.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's a great point, so I'd go back to what I said about customer engagement. We have the ability to go to our customers and say, let's pull your data, let's pull our data. And if you have third-party sources, we can patch  package that into one marketing module that we sell that drives campaign management, targeting and then measures the results of that campaign. So when I talk about engagement, you and I are on exactly the right theme, Paul, which is the same theme, which is how do we help our customers grow the overall pie. We've got a great restaurant sitting over in this location, a great retailer over here. How do we help them compete with larger competitors, target folks, drive offers, drive traffic, drive a very visible return on the investment of the marketing service we offer? All that comes from that vertical specialization married to what could be this treasure trove of data we're sitting on. When Jeff and I were describing open APIs and architecture earlier in an answer to Andrew's question, that whole strategy enables our ability to go-to-market and offer marketing and analytic solutions to the same customers who are actually just doing payments fundamentally with Global Payments.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks. And I guess just lastly, Cameron, any lumpiness on 606 impact this year that we should be aware of, just in terms from a modeling perspective?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: No. It's going to be relatively consistent at around that $17 million-ish, $17.5 million a quarter, Paul. It should be right in that range.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Nice results.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to go back to North America a little bit. I mean it was nice to see the  it looks like an acceleration in growth, the organic a 9%, despite wholesale, I think, getting somewhat worse.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Correct.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: So could you maybe just talk a little bit more about what accelerated, what exceeded your expectations? Maybe talk about across the channels, I'm thinking OpenEdge direct specifically, probably both accelerated, but just some color on what you saw there.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, I think if you compare it sequentially relative to Q4, Glenn, I think you're on the right point. So our integrated and vertical markets business accelerated relative to what we did in Q4 of 2017. Our direct relationship led, our Heartland sales channel accelerated relative to what we did in Q4 of 2017. Those are really the drivers of the acceleration relative to what we saw obviously last quarter. Canada was pretty consistent, again low single-digit growth in local currency with a little bit of Canadian dollar tailwind. That added less than 50 basis points to North America in totality. And obviously as you highlighted in your opening comments, ISO was a little bit worse, down high-single digit as we expected it to be in the first quarter, so trending in line with the overall expectation we provided back in February for that business for the full year. So again, pleased with the overall acceleration. The way I look at it honestly, Glenn, is if you strip out wholesale, we grew North America 10%. That's very much in line obviously with the cycle guidance we provided in March and the outlook for the business going forward, which, we think ex-wholesale, obviously we can grow North America in that high-single digit to low-double digit range. So very much in that range, we're very pleased with that result and, obviously, we're driving the business to produce that type of performance as we go forward in time.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: All right. And maybe for Jeff, maybe just a little bit of an update on the M&A activity. I guess it's been a while actually since the ACTIVE deal. You talked about it a lot at the Analyst Day. I guess I'm surprised we haven't seen something. And is it just valuations out in the market? Or it just takes some time to get some deals over the goal line?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, I would say our pipeline's pretty full, Glenn. And we announced  we closed on ACTIVE in September. We did announce the JV with HSBC in Mexico, a new market for us, in February. So our folks are hard at work. I wouldn't say it's so much valuations. If you go back to what I said, I think it was in response to Andrew's question, we look at strategic fit, cultural fit, and financial returns. Valuations kind of are what they are. So certainly, it's something to consider. I would say it's more like we look at deals all the time and probably, as David and I said six or seven years ago, we may look at 100 deals and do 3. So at the end of the day, I think our standards are pretty high. We know where the market is in terms of valuation, so to a certain extent that kind of is what it is. We're a strategic buyer, not a financial buyer, so we're really relying on what we can do pro forma rather than where the capital markets will kind of bear. So certainly, it's one of the three constraints, but I don't view that as by itself kind of the limiting factor. Instead, what I view it as is what is the strategic fit, what's the cultural fit, and to be honest, what's the diligence telling us. So we look at deals all the time; that pipeline remains full. Certainly, we view $1.2 billion in ACTIVE in September and then the JV with HSBC in Mexico in February as being healthy in terms of our portfolio execution. More to come as we've talked about. So we're optimistic about M&A, but obviously time will tell.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: All right. Thank you very much.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Would love to hear a little bit more about the ecom business, how it performed. Some of the metrics we heard throughout the quarter was 20-plus-percent growth rate. And then I know we talked about it at the Analyst Day, but could you remind us on ecom, how it's doing in the U.S. as you cross-sell that product through there? Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, hey, Bryan, it's Jeff. And I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to comment on some of the financial metrics that you alluded to. So listen, as we said in our prepared remarks, we're very pleased with where our ecom and omni solutions business is. Just as a reminder going back to what we said in the Investor Conference, as the rest of our business we're primarily focused on, first, SMB enablement, really in a given domestic market and really playing toward omnichannel, both the online experience as well as the offline experience. And there we think we're one of only two or three people in the world who really can do that in the markets we're in. That's kind of point number one. Point number two, I would say, is we're very focused on cross-border enablement. Here, it's SMB, but also beyond SMB in markets where we can provide a lot of value add where there aren't a lot of other people. I think the example I used in the Investor Day was for a very large multinational in the country of Taiwan. We're doing both the online store as well as the physical store. I think as I mentioned in the Investor Day for that RFP, there were two people bidding, right, us and a local national bank. That's a very good example of where we kind of pick our places in terms of where we can add value. So, that strategy continues as we roll through the first quarter of 2018 into the rest of the calendar year and into 2020, we expect as we described in the Investor Day. So, it really is a very, I think, sensible, defensible and distinctive strategy relative to our peers who in many markets are largely competing over a commoditized pricing which is really as you know not kind of what we like to do in our model. Cameron, you want to comment on some of the metrics?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Bryan, I think as we look at the ecom and omnichannel business in the first quarter, the trends we saw were very consistent with what we've seen over the last couple years in our markets around the globe. Each individual market and each region is going to have its own growth rate around that line of business. But by and large, obviously, it's well into the double digits in each of our markets globally and I think pretty consistent with what we saw in 2017 along those lines. So, feel good about where we're positioned globally with the strategy, as Jeff highlighted, and I think the financial performance, obviously, is part of what's driving an acceleration of growth in the business certainly relative to what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, just getting ecom into the West market, how are those plans going?
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, so, Bryan, it's David. Ecom is in the U.S. market. The solution that we sell in the U.S. market is a best-of-breed series of technologies that combine the best of Global Payments and Heartland into what we just call U.S. ecom solutions at this point without any sort of specific brand name. A core part of the numbers Cameron is describing where we're outpacing market growth, whether it's U.S. or Spain or UK is these ecom solutions, are these ecom solutions, whatever the right phrasing is. So, core part of the growth in the United States which is well into the double digits as it has been for several quarters in the U.S. is continued ecom sales. Our ability to sell ecom continues to get better and better in and amongst that large 1,600-person person sales force. We're selling, of course, omnichannel solutions across all the vertical markets as well, so don't miss the idea that an OpenEdge sale is an omnichannel, but includes some ecom as does our TouchNet sales in the university software business. But fundamentally, the same trends Cameron described where we're beating market around the world apply to the U.S. as well. We're beating market with a combination of face-to-face in app and ecom sales that is omnichannel itself.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, helpful. Thanks for the color, guys.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Bryan.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Bob Napoli with William Blair. Your line is open.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good morning. The industry, Jeff, has obviously been changing pretty radically with software companies being payments companies and integrated payments. And I mean, are you seeing  how are you seeing the competitive environment adjust? Whether it's a spa that becomes a payments company, a big spa software shop or the website building companies doing payments, how is that affecting your outlook globally? And I mean, I know you've been on that track for a while, but it's getting a lot more vertical and I think you're competing against a lot of new players that may have not been in the payments business in the past.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, it's a good question, Bob. What I would say is that our business has always been intensely competitive. And as you've seen from our results recently, including today as well as our guidance, our results are accelerating. So, I would say certainly we feel like we're taking share relative to where the market is generally, we wouldn't be able to do that if we had to make those investments in the technology-related assets that we've been describing. So, to parse what you said in a few different ways, so on the comment about a spa or a software provider or someone like that, so when we bought APT in October of 2012, we worried a lot about the advent of the VAR ISO, meaning an ISV or a VAR becoming more of a payments facilitator, if you will, at the gateway level and where that put us relative to the value chain. To be honest, we haven't seen that. What I would say is that most companies go deeper into their vertical markets as you're describing. They stick kind of with their knitting, at what they're best at. And even among the largest VARs and ISVs, we really have not seen a trend toward, okay, now I want to be a more proper payments company. That's where I think our value add really is. We're also very careful in not competing with our customer base. So, when we go deeper into software, we tend to differentiate that based on geography and vertical market in our OpenEdge model in terms of where we're competing. So, I think what I would say, Bob, is factually while we worry a lot about disintermediation and commoditization, we haven't really seen the advent of the VAR ISO that we've been describing. Now, I'd say if you step back for a second, nonetheless it's something we think about, hence are pushing to owning more of the vertical stack in software in the first place where it doesn't compete or conflict with our partners as you know and as we articulated back in March. I think we're nicely balanced there in terms of where our investments have gone, but as a matter of fact, we certainly haven't seen it. If you step back further and you say, well, what about an Amazon, for example, and some of the stuff they've announced, including yesterday and more recently, what I would tell you is I think that validates our push deeper into software and deeper into owning more of the vertical markets and the value stack. I think as much as anything, we're very focused, particularly in the United States which is really three-quarters of the company and markets that are primarily face-to-face like dental and veterinary where those are very hard to disintermediate or commoditize. I'd also say, at the end of the day, I think as much as anything, that's a reaction to the Secure Remote Commerce that Visa and MasterCard announced at the ETA a couple weeks ago, more so than anything else. I say that because it shows you where the playing field sits relative to our value proposition. So, yes, the industry is changing. I think to be honest, I hope  I like to believe that we're leading that changing industry. But I think it's a validation of the investments that we've made and where we're heading and I think contrary to maybe where we were as a company 10 years ago, we're very balanced really and sober in our view of distribution strategies.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: And, Bob, this is Dave. Maybe a little more color. I'll point you back to the Investor Day, as well as we've done a few times here. I think that if you think about our sales strategy, you're exactly right. This is becoming a more complex technology sale. That's why we've customized sales and distribution strategies for each market, so we can tailor solutions and the sales effect vertically, locally as well as globally and then marry it to excellent customer service. I think if you look at some of the tech competitors around the world, that's the missing element here and there's almost always a face-to-face element as well as an omnichannel and ecom element that requires service. Something is going to go wrong, whether it's a phone line or something else and it sure does stink when you have no one to ask for help at that moment. So, vertically, locally, globally, marrying great service to great technology, we think we're very well positioned, just as Jeff described.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. And just as it relates to that, the ACTIVE acquisition kind of as a test case, have you moved  has it  are you getting the synergies integrating that software with the Global Payments' payments network? And have you  I mean, is Global Payments processing their payments at this point? And I mean talk about synergies, I mean I expect we're going to see more acquisitions like that.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, sure, happy to talk. We're right on track with the synergies. Did a lot of things in December/January to set the business up for success in 2018. We're not as of yet processing payments. That will take a little bit longer. Recall that's not an enormous synergy in our plan. So, I think Cameron talked about that two quarters ago. I can tell you something that's pretty exciting for us though. We'll be doing customer service for that business in our Philippines Global Service Center next month. So, you can see we're making really nice progress with the infrastructure. On the sales side, where we think we have really long-term benefit, we're beta-testing two or three different referral techniques in and around our school solutions, K through 12 business, as well as our broader U.S. sales force as we speak. So, a lot more to come on that front. Great question.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: And, Bob, it's Cameron. Let me just maybe add one more comment to that. When we talked about ACTIVE in the context of synergies we expected to realize, there was more on the revenue side really than it was on the expense side of the equation. As David highlighted, there are things we can do on the expense side to improve the overall scale of that business, we think, by leveraging Global Payments' capabilities in the area of payments as well as other support functions. But as David described, where we really see the value in the synergy opportunity is really on the revenue side of the business, being able to scale that business more effectively, globally cross-sell it through our existing channels. And one last area of synergy opportunity we saw was really leveraging some of ACTIVE's offshore development capabilities to benefit our existing businesses and we're doing that today to some degree as well. So, I think we're very much on track realizing the synergies that we expected to see coming out of that transaction.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, guys. Good results. I had a question around maybe the long-term potential M&A strategy coming out of Vista. So, the question that I have is as you sign up these partnerships, as you've done recently, like you said three in as many quarters, is there a strategy potentially where you'll act as processor for them for some time, but then over the course of 9, 12 months or whatever it may be, you want to actively own the software and therefore you'd be willing to buy that in? Or is that just not part of the long-term M&A strategy for you guys?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Dan, it's Cameron. What I would say on that front is it's certainly always an option. As we think about the portfolio Vista company that they have today and the ones that we're engaged with already, as David described, and the ones obviously that we have in the pipeline in conversations, it's certainly an option longer term. I think our view, and this is really irrespective of the relationship with Vista, is we tend to look at the market on a vertical-by-vertical basis and we make decisions around whether or not we want to own or partner in the vertical really based on the attributes of that underlying vertical market. So, there may be situations where we start with a partnership with a Vista portfolio company that may lead to an acquisition because the attributes of the vertical market itself we find attractive and we think we can better penetrate that market, drive faster rates of growth, scale the business more effectively by owning the underlying software as well as providing the payment capability. But that's not again unique to the relationship with Vista. That's really how we think about the vertical market landscape itself and how we want to position ourselves around the vertical market.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Dan, it's Jeff. I would just add to what Cameron said that while those two strategies aren't necessarily linked, the truth is the better you know something, the more you have an opinion of what you'd like to do as a strategy matter. So, everything that Cameron said is exactly right. It starts out with the target addressable market, et cetera, the verticals we want to be in. But there's no doubt that knowledge of how a partner works, the operating engagement, seeing it over a period of time, that's just another data point that you take in and everything else when you assess the quality of a counterparty. So, it's kind of a necessary thing, but really not sufficient by itself.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, it just seems to be a lower risk capital, I guess, equation.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Well, as I say, more information in these decisions is always a better thing. So, I agree with your thesis there. But I wouldn't look into, gee, we have three relationships in the last three quarters and that means those are three deals that we're doing. Vista's going to do what's best for Vista and their companies, and their companies will too and so will we.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Understood. Can you guys just talk about Asia's demand and where all that's coming from? You've hit the other kind of geos up to this point, but if you could do that, that kind of pinwheel, that'd be great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Dan. It's Jeff. So, I would say Cameron will keep me honest here in terms of the number of quarters, but it's probably been eight  maybe six or eight quarters of sustained macroeconomic growth around pretty much all of Asia. For the last number of quarters, the Philippines has probably posted one of the best, if not the best GDP rates of growth throughout our Asian markets. Cameron, I think in his prepared remarks, highlighted some of the markets where we're particularly pleased, including in the Philippines with our partnership with Bank of the Philippine Islands. So what I would say in Asia is we're very pleased with the acceleration of the growth in the first quarter of 2018 versus the fourth quarter of 2017, but we're also pleased with our ability to grow our businesses in a very healthy manner as we did in Australia, even though GDP there is pretty muted and has been sometime. I think Australia has the notoriety of having gone  again, Cameron will keep me honest  more than a decade without GDP contracting in that market, yet our business continues to grow now for a number of years there right around 20% organically in terms of revenue. So we continue to see a very benign macro environment around most of the parts of Asia that we care about. We haven't spent a lot of time on this because it's not a big piece of our company financially. But as a strategic matter, Mainland China, and we view China again as a sum of the parts of Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau. We've actually seen pretty good stability improvement in China proper over the last number of quarters. So feels pretty good where we are in Asia, but I would say it's probably continuation of a trend that we've seen probably for the last eight quarters.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brett Huff with Stephens. Your line is open.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff, Cameron and David. I hope you're well. Couple questions from me. Can you talk a little bit more about margins or unpack those in North America? You mentioned them before, but I'm curious what the puts and takes might have been from any drag from ACTIVE and what the drag from wholesale declining more is. My point is, is there a way to get visibility into more of the underlying core kind of tech-enabled and direct margins that might be useful for us to think about?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: So I think we've given a decent amount of granularity as to what we view as the drivers of margin expansion in North America, certainly for the first quarter as well as what we foresee being drivers of margin expansion going forward in the totality of our business, including what is happening in North America. I think we gave a lot of color on that at the Investor Conference back in March. As we think about ACTIVE, ACTIVE does contribute to margin expansion in 2018. ACTIVE is a little more seasonal than some of our other businesses, so Q1, Q4, it's sort of weaker, for lack of better term, quarters from a revenue seasonality standpoint. Q2 and Q3 are better. So, Q2, Q3 is where we would see in the margin expansion pulling through from ACTIVE perhaps more and to a lesser degree in Q1 and Q4. So just bear that in mind as you're thinking about the relative components. Obviously, the wholesale business is a lower-margin business, so the quicker it declines, the more that is a benefit from a mix standpoint and the more obviously we're going to be positioned to continue to drive margin expansion in the business organically. And as Jeff highlighted earlier, the tech businesses are inherently higher-margin businesses. So the more software we're selling through those channels, the more we're linking obviously payment capabilities with deep integrated software capabilities, the more value-added proposition we have for our customers. Obviously, the pricing associated with that is better and the margins associated with that are better. So beyond that I would say those are really the core drivers and, as I mentioned in response to I think Ashwin's question earlier, there's obviously some synergy benefit flowing through in 2018 as well, as we annualize a lot of the actions we took in 2017. There's a little bit of incremental synergy around actions we're taking in 2018, but the vast majority of the work around Heartland is done at this point. And really, what you're seeing in 2018 is just the annualization of actions taken in 2017. So I think that's about as granular as we can really get at this stage, but hopefully that gives you a decent road map as to what the drivers are.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: That's really helpful. And then cross-border is a question I had, both the networks had really good cross-border volume. Wondering if you guys saw that in your business. And also related, any action on India as you guys think about international or maybe additional cross-border asset expansion? Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, hey, Brett. It's Jeff. I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to provide additional color. But I would say our cross-border activity is very good. If you think about Europe, which Cameron talked about in his prepared remarks, yet another high single-digit constant currency kind of organic number in Europe. Obviously, we're diverse across Europe as we've talked about, not just in the United Kingdom, but in Spain, in Continental Europe, et cetera. Not surprisingly, because of SEPA, because of the coming of PSD2 and everything else, that's where a lot of our cross-border activity resides. I don't think it's that different from the network space, my reading of their KPIs to be candid, really either. There's a little bit of that for us in Asia-Pacific. Cameron described how that growth accelerated to 15% organic constant currency in  well, actually U.S. dollar in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. So clearly, many of the trends I think you're seeing in the card networks, you're seeing in our European results and you're seeing in our Asian results flow through.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: And you had a question about India that I didn't quite pick up. So do you mind repeating that?
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah, just curious, there's a lot going on in India in payments. And I know as you guys  Jeff, you mentioned that one way you guys think about ecommerce assets is via cross-border acquisitions like you've done in the past, and wonder if India is a potential source for one of those.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, listen, Brett, absolutely. Of course, our business in Asia really has been a tale of organic growth supplemented by technology enablement as we've done. We are in India today. We think we're subscale in India, meaning we'd like to be bigger really in India, so we've looked at a bunch of assets in India over time. I would say our strategy is a little bit different than Alipay and Paytm, because we're not driven by consumer wallet points of adoption, so you're not likely to see us as an M&A strategy or otherwise go after kind of the wallet the way someone like an Alipay would. But you are very likely to see us go after additional technologies that enable acceptance like QR codes and things that we've talked about in Asia, including in India in the past. You're also likely to see us go deeper into nativization of our technologies in India. So a good example of that is RuPay, which is the Indian payment scheme domestically in India which we enable. And it doesn't reside just in India, we have similar schemes like that around the world. So yes, India is a market, along with Mainland China that we'd like to be bigger in. We recognize that that's probably going to take a mix of organic and inorganic things, a little bit different than what you might see from Ali, but it remains high on our list of priorities.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Thank you. Good balanced results here. Just wanted to ask about spreads and if you're seeing that benefit from a favorable mix in channels, and I'm just wondering if the macro conditions are also making it easier to drive better spreads.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, sure, Tien-Tsin. It's Jeff. So, I would say spreads as they have been for probably a period of years now are very stable. I think as David and Cameron described, for us it's really monetizing the technology investments we've made, selling more software along with payments as well as data analytics. So, I view that less as a spread question for us, Tien-Tsin, and more of a cross-sell and value-added products and services. And as I think David described in March, wrapping more value around that transaction rather than changing the price of the transaction itself. So, I would say more of the same. It's a continuation of stability on the pricing environment which is nice to see, but as you know, our strategy is to really add more value added around each transaction rather than really just change price.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. And, Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron. As I look at spreads in the individual channels of the business, obviously our overall spread is improving by virtue of the mix of businesses that we're growing, as we talked about before. So, the more we grow the integrated and vertical markets businesses, obviously the mix is improving, the spreads are better in that business. So, our overall spread is improving. As you look at the overall market, in general, to Jeff's earlier comments, I think spreads are pretty stable. And they're stable also in sort of each of the individual channels that we would look at as a business matter. So, I think the overall market is relatively benign, I would say, around spread compression and, obviously, our mix of businesses and the attributes of those businesses allowing us to obviously reap more value as we continue to provide more value-added services to customers.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Great. That's clear and encouraging. Thanks for that. Just a quick follow-up on the cross-border piece, I asked MasterCard this last night, so yesterday, so I'll ask you guys, too. The proposed changes to the euro cross-border and the DCC, the dynamic currency conversion, any potential impact for Global Payments? Any new thinking there?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron. Certainly on the cross-border piece itself, we don't really see an impact. That's really non-card sort of cross-border activity from a money flow standpoint. Around the DCC, I would say relatively the same thing. We don't see much impact on our business going forward. The DCC aspects of those new regulations are really designed to drive more transparency at the point of sale, so consumers have a better understanding of the cost of DCC versus the cost of their issuing bank converting that euro-based payment into whatever their local currency would be. We obviously already provide great transparency at the point of sale. To be clear, those actions or that product is governed by the networks already, and there's already a great deal of regulation around the level of transparency that has to be provided from a DCC product standpoint. So, the impact is really more on the issuers to be able to provide that same level of transparency to the consumer at the point of sale, so they can make an important decision about which path to pursue from a currency standpoint. And I think we feel very good about how we stack up and how our DCC product stacks up relative to the alternative consumers have. As a result, I don't think we see really much impact on our business going forward at all.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Good to know. Nice quarter, guys. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for joining us this morning, and thanks for your interest in our company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Isabel Janci - VP, IR Jeff Sloan - CEO David Mangum - President and COO Cameron Bready - Sr. EVP and CFO
Analysts: George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. David Togut - Evercore ISI Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Securities Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Dave Koning - Baird Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments 2017 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions and answers. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Isabel Janci. Please go ahead.
Isabel Janci: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-KT and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made on this call refer to non-GAAP measures such as adjusted net revenue, adjusted net revenue plus network fees and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Isabel, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and our exceptional results for the year. 2017 was one of our best years ever as a company by nearly any measure. We sustained strong business momentum in the fourth quarter, delivering double-digit normalized organic revenue growth, 170 basis points of margin expansion, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 23%. Each of these results exceeded our expectations as well as the cycle guidance we set forth at our last Investor Day in October 2015. These results were again fueled by continued share gains across our technology-enabled businesses. Our integrated and vertical markets and e-com and omni-solutions businesses maintained their track record of double-digit revenue growth, highlighting consistent, solid execution. We also secured significant wins and achieved substantial milestones across these businesses in the quarter. We are delighted to announce that we have reached an agreement with Gather, a leading hospitality event management SaaS business, owned by Vista Equity Partners to be its new payments technology partner. This is the second Vista portfolio company to select Global Payments as its partner in as many quarters. And were also very pleased to report that our e-com and omni-solutions business grew well into the double digits for the holiday season. For calendar 2017, we delivered the fastest rates of organic revenue growth, margin expansion, and adjusted earnings per share growth in our history. These outstanding results demonstrate the underlying power of our differentiated business model, which we have continued to evolve further into software-driven, vertically fluent solutions globally. With the investments we have made to expand our capabilities in these areas over the past several years, we expect our technology-enabled channels to represent an increasingly larger proportion of our business going forward. We are delighted to announce today an agreement with our longstanding partner, HSBC, to establish a new joint venture in Mexico. This joint venture will provide payment technology services to the fast-growing Mexican market where HSBC has a leading presence and significant merchant base. As we have successfully done with our other partnerships around the world, we intend to leverage our best-in-class technology, products and sales capabilities to drive accelerated growth. This transaction demonstrates our ongoing commitment to expanding our direct distribution into new, faster growth payments markets globally with attractive fundamentals, further distinguishing us from our peers. We also continue to make substantial strategic investments in our ongoing businesses to provide for future growth and invest in our people, while also giving back to our communities. Our capital investment plans reflect increased investment in our next generation worldwide omni-channel platform; the rollout of our U.S. direct sales model to Canada, the United Kingdom and selected markets in Asia Pacific; further investment in cloud-based delivery models for our core products; and the accelerated rollout of software products like Xenial, outside the United States. We also recognize how fortunate we are to be in the position we are in. To that end, as a result of the newly enacted tax reforms here in the United States, we plan to make incremental investments in our people, our technologies, and our communities this year. For example, we plan to accelerate our investments in extending our U.S. direct sales model around the world. We also intend to invest in new career development programs and additional diversity and inclusion efforts for our people worldwide. And we plan to make incremental investments in artificial intelligence and data analytics, building on ACTIVE Networks successes in these areas. Finally, we intended double our charitable contributions to our local communities based on feedback from our employees to benefit those most in need. In the aggregate, these significant initiatives represent a low eight-figure amount of potential investment globally. We look forward to seeing everyone in two weeks at our next investor conference here in Atlanta. We are very excited to share our vision for the Company over the next three years, building on the substantial progress since our last event in 2015. In particular, we will discuss why believe our model of technology enablement is unique within our industry, demonstrated by the sustained rate of revenue and earnings growth we have delivered since 2015 and expect to continue to produce in the future. Before I turn it over to Cameron, I want to reiterate how delighted I am with the performance of our team worldwide that led us to delivering the best results on record in 2017. And we did this while making the necessary strategic investments in the business that will not only position us well in 2018, but will also allow us to accelerate growth for years to come. Cameron?
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. 2017 was a fantastic year for Global Payments with a number of significant accomplishments to highlight. First, we largely completed integrating Heartland, exceeded our original expense savings expectations, and built a solid foundation for future revenue synergies. We also again successfully refinanced our credit facilities to optimize our capital structure and reduce expense while executing on the deleveraging plan we committed to in connection with the Heartland transaction. And we continue to meaningfully invest in expanding our software-driven, vertically fluent solutions globally, including the acquisition of the communities and sports divisions of ACTIVE Network, in the third quarter. Importantly, we accomplished all of this while producing exceptionally strong financial performance throughout the year. Total Company net revenue for 2017 was $3.52 billion, reflecting growth of 24% versus 2016. Normalized organic net revenue growth for the full year was low double digits, a significant achievement for our business. Operating margin in 2017 expanded 120 basis points to 29.9% and adjusted earnings per share increased 26% to $4.01 per share. For the fourth quarter, total Company net revenue was $939 million, a 15% increase over the fourth quarter of 2016. Operating margin expanded 170 basis points to 30.3% and adjusted earnings per share grew 23% to $1.07. North American net revenue was $688 million, reflecting growth of 14%. In the U.S., our direct distribution business delivered 9% normalized organic growth, led by our integrated and vertical markets business while our wholesale business saw a mid single digit decline. Canada performed in line with expectations in local currency with slightly favorable Canadian foreign currency trends adding modestly to results. Operating margin in North America expanded 90 basis points to 30%. Margin expansion was driven by strong net revenue performance across our U.S. direct channels, in particular our higher margin, technology-enabled businesses, and the realization of expense synergies from Heartland. As expected, ACTIVE Network, slightly diminished margin expansion in North America in the fourth quarter due to the seasonality of the business. We again saw strong performance in Europe with adjusted net revenues growing 17% in the fourth quarter, benefited by several hundred basis points of foreign currency tailwind. Spain again grew double digits in local currency, despite some disruption in the quarter from political unrest in the Catalonia region. We also saw double-digit growth in our Erste JV as we are beginning to bring differentiated solutions to customers across our Central European markets. Our e-commerce and omni-solutions business grew well into the double digits in the quarter as we continue to penetrate the pan-European market. Operating margin in Europe expanded 190 basis points to 47.9%. Our Asia Pacific business continued its strong performance this quarter, reporting net revenue growth of 11%. We saw solid trends across our key markets in Asia, including the Philippians, Singapore, Taiwan, and China. And Ezidebit and eWAY continued to surpass our expectations, once again contributing approximately 20% organic growth in the quarter. Operating margins in Asia expanded 410 basis points to 34.1%, primarily as a result of strong net revenue performance and the benefits of increased scale across the region. Excluding integration costs, we generated free cash flow of approximately $261 million this quarter, bringing our total for the year to $777 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to non-controlling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $45 million for the quarter. In terms of the leverage, we ended 2017 with gross leverage of approximately 3.9 times, including the incremental debt added to fund the ACTIVE Network acquisition. Excluding this debt, our gross leverage would have been approximately 3.4 times at December 31, 2017, below the target we established when we announced the Heartland acquisition. In addition, as a result of tax reform legislation passed in December, which I will address more fulsomely in a moment, we repatriated in excess of $300 million of cash subsequent to year-end to further reduce debt. Consequently, as of today, our leverage is approximately 3.6 times. As Jeff discussed, today, we announced the definitive agreement to form a 50-50 joint venture with HSBC in Mexico. We are delighted to further build on our long history of partnership with HSBC, this time in Mexico, an attractive growth market with strong secular fundamentals. As a result of the structure for this venture, we will not consolidate its financial results for financial reporting purposes. We expect to finalize formation of the joint venture late in 2018, subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Before turning to our outlook for 2018, I want to provide an update on two topical items, tax reform and the adoption of ASC 606, the new revenue accounting standard. Starting with tax reform, in Q4 2017, we recorded a net tax benefit of approximately $158 million to reflect the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 passed on December 22nd. This amount included a $222 million benefit related to the revaluation of our net deferred tax liabilities, based on the new U.S. statutory tax rate of 21%. This benefit was partially offset by an incremental estimated provision of $64 million, associated with the mandatory transition tax imposed by the new tax law on our foreign earnings, not previously subjected to U.S. tax. This transition tax will be paid over the next eight years, on an interest free basis and results from the conversion of the U.S. federal system to a territorial regime. The significant net benefit associated with the implementation of the new tax law was excluded from our adjusted earnings results for the fourth quarter. In addition to these impacts in Q4, tax reform will also serve to lower our effective tax rate going forward, as a result of the decrease in the U.S. statutory tax rate. The transition to a territorial tax regime in the U.S. should also allow us to manage our global cash resources more efficiently and repatriate foreign source earnings in the future without incurring additional U.S. taxes. As a reminder, Jeff noted earlier, we do plan to reinvest a substantial portion of the benefit of lower statutory taxes in the U.S. back into the business in 2018, and our guidance for the year reflects that expectation. More to come on that in a moment. In terms of the adoption of ASC 606 in 2018, there are three noteworthy impacts to our reporting to highlight. First, under ASC 606, we are required to report GAAP revenues net of fees paid to payment networks rather than gross, with these amounts being reflected as a cost of service, as they have been historically. Secondly, for our gaming business, revenues associated with our cash advance solutions are now required to be reported net of associated commissions paid casinos. It is worth noting that neither of these changes have any impact on operating income, net income or earnings per share. Lastly, in addition to these changes in GAAP revenue presentation, under ASC 606, we expect to capitalize slightly more customer acquisition costs than we have historically, and well amortize these costs over a longer period of time, which will have a modestly favorable impact on operating income in 2018. For external reporting purposes going forward, well will naturally report GAAP results, reflecting ASC 606, as noted above. For non-GAAP reporting, we will now report an adjusted net revenue plus network fees metric which we believe better reflects how we manage our business and is largely consistent with our historical non-GAAP adjusted net revenue reporting convention, except with respect to the netting of gaming cash advance commissions. In addition, we will report adjusted operating margin, based on the adjusted net revenue plus network fees metrics, which again is largely consistent with our historical reporting convention. With that as a backdrop, I would ask you to reference to slide we have provided to bridge to our outlook for 2018.  We are delighted to provide our outlook for the year which reflects a step up in expected growth for our business. We are also providing additional transparency with respect to our North American wholesale business. We expect adjusted net revenue plus network fees to range from $3.88 billion to $3.97 billion, reflecting growth of 12% to 15% over a comparable 2017 amount of $3.45 billion. For the sake of clarity, the netting of casino commissions reduces 2017 reported amounts by approximately $68 million and impacts 2018 by an estimated $73 million. Excluding our North American wholesale business, we expect adjusted net revenue plus network fees to grow 15% to 17% over 2017 results on a comparable basis. We expect adjusted operating margin calculated based on our adjusted net revenue plus network fees metric to expand by up to 110 basis points from our 2017 adjusted operating margin of 30.4% on a comparable basis. Adjusted operating margin expansion includes a net benefit of approximately 20 basis points, resulting from the implementation of ASC 606 success, net of the impact of reinvestment of tax reform benefit as Jeff highlighted earlier. As a result of tax reform, we are forecasting our effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23% for the year, down from approximately 26.5% in 2017. Due to the timing of enactment of this new legislation and the lack of specific U.S. treasury guidance today, there remain a number of uncertainties with respect to the implementation of this new law. Our guidance reflects our best testament of the impacts on our business, but we will continue to refine this over the coming months. It is worth noting that based on our outlook for 2018 we do not currently expect any limitation to our ability to deduct interest expense from the new tax law. Our total weighted average shares outstanding for the full year is expected to be approximately 160 million. Finally, we expect adjusted earnings per share to range from $4.95 to $5.15, reflecting growth of 23% to 28% over 2017. With respect to the more detailed assumptions they underlie this outlook, we expect North America adjusted net revenue plus network fees to grow low teens in 2018. This reflects normalized growth in our U.S. direct channels of high single to low double digits, partially offset by our wholesale business, which we expect to decline from approximately $175 million in 2017 to a range of approximately $140 million to $145 million in 2018 due to certain wholesale customers converting from direct ISO relationships to indirect, and expected attrition during the year. We expect Canada to grow low single digits in local currency. We expect North America adjusted operating margin to expand for the year as we continue to grow our higher margin technology-enabled business and realize the final remaining synergies associated with Heartland. In Europe, we expect adjusted net revenue plus network fees on a local currency basis to grow high single digit. We expect favorable foreign currency tailwinds impact reported growth by a few hundred basis points. Adjusted operating margin in Europe is expected to be flat to slightly up for the year. Asia Pacific is expected to deliver adjusted net revenue plus network fees growth in the low double digits. Adjusted operating margin is expected to expand in 2018. But now that we have achieved margins in Asia approaching the mid 30% level, we are reinvesting more back into the business to sustain growth going forward. We anticipate that we will invest $210 million in capital expenditures in 2018. For purposes of modeling, our outlook for the year assumes, we will utilize the majority of our forecasted free cash flow to pay down debt, which will result in leverage of well below 3 times at the end of the year, which is lower than our targeted leverage ratio. Consequently, we expect to have meaningful capacity to continue to pursue our capital allocation priorities during 2018, including additional acquisitions and partnerships to advance our strategy and capital returns to shareholders. To that end, our Board recently increased our share repurchase authorization to $600 million from approximately $250 million, providing us a great deal of flexibility to return capital to shareholders as appropriate. That said, our outlook for 2018 does not include any future share repurchases. We cannot be more pleased with our performance for 2017 and we remain excited about the momentum we have entering 2018. As our guidance for 2018 suggests, excluding our North American wholesale business, we expect to be able to deliver faster rates of top-line organic growth going forward. In addition, as a result of the substantial progress we have made in evolving our business mix, we believe we can now sustain higher rates of adjusted earnings per share growth in the future as well. Naturally, we will discuss our long-term outlook more extensively at our investor conference, here in Atlanta, on March 1st. We will look forward to seeing you all there. Jeff?
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Cameron. As we look forward to our investor conference next month, it is worth reflecting on just how much our business has evolved over the past several years. At our core, we no longer just deliver simple payments, we are a payments technology company that offers distinctive, defensible and comprehensive vertical specific software solutions that help merchants run their businesses more efficiently. And we seek to warp value-added services around every transaction, further deepening our relationships with our customers. We offer these technologies around the globe in more markets than our peers, in conjunction with a market-leading, unified, and compelling omni-solution. And it is these solutions that underlie our ability to continue to accelerate growth over the next several years. The best is yet to come. Isabel?
Isabel Janci: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen & Co.
George Mihalos: Great. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to ask, as it relates to the fourth quarter, the 9% growth in the U.S. direct, I think that decelerated just a touch from 3Q. Just wondering if theres anything to call out there that may have impacted that number?
Cameron Bready: Hey, George, its Cameron. Good morning. I would say nothing specific that I would call out on that front. I think, largely, its rounding on the margin. I think, we kind of rounded up to 10% in Q3 and rounded down to 9% in Q4. We did have one less processing day in Q4 of 2017 versus Q4 of 2016. So that has a little bit of an impact on the result. But, Ill remind you, I mean, we guided our business to kind of high single digits, 7%, 8%, 9%. We produced 9% for our direct business. Overall North America, including the wholesale business was 8%, so right in the range of our expectations. So, were pleased with that result. If you look forward then for the guide for 2018, I think, you would clearly see that were forecasting a step-up and acceleration of growth. Our guide contemplates12% to 15% growth on an apples-to-apples basis for 2018 versus 2017. And I would note that that reflects normalized organic growth of about 9% to 11% and for our -- excluding the wholesale business, it reflects normalized organic growth of somewhere in the 10% to 13% range. So, I think, as were heading into 2018, we have a lot of momentum in the business from organic growth standpoint. I think, the Q4 results were solid and very much in line with our expectations, but were obviously very excited about what we think we can produce in 2018 as well.
David Mangum: George, this is David. Maybe a little bit more color a level below that. Sales productivity remains high, the momentum is terrific, leadership is executing well, e-commerce growth, weighted double digits in the U.S. All the pieces as an execution matter are going well and set up for the acceleration that Cameron is describing.
George Mihalos: Okay. Thats great color, really appreciate that. And then, just as a quick follow-up, I know, you guys have been talking about sort of maintaining high single digit organic growth in Europe. Thats been the target for awhile; thats in the guide for 2018. But, should we be thinking that sort of first half growth in Europe will be stronger than back half, just given the comparisons, or maybe just any sort of cadence you can walk us through there?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Georgia, its Cameron, again. The way to think about it is we guide Europe on a local currency basis, the high single digit rates of organic growth. Now, obviously, currency tailwinds are going to impact those results as it did in Q4. I think, youre right, as it relates to 2018, I think, our current outlook would suggest that European growth on a reported basis would be better in the first half of the year because we do expect more currency tailwinds. Obviously, given the volatility were seeing around currency, rates, its hard for me to predict with great precision what the back half of the year is going to look like. So, I think your overall thesis is generally right. Overall, we manage that business to local currency growth and we are forecasting for 2018 high single digit rates of local currency organic growth in Europe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Thanks. Good morning and congrats on the strong results.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you, Dave.
David Togut: You saw some very strong operating margin expansion in the December quarter, 190 basis points year-over-year. Youve been largely in an investment mode in Europe as you kind of work on the Erste JV. How should we think about operating leverage going forward in Europe, especially given the strong organic growth profile that you have?
Cameron Bready: Dave, its Cameron. Let me just talk about the mathematics, and maybe Ill let Jeff comment a little bit about just the investments were making in Europe and how we think about our business. Id remind you, that business today is margins are in the high 40% range. So, when margins are at that level, I would say were not really anticipating a great deal of margin expansion in Europe, going forward. Wed like to be able to maintain stable to slightly up margins in Europe. That is our expectation for that segment. A little bit of what you saw in Q4 was obviously lapping some of the investments that we made in the back half of 2016 as we worked to integrate Erste, as talked about previously. So, that integration is largely behind us. And obviously as a result of that, we produced strong margin expansion Q4 really on the backs of strong net revenue growth in Europe and again, just lapping those integration benefits in 2017. As it relates to the investments were making, Ill let Jeff comment a little bit more about how were thinking about that business.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Thanks Dave for the question. So, I would say, as we addressed in our prepared comments that we continue to roll out our technology enabled businesses globally. I think, Cameron in his remarks commented on the Erste joint venture and the fact that thats now into double digits. And I think thats a good template for other businesses, including when we close the HSBC new partnership, which of course will be in Mexico. But, I would say, its a few things. We continue to take our technology and bring it overseas, make investments days in terms of new products, additional salespeople into markets that we think are faster growth. Erste, clearly in Continental Europe is a good template for that. So, we hope, we will be in Mexico when we look to close that deal later in 2018. So, if you think about our integrated and vertical markets business that weve been bringing overseas, you think about our e-com and omni business, which historically had its genesis, overseas those are really resident [ph] and accelerating in Europe. The other thing we mentioned, Dave, on our phone call was were going to accelerate our investment in additional direct sales, not just here in the United States, but really around the world. Were very pleased with our existing sales folks globally, but we think there is an ability to take our direct sales model, which as you know, in the case of some of our businesses is mostly or largely commission based, and to take that model into newer markets. So, as we called out in our commentary, in 2018, well make incremental investments by way of bringing some of those models to markets like the United Kingdom, which is one of ones that we highlighted as part of our remarks. You throw that stuff together, Dave, we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to grow those markets at very attractive rates. These are some of the investments were making.
David Togut: Thanks for that. Just as a quick follow-up, Jeff. Id be curious for your thoughts about how the merchant acceptance footprint in Europe is expanding for electronic payments, especially post interchange caps, both Visa and Mastercard have called out some expansion recently, especially in Germany?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Dave, I think, you are exactly right and I think youve been on this point for quite some time and really rightly so. I think, started this was SEPA, as you just alluded to. And as weve talked about before PSD2 and now GDPR are really kind of upon us. As we said, we think that PSD2 is really directed at financial institutions and really opening up via API, the ability to get broader access into financial institution DDA accounts. As you know, we are not a bank in Europe. The way we go to market, this is like e-commerce and Realex. In Ireland, it is largely through developers and APIs. So, Dave, I think if you combine the cross-border incentives that youve seen by lowering of cost through SEPA with the openness that weve seen through PSD2 which is now here in 2018, that should be really nothing but good news for our business over the next number of years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan Securities.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thank you. Ill add to the Europe question. Europe you came in a little bit better than what we had. So, Im curious how healthy is the end market, especially in the UK? I dont think, Cameron, I heard any UK comments, curious competitively macro economy wise, how the UK is performing?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Tien-tsin, this is Cameron. Good morning. Ill comment maybe on the results and let Jeff talk a little bit about the environment as well. I would say, the UK in Q4 performed very much in line with our expectations. It had been for the last couple of quarters, I think, low double digit on a local currency basis, as we talked about previously. Thats not our expectation for growth in the UK. It was closer to high single digits in this particular quarter with obviously about 800 basis points of currency tailwind, benefiting the overall Europe results. And thats largely driven by the pound and our performance in the UK, so high single digit performance. I would say retail sales in Q4 in UK were fairly poor overall and certainly down I think relative to what weve seen over the course of the year. Thats not an uncommon phenomenon in UK, frankly heading into the winter, so even after a strong tourism season this past summer. But, I think we would view the overall market as fairly stable. I think, we remained very pleased with how our business is performing there. We believe we continue to gain share in the market thats otherwise growing probably in the low single digit rate. Were growing at least high single digits in that market, and thats our expectation going into 2018 as well. So, I think our franchise is well-positioned. To that comments Jeff made earlier, I think were bringing new technology, more differentiated solutions to that market that are helping us to gain share. And I think, we remain very well poised to continue to grow that business at that targeted high-single-digit rates going into 2018 and beyond.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Tien-tsin, its Jeff. I would say what we saw in the fourth quarter in the UK in terms of retail sales is very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2016. I think its very similar to what Visa said about their experience with retail sales in the UK in the December time period. Nonetheless, we think were growing at least 4 times the rate of market growth, currently in the UK. Id chop that up to a few things. First, I think, like most of the rest of the world, we really target the SMB customers. So, while we have a national business across all of the United Kingdom, we make most of our money and certainly most of our revenue and our pretax from SMB. And obviously, were very selective by way of vertical market in terms of which SMB areas that were in. I think, you can see that reflect in the sustained market share gains that were seeing around the world, but in particular, in light of your question, in the United Kingdom. The second thing, as I mentioned a few minutes ago in light of David Toguts comments, we continue to make investments in Europe, but for these purposes in the United Kingdom. So, more sales, we talk about expanding our direct sales footprint in Europe, including the United Kingdom. The UK was one of the early markets, next to Canada that we brought our integrated and vertical markets from the U.S. into, over the last number of years. And to be candid, Europe and in particular UK is where our e-com and omni business also targeted at SMB and cross-border multinationals, really is also domiciled in addition to Ireland and Spain. So, I think, Tien-tsin, youre seeing a continued share gain in Europe and in UK on our side, really driven by the way we go to market, the investments we made and of course Ive given away a little bit of the story in a couple weeks and more to come in the Investor Day. But, I think its a continuation of the trend that youve seen over the last number of years.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got it. Its great to see. This is my quick follow-up, I know, -- just on the U.S. direct, I know we all split hairs over high single versus low double digit growth, but what is the swing factor thats maybe under your control to get you to that low double? Because, I know you are running above market. So, to get to low double, what needs to happen under your control?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Tien-tsin. So, I think were on that trajectory already. I think, as Cameron mentioned, heading into 2018, in terms of our guidance, and obviously, were now sitting here in February, our expectations for our U.S. direct business, as Cameron mentioned a minute ago, is high single digits, low double digits, which to be honest is probably the highest rate of guidance growth for that business that weve ever given since Ive been at the Company for the last 8 years. So, to answer your, I think, the macro extent of your question, I really think that were already there. Now, why are we already there and why are we accelerating that rate of growth versus history, I think its the investments weve made in our distribution, in our technology footprint over the last number of years. Probably over the last five years weve invested $7 billion by way of principally M&A, but also technology investments. And of course, the U.S. at nearly three quarters of the Company is a primary -- necessarily the primary beneficiary of those investments. So, youll hear more in a couple of weeks about the mixes and everything else. As I said in our prepared remarks, we continue to expect our mix shift to favor our technology-enabled businesses is a bigger percentage of the Company going forward. I think thats reflected in what is certainly since weve been here, the fastest rate of organic revenue guidance in 2018 that weve ever given.
David Mangum: Tien-tsin, this is David. Maybe to add a little more color to that, I like phrase sort of splitting hairs over this. What we see in the business is really building momentum. We have the sales force that we will expect to add on the order of 200 plus net new sales folks this coming year, all increasingly selling technology-enabled, software-driven solutions. So, were not selling bricks on countertops. And again, I dont want to get too far than two weeks from now, but were selling solutions to customers, that drives uniquely low merchant attrition rates, drives higher growth, obviously stickier solutions. All thats built into the kind of growth numbers that Cameron and Jeff are describing. The execution level is very high. So, rather than split hairs over sequential this and sequential that, were growing faster than anybody in the market here at the end.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Dan Perlin: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I might have missed it, but can you just give us a number for the ACTIVE Network contribution? I know, last quarter you gave it to us, I think it was $14 million and 2 points. So, I just want to have that as a comparison reference.
Cameron Bready: Yes. It was around the midpoint of the range that we had provided to you previously, going into the quarter, Dan, which was 40 to 45.
Dan Perlin: Okay. And then, for stake kind of helping us with this positive mix shift, are you -- and maybe were jumping ahead on the Analyst Day, but, would you break down a little bit in terms of the contribution within North America, the percentage mix? So, you gave us wholesale, which is dropping 20%. And so, Im also interested to know kind of little more dynamics of whats driving that conversion, direct to indirect, but more specifically just helping that so we can guide our models to this positive mix shift. So, I think we got one component of it with wholesale. I think we need the other two a little bit. Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes. I mean, weve given you the wholesale number for North America. Canada, I think, you have a pretty good sense as to what Canada contributes annually in terms of U.S. dollar revenue, just north of $300 million; the rest is our U.S. direct business. Its really not a lot more complicated than that. And if you think about the U.S. direct business, its obviously a combination of our integrated and vertical markets business which we target low double digit growth for that channel. And if you think about the remainder, its going to be more of our traditional direct sales force, but today, at this point, more and more selling technology-enabled, software-driven solutions as well. That business, we target high single to low double. And thats our expectation kind of going into 2018. So, you roll all that together and youre going to get a North American business, ex wholesale that weve been just poised to grow at the high -- very high single digit level or the low double digit level, going into 2018, which again is above the rate of expectation that weve had for that business historically.
Jeff Sloan: Id also say Dan that -- on your question about the ISOs, Id say, its a few things. First, first for a number of years, as youve heard from us, weve had ISOs convert on us from ISO related contracts in a way they sell technologies into what we call indirect customers, where they really buy our technologies wholesale. So, part of the assumption of decline is just a continued mix shift among the ISOs that are existing customers that ISOs will just convert over to our existing customers as indirect, and thats been a continuation of trend. The second thing Id say is, well, I think, well always have an element of the ISO business within Global Payments. What Ill say is that increasingly we are not signing new ISOs to the customer. When contracts come up with existing ISOs, we choose not to renew on number of those. So, I would say, Dan, its really a combination of conversion from one type of customer to another, which impacts our revenue, and thats been happening for a period of time, combined with us focusing on the direct distribution that weve spent $7 billion on investing in terms of where were signing up new accounts.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask a question. In the press release, you talked about raising growth target, given your business mix and more of your technology solutions and investments. And Cameron referenced it as well. Certainly, clearly youre going to talk about it more at the Analyst event. But, could you just give a little bit more color what you are thinking and why youre sort of confident in that, and what do you sort of mean by raising growth targets?
Cameron Bready: Sure, Glenn, its Cameron. Ill kind of kick it off. And again, I think, to your point, were cautious about getting ahead of ourselves with respect to the March 1st Investor Day. We dont want to give you guys a reason not to attend. Kidding. But, I think as we tried to set up in the script and in some of the commentary today and all of this, I think is reflected in our guidance for 2018, given the success weve had in shifting our business mix over the last several years, continuing to drive more technology-enabled, software-driven solutions in our business, our e-com, and omni-channel successes around the globe and how again were utilizing our sales force more and more to sell these differentiated product suites, as well as the fact that we continue to move away and our wholesale business continues to decline as a portion of the overall company. We feel like we are in a position to be able to raise our expectations for organic growth on a topline basis for the Company going forward. Historically, as youll recall thats been high single digit since the merger with Heartland back in 2015, so call that 7, 8, 9. Clearly, that number is going to 15, but we certainly think its going to go to a number of 7, 8, 9. Well give a little more color around that when we get to the investor conference in a couple of weeks. Id also note that we think about our business kind of ex that wholesale business. Were going to wind that down over a period of time. As Jeff highlighted, we dont sign new ISOs. Were not renewing ISOs typically as they come up for renewal. And obviously, we have a handful of ISOs which is becoming more and more of a trend that are moving from direct relationships with us to indirect relationships with us. So that business is going to continue to shrink. So, we think about the business were managing is really, ex that ISO wholesale channel in North America, and we think the investments weve made are going to position us to drive higher rates organic growth above that 7, 8, 9 that weve been able to deliver historically. Even including the ISO business, as you flow that through then to earnings, we think were in a position to drive sustained rates of adjusted earnings per share growth above what weve been targeting historically which is mid teens. Again, I dont think were trying to compound 25% earnings growth annually. Wed love to be in a position to do that. But certainly, we think that we can deliver on a sustained basis adjusted earnings per share growth above that mid teen level going forward, and we think thats a very attractive, obviously opportunity for investors. Our ability to sustain and compound adjusted earnings per share growth saying that high teens level I think is a very -- creates a very attractive opportunity for this business as we look into 2018 and beyond. So, to your point earlier, a lot more to comment at the investor conference. We think our guide for 2018 directionally gives a good sense as to where we see this business going over the course of time and we look forward to sharing lot more detail in a couple of weeks.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Glenn, its Jeff. I would just add on to that. I know there is a bunch of moving with the ASC implementation and everything else. I think, there is very good schedule that Camerons team posted on our website about apples-to-apples comparisons. Cameron hit it head-on. This is the fastest rate of organic revenue growth for 2018 that weve guided to you collectively since this group has been here by way of revenue and the like. That is not an accident and well above the 7 to 9, for those purposes of actually including the ISOs within it and well above the 7 to 9 number that we talked back in our last cycle guide, historically. I think Cameron said in his prepared remarks including the ISO business reflect 9 to 11 on an organic basis the rest being ACTIVE to get you 12 to 14. So, I think you put that together Glenn, you look at 9 to 11 revenue guide organically for 2018 on a model historically that we told you the 7 to 9, having just finished the year what was low double digits as I said in the introductory and my comments in the press release, it makes us feel pretty good about where were heading.
Glenn Greene: Thats very helpful. So, my follow-up question maybe for Jeff would be the JV with HSBC. Just a little bit more color around that? What do they bring to the table, how much do you put do you pay to buy into the JV, any other help you could give us in terms of sizing it?
Jeff Sloan: So, Glenn, I will start and ask David to comment a little bit more of the detail of the market in Mexico. So, first, were delighted to announce the entry of Mexico. For long time, of course, we viewed ourselves by the name of Global, as a global company. Yet sitting here in the United States, we were not in all of North America. So, Mexico, going back to Pauls days, was always a target for us. And we couldnt be more pleased to have HSBC as our long-term partner. I think, theyve been a partner for ours in various forms for half a century, which is how old our Company is through 2017, so yet another partnership, following on the heels with HSBC in the United Kingdom, in Asia Pacific and now in Mexico. The other thing Ill say is that its a two partnership and that is 50-50. Were both extremely excited about the growth opportunities of the market in Mexico where we have a significant presence. And as a result were going to share the upside and opportunities as equal partners together. David, do you want to go through some of the details
David Mangum: Yes, happy to. I think, it starts, Glenn, with what Jeff said, which is were just thrilled to partner with HSBC around the world. This puts us in something on the order of 15 markets around the world where we partner with HSBC. And as you know from our Asia and our UK results, its been nothing but wildly successful for the last, I wont say the 50 years, because I havent been around for all those, at least the last kind of 11 or so, you can count from the original Asia deal the Company did back in 2006. So, we think that partnership, that marriage of Global Payments and HSBC, in market a like Mexico where youve got 125 million somewhat folks in the population, nominal GDP is what 12th or 15th in the world, something along those lines, high growth GDP and a partner where we know how to work and partner together, this is a great partner that got sort of the fifth largest branch presence on the order of 1,000 in major economic areas, your Guadalajaras, your Monterreys as well as Mexico City itself, lots of ATMs, lots of regional presence, really good business banking and small business franchise, which as you know is core to what we do around the world. So, we love the presence, like the pieces of it, a nice SME merchant presence already which we can grow. So, all those piece are there. What we plan to do is go apply our U.S. direct sales methodology, U.S. direct sales methods and techniques to the Mexican market. There is nice electronic payments growth, currently not a ton of credit card penetration but nice debit card penetration. So, pretty good model for what we like to do with HSBC, go chase small and medium business, go do it with our U.S. sales model, marry to the partnership with HSBC. Were pretty excited about.
Cameron Bready: And Glenn, just on your last comment, our investment in the joint venture is going to be less than $50 million. So, its a relatively nominal investment for us to have the opportunity and to partner with HSBC. To Davids point, weve been very successful with them over the course of a very long period of time in a market that we think has very attractive secular fundamentals going forward. So, we couldnt be more pleased to be entering that market in the way that were doing it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I appreciate the forward commentary; you guys are obviously receiving very good, which is great to hear. At your last Investor Day, you rooted your growth rate to the economic cycle kind of calling up a single as a mid-cycle. What Im hearing now is not so much a reference to the economic cycle and more about company-specific positioning. So, is that the correct conclusion? Am I hearing that right? And if so, one of the big things youve done obviously is the integrated in vertical. Can you kind of root the conclusion that youre reaching to the relative opportunity penetration into new markets and things like that, I mean for integrated?
Jeff Sloan: Ashwin, its Jeff. Ill start with that. Its a very good question. I would say, to step back for a second, at the highest level you can think of, we still chase GDP. So, I think as David alluded to, when he talks about the opportunity in Mexico, we certainly look at the demographics and economic statistics of a market before we decide to go enter in, I think Mexico, there is no different. Thats probably the highest level. Healthy growing economies are very important, not just to our business but to Visas, Mastercards, PayPal, go down the list, obviously thats an important thing. I would say though, you asked a very insightful question on how do we think about the markets, the vertical markets now that weve been chasing. And I think youre right in what you said. I think at the end of the day, most of our vertical markets on investments, and now Im thinking about dental and veterinary and some of the areas that have really been core for us at Global Payments including a school, K-12, and university. I would say in general, those are somewhat decoupled from the macro environment, certainly relative to the last Investor Day in 2015. So, you think about an integrated and vertical markets business today that youll hear in a couple of weeks, is about $1.2 billion in size. And you think about a lot of that now being in the markets that you would say are somewhat less sensitive because your schools, universities, dental and veterinary and healthcare, for dietary, et cetera that hopefully are less correlated to the overall rate of accelerating economic growth around the world. Having said that though, much like Visa and Mastercard, it is incredibly important that we would be in a healthy economy. And Ill tell you that probably for the first time, Cameron, in the last few years, probably the last six to nine to 12 months, every market were in globally has been growing. That wasnt true for a period of time in parts of China, that wasnt true in Brazil and Russia and some other markets. But that has been true. And I think undoubtedly, Ashwin, weve been the beneficiary of some of that. But I would say, today the movement toward a software model, movement toward SaaS model and movement toward vertical markets that are largely card present, the lack of exposure to big box and grocery and specialty apparel is very important in thinking about the sustainability of our business. Thats why, if you go back to what Cameron said in light -- on Glenns question about the cycle that youll hear more in a couple of weeks, yes, its the investments in our businesses, its mix shift that does give us confidence in giving the best forward look for 2018 by way of revenue growth that weve ever given while were seven or eight years into an expansionary economy here in the United States, which is three quarters of our business.
David Mangum: Ashwin, this is David. I think what youre also hearing is increasing confidence, given our execution at being able to globalize the solutions Jeff described. Integrated payments with which youre familiar with over the years, but increasingly the software solutions. Our revenue synergy tracker alone this year where we did deliver over 50 basis points of growth that we talked about, and were on track for the over 100 basis points of growth for 2018, all fuels this increase. And were selling the software solutions we own in markets around the world, great track record there. We already know about the globalizing of integrated payments, increasing these more and more enriched solutions with analytics and other services on top, again, uniquely globalizing those types of things.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you for that. So, I guess, look to be hearing more about that on Investor Day. Quick follow-up is back on that synergy comment that you had. Does that take into account any pricing impact? How are you thinking about the pricing in the Heartland client base?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Ashwin, it really does not the way we traditionally use pricing. So, just to be clear, we have not done what -- as we said would not, have not done broad-based repricing of Heartland, which by the way is consistent if you go back to 2015. What weve talked about and I think David has mentioned this many times. What we talked about is charging fairly for value that were creating. So, that means when were introducing new analytics and new data products, of course, those should be really coming in at market. That means when existing customer relationships reach the end of the maturity of their initial contractual terms, understanding where the market is at that point of time. And to be clear, we have not done those things yet at Heartland, whether its the fourth quarter of 2017 or since weve been partner since April of 2016. So, there has really been none of that in the results that youve seen today. On a go forward basis, of course, we certainly intend to manage it as we said all along, much closer to where we think the market will be going forward and the types of things that we would do, what I just suggested around contracts that come up for maturity, moving them closer to market that has not in fact occurred to date.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
Dave Koning: Yes. So, I have I guess just two numbers questions. The first one being if we exclude tax reform, it seems like thats maybe a 5% to 6% EPS benefit, so core EPS 18% to 22%, in that ballpark. Is that kind of what you are thinking?
Cameron Bready: I think youre pretty close there, Dave. I would put it right around 20, at the midpoint.
Dave Koning: Okay. So, nicely above cycle guidance?
Cameron Bready: Thats right.
Jeff Sloan: I would say nicely above current cycle guidance, Dave.
Dave Koning: Got you. Okay, great. And I guess, secondly, your free cash flow conversion in a group of great free cash flow across FinTech, yours is like way above anybody else, a 125% of adjusted net income. Is that sustainable? Maybe not at that level, but above earnings, is that sustainable?
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think, it is. I mean, we feel very good about our ability to convert obviously EBITDA into free cash flow of the business, and I think 2017 is evidence of that. I think, if we look at 2018 and beyond, I think, we remain very confident in our ability to continue to convert it at fairly high pace. As our CapEx guidance suggests for 2018, we are reinvesting a fair amount back into the business. Our guide is $210 million off of I think an actual of around 185 for 2017. So, we continue to invest in the business. And I think thats a very important thing to highlight. Were not producing these results by virtue of starving the business. Were investing in technology, were investing in solutions, were globalizing these solutions, were globalizing unique distribution capabilities. Were doing all this at a time when were still producing exceptionally strong financial results, investing in the business for future growth. And I think thats a big part of what underlies our confidence and the ability to grow the business at the level that were forecasting going into 2018 and beyond. If you take our 2018 guide even at the midpoint and you overlay that, a little bit of a commentary you heard today around cycle guidance or adjusted earnings per share growth going forward, its not hard to see something close to or at maybe 6 in 2019. As a reminder, we did 3.19 for 2016. So, almost 90% growth over a three-year period; thats pretty attractive compounded earnings growth for a business of this nature. I dont know anybody else with a similar characteristic business putting out that type of growth.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question for today comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey: Jeff, Im pretty encouraged to see the kind of growth youre putting up especially in Europe. Im wondering if you could contrast where Europe is in terms of its evolution around ISV and omni as compared to the U.S. In other words, to the extent the U.S. maybe is a little more mature than its been as ISVs have been around for a while longer. How is Europe -- how does that compare and how much longer might runway of this kind of really impressive growth last as you look out over the next few years?
Jeff Sloan: Great, question, Andrew. So, what I would say is, I typically think that Europe is really just being in a first inning of ISV, VAR penetration. The size of those economies, the maturity of technology in Europe as well as in Asia for that matter, really, puts it at the very beginning of the game. The way I could think about it, Andrew, is if Global Payments were a public company on the FTSE, were probably one of the two or three largest technology companies listed in the United Kingdom. I think were doing great here, but were somewhere in the S&P 500, and its probably not in top 100. And that gives you a sense of size by way of market value as to how those two markets compare. So, I would say, were in the first inning. I think weve been in ISV VAR land in Europe. I think weve been successful in taking our integrated and vertical markets businesses from the United States, were net exporter of those businesses into Canada and then into the UK and into Europe. The e-com and omni businesses have already been domiciled there historically because of common purchasing area that you see in the EU, even though there are different countries pre and post SEPA. But were very early on there. By way of comparison, Id say the U.S., maybe were in the fifth inning of ISV VAR land. And I would also say that our ability to continue growth in the United States, I said this in my prepared remarks, but another double digit organic revenue performance in integrated and vertical markets, the vast majority of which is here in the United States in the fourth quarter. And as Cameron said for our guide, obviously we expect to continue to try to guide to the low to mid-teens organic numbers for 2018 when the U.S. is three quarters of the company, of course, thats where its coming from. But I would say, here in the United States, its a little different and answer to your question is the only software model. So, I think where weve been distinctive and well talk about this on March 1st is, with a great market share gains, call it 2x the rate plus of market growth in our partner model. But now the own, the whole vertical stack of opportunities in the United States and well look to export that, Andrew, not just to Europe, but also to Asia. In fact, I think as David has mentioned, bringing our Campus Solutions, TouchNet into the United Kingdom where we have a very large share of universities are ready, its something weve done, bringing our Xenial restaurant hospitality business into cloud from the United States into Europe, its something that we have been doing and have done. So, I think we have the ability by way of some of the owned assets to really catalyze, Andrew, a bit of growth in Europe. I think there is no denying that were probably in the first inning in Europe with where that technology stuff is, yet were still growing at 4x the rate of market growth today.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. Thats great detailed answer. And just a quick follow-up, can you comment a little bit on the cadence perhaps of just the wins? Is it one a quarter; is this how we should expect going forward?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Andrew, its Cameron. Good morning. I dont know that I would put a particular sort of targeted cadence around those opportunities. I think, as we indicated when we announced that arrangement back in our second quarter earnings call, we feel very good about the portfolio of companies that they have. We feel obviously encouraged about our ability to continue to provide differentiated technology enabled payment solutions to those businesses. And we think we have a nice pipeline building with them. But again, we feel as if we have to earn every one of those opportunities. Every arrangement is a unique arrangement with one of their portfolio companies. I think, we have the right cadence around how were approaching those conversations. But, I dont want to put a particular target as to how were going to continue to build on the successes weve seen over the last couple of quarters. Obviously, itd be nice to do at least one a quarter, but our focus is really on making sure we can demonstrate a value proposition to those companies that works for them and making sure were doing it on economic terms that work for us. And I think well continue to have a lot of success with that.
Jeff Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for your interest in joining our call this morning. And we look forward to seeing everyone in Atlanta at our next Investor Day on March 1st.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Isabel Janci - Global Payments, Inc. Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc. Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc. David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions and answers. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Isabel Janci. Please go ahead.
Isabel Janci - Global Payments, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to Global third quarter 2017 conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-KT and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during this call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made on this call refer to non-GAAP measures such as adjusted net revenue and adjusted earnings per share, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with SEC regulations, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Isabel, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. I am delighted with our third quarter results. The continued extension of our payments technology strategy and relentless focus on execution enabled us to produce yet another quarter of double-digit organic net revenue growth. Our strong performance also allowed us to expand adjusted operating margin by 110 basis points and grow adjusted earnings per share 29%, one of the highest rates we have reported to-date. The hard work of our 2,500-person sales organization worldwide and the pace of our global cross-selling efforts provide significant momentum for sustained growth and share gains. Never in our history have we had more capacity to sell and more distinctive solutions to deliver to customers around the world. We could not be more proud of the outstanding performance of our colleagues. And we are not done yet. On September 1, we closed the acquisition of ACTIVE Network, a cloud-based, mission-critical enterprise software and payment solutions company targeting event organizers in two vertical markets. We are off to a fine start with our partnership with our combined business having already realized an early significant win in Europe. We've also had an early win from our strategic partnership with Vista Equity Partners. More to come in a few minutes on those achievements. As we have described over the last couple of years, there are two fundamental drivers of share gains for our business: expansion of our integrated and vertical markets; and our e-commerce and omnichannel solutions. Each of these businesses grew organically at double-digit rates in the third quarter and, together, now account for roughly 40% (04:06) of our total worldwide net revenue. We continue to further differentiate our company as the leading provider of payment technologies worldwide through these strategies. Our integrated and vertical markets business provides customers with specific payment technology solutions that are relevant to their verticals. We are unique in this channel in that we both partner with software providers in certain vertical markets and also own the entire software value stack in others. In addition, our e-commerce and omnichannel solutions leverage our market-leading worldwide footprint in both the physical and virtual worlds. We are unique in this channel in the scope and breadth of our omnichannel coverage. As we continue to advance our technology-enabled software-driven strategy, we have made substantial progress on cross-selling these solutions as well as our other products and services around the world. Our single, unified operating and technology environment enables these initiatives by allowing us to quickly and seamlessly deploy solutions in and across our markets. I want to highlight some of our cross-selling accomplishments around the globe as well as ongoing initiatives in this area that will drive future opportunities in 2018 and beyond, which we believe further differentiate us from our competitors. First, I am particularly pleased to report that in every region in which we operate worldwide, we have now successfully closed referrals from our Heartland sales channel. Many of these referrals resulted in new omnichannel customers. In addition, during the quarter, a number of multinational retailers extended their omnichannel relationship with us into additional markets. And just last month, we closed ASO as a new ACTIVE Network customer. ASO manages the Tour de France and Paris Marathon as well as other events. ACTIVE's market-leading software coupled with our payments expertise and worldwide omnichannel offerings, resulted in signing this new marquee customer. We also recently announced the international expansion of TouchNet into Canada, the United Kingdom, Western Europe, Hong Kong, Singapore, Australia and Brazil. Like ACTIVE, TouchNet is a sophisticated and comprehensive software solution, providing a full suite of business management and payment technology capabilities to colleges and universities. We now have specialized salespeople on the ground selling these integrated solutions to universities in these regions. Earlier this year, we introduced Xenial, a SaaS-based offering for the restaurant and hospitality industry, building on the capabilities of our Heartland Commerce business. This product is the first of its kind, and we are very encouraged by the feedback we have received from our U.S. customers. We look forward to deploying this solution in international markets in the coming months. And a few weeks ago, we launched Heartland Analytics, which provides small business owners with comparative key metrics such as sales trends, customer visits, new versus repeat customer business and changes in average ticket size. We are already selling this solution in the United States and expect to rollout this and other advanced analytic capabilities in other regions around the world throughout 2018. In addition to these successes, I am also delighted to announce that we have secured our first integrated partner through our strategic relationship with Vista Equity Partners. Just last week, we were selected as the payments technology partner for DealerSocket, a Vista portfolio company. DealerSocket is a technology solutions provider for the automotive vertical that simplifies processes and workflow. Our ability to seamlessly integrate comprehensive payment solutions through their platform extends and enhances their already robust offering. As we continue to evolve our strategy, we intend to further leverage our assets and investments to wrap more value around payment transactions. Software data and analytics are just a few examples of value-added services that we provide our customers globally, and with the addition of ACTIVE Network, we have more robust data and analytics capabilities that we intend to utilize to continue enhancing our offerings globally. Before I turn the call over to Cameron, I'm delighted to announce that Global Payments was recently selected by Forbes as one of the global Growth Champions, which identifies the top 250 fastest growing companies worldwide and as one of the world's Top 100 Most Innovative Companies. We are particularly pleased with these distinctions given our focus on creating and delivering innovative solutions for our customers globally. Cameron?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. The strength and consistency of our execution worldwide is evident in our third quarter results. We are very pleased with our performance as we once again exceeded our expectations for the business. Consolidated net revenues for the third quarter were $930 million, a 12% increase compared to 2016, driven primarily by low double-digit organic growth. Our strong net revenue growth and continued synergy realization contributed to operating margin expansion of 110 basis points to 31.3%. Adjusted earnings per share grew 29% in the quarter to $1.15. North American net revenue was $686 million, reflecting growth of 11%. ACTIVE Network, which closed on September 1, contributed approximately $14 million of net revenue or 2 percentage points to growth in the quarter. Excluding ACTIVE Network, organic growth in North America was high single-digits; more specifically, 9%. In the U.S., our direct distribution business again delivered low double-digit organic growth, while our wholesale business saw mid-single-digit declines in the quarter. Canada performed very well again, contributing mid-single-digit growth in local currency with favorable Canadian foreign-currency trend adding modestly to results. Operating margin in North America expanded 120 basis points to 31.6%. Margin expansion was driven by strong organic net revenue performance across our U.S. direct channels, in particular our higher margin technology-enabled businesses and the realization of expense synergies from Heartland, partially offset by ACTIVE Network due to the seasonality of the business. We again saw extremely strong performance in Europe with adjusted net revenues growing 17% organically in the third quarter or approximately 13% on a constant currency basis. The UK and Spain grew double digits in local currency driven by resilient underlying economies and the continuation of what has been a robust tourism season. In addition, we continued to see share gains in both of these markets. Likewise, our e-commerce and omnichannel solutions business grew well into the double digits as we further our pan-European strategy. As expected, now that most of the Erste JV integration efforts are behind us, European operating margins were flat at 47.3% for the quarter. Our Asia-Pacific business continued its strong performance this quarter, reporting net revenue growth of 15%. We saw solid trends across our key markets in Asia, including Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, and China. And Ezidebit once again contributed in excess of 20% organic growth in the quarter, exceeding our own lofty expectations for this business. Operating margins in Asia expanded 330 basis points as a result of strong net revenue performance, which allows us to continue to realize the benefits of improved scale across the region. Excluding integration costs, we generated free cash flow of approximately $236 million this quarter. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to non-controlling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $47 million for the quarter. As a result of the ACTIVE Network acquisition, we issued 6.4 million shares of common stock in September, which increased our diluted weighted average share count by approximately 2.1 million shares for the quarter. Further, we funded the cash portion of the consideration for the transaction primarily through borrowings on our revolving credit facility, which modestly increased our gross leverage to approximately 4.1 times at the end of the third quarter. As a result of our strong performance for the third quarter, as well as the closing of the ACTIVE Network transaction, we are again updating our 2017 guidance. We now expect net revenue to range from $3.505 billion to $3.53 billion, reflecting growth of 23% to 24% over 2016. This includes an expected contribution from ACTIVE Network of approximately $40 million to $45 million for the fourth quarter. We continue to expect operating margin to expand by up to 120 basis points. It is worth noting that, due to the seasonality of the ACTIVE Network business, we are forecasting this transaction to reduce the margin expansion we otherwise would have expected to achieve in North America in the fourth quarter. Nevertheless, our overall target for margin expansion in 2017 remains the same. We now expect adjusted earnings per share to range from $3.94 to $4.02, reflecting growth of 24% to 26% over 2016. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect ACTIVE Network's contribution to be immaterial to 2017 adjusted earnings per share. Lastly, we now expect our effective tax rate to approach 27% for the year. In light of the share issuance associated with the ACTIVE Network acquisition, we also now expect total weighted average shares outstanding for the fourth quarter and full year to be 160 million (14:56) and 156 million, respectively. We could not be more pleased with our performance in the third quarter and year-to-date periods. As we close out 2017, we're delighted to be in a position to exceed our overall objectives for the year. Likewise, as we begin to look forward to 2018, we remain excited about the momentum in the business as we advance our technology-enabled, software-driven strategy worldwide. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I would ask you to save the date for our upcoming investor conference, which we are planning to host here in Atlanta on March 1, 2018. We hope to see all of you there. Jeff?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Cameron. The strong momentum across our business continued in the third quarter, as it has all year. Our laser focus on our payments technology strategy, and our emphasis on operational excellence, have enabled us to deliver one of our strongest top and bottom-line results to-date. We have also laid a solid foundation for future growth, with substantial progress for achieving the revenue enhancements in 2018 and beyond that we described at the time of our Heartland merger. While delivering exceptional performance today, we could not be more excited about where we can take Global Payments in the future. Isabel?
Isabel Janci - Global Payments, Inc.: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one, with one follow-up, in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. And our first question will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please proceed.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Another great quarter. Congrats.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. So, first of all, just I guess on North America, growth remains really strong. Is it fair to say that your mix continues to get better, the good businesses keep getting bigger? And now with ACTIVE coming on as well, I would imagine that's even maybe faster growth than average. Like, is this sustainably going to get kind of back to 10% growth kind of in the future, as the good parts keep getting bigger?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Dave. It's Cameron. Maybe I'll start and I'll ask Jeff to chime in with anything he wants to add. So, first, I would say we're managing our North American business to organic growth in the high-single digits. Your point is right in that, our Wholesale business continues to shrink as a percentage of our North America business. And as a result of that, obviously, our faster-growing direct channels continue to drive growth in our overall North American business. And I don't want to leave Canada out; it's actually performed a little better than we would have anticipated this year as well, which has been a nice tailwind to North American growth. Going forward, I would say, we remain targeted at that high-single-digit level. Our integrated and vertical markets are the tip of the spear for growth. In North America, they're growing in the double digits. ACTIVE will be consistent with that, as we look to 2018 and beyond, so it will be additive to the overall rate of growth. Our wholesale business, again, we target towards flat to down slightly. It was a little more than that this quarter, as we commented on in the script. And in our normal direct channel, non-integrated, non-vertical market, we targeted high-single digits as well. So, again, you roll all that together with Canada, it was single digit in local currency, we continue to get back to that high-single-digit rate of organic growth that we're targeting for North America, and feel confident in our ability to achieve that going forward in time. Clearly, as we continue to mix shift towards more integrated and vertical markets businesses, obviously, that's going to help the overall rate of growth in North America, and it bolsters our confidence to be able to sustain that high-single-digit rate over a longer period of time.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Dave, I would just add on to what Cameron said that, as it relates to our M&A strategy, since you asked about ACTIVE, clearly, when we look at transactions and new partnerships, we certainly think about deals that we like to position as accretive to our rates of organic revenue growth. Of course, our integrated and vertical markets business, our e-com and omni business, are all in the double digits, as Cameron was describing a few minutes go. ACTIVE, I think, really fits squarely in that thesis. So certainly, if you play that over time, we're looking to partner and add businesses that help accelerate our rates of growth. So I think you're right in the mix shift over time, but of course, time will tell how quickly that happens.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for that. And then I guess my one follow-up, Europe has stayed incredibly strong, especially the UK. I know a year ago, there was a little worry about Brexit. It actually turned into a tailwind for a while. I'm wondering, are you seeing the UK continuing to just be that strong, do you think, into the future as well? Or does Brexit start to have a little bit of an impact?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Dave. It's Jeff. I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to add some color. So, I think we're as pleased with our businesses across Europe, really, as you are, and I think our prepared remarks really reflect that. I would say that the one thing we probably underestimated sitting here today throughout the last year-and-a-half or so is really our ability to capture share in that market, particularly in the UK and particularly in Spain. I think if you look at our performance in those markets and you look at what those markets are growing at, you look at our public peers in those markets and what they have reported for their rates of growth in those markets, this is growing six to seven times the rate of growth, particularly in the United Kingdom that one of our competitors is growing. And of course in Spain, it's really the tale of six-and-a-half years of gaining share in the market. So stepping back for a second, Dave, the first thing I'd say is we get paid to worry. So of course, you worry about things like Brexit. That's what we do every day. But I would say if there's one thing that makes us feel comfortable about where we are is that we consistently underestimated our ability of our colleagues to capture share in the European markets, particularly in the UK and particularly in Spain. That does make us feel a little bit better about where that business is heading as a trajectory matter (21:04). That doesn't mean we change our fundamental assumptions about what that market does long-term, but certainly, it gives us confidence, Dave, that we should be able to continue to capture share going forward.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: And, Dave, it's Cameron. The only thing I would add to that as well is our e-com and omni business in Europe has been particularly strong. Our strategy there to combine our e-com capabilities with our physical brick-and-mortar presence in certain markets around Europe, I think, has been a very effective growth engine in Europe and been a nice tailwind to overall growth, on top of the very strong performance we've seen in the domestic markets in which we operate.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you, great. Well, thanks, guys. Good job.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair. Please proceed.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Just following up on Dave's  on Europe, the 13% constant currency revenue growth in Europe, was that all organic?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Bob, it's Cameron, yeah. That's all organic. We anniversaried the Erste JV on June 1, so Q3 was entirely organic. If you compare Q3 at roughly 13% constant currency, that's basically in line with the normalized rate of growth for Q2, which was around 13% or 14% on a constant currency basis. So...
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Do you think...
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: ...two very consistent quarters of strong growth in Europe, which is really a function of what Jeff and I just described.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Do you expect Europe to maintain double-digit organic as that e-commerce grows? And what are the key drivers to you gaining market share there?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. So maybe I will touch on the first point. I'll let Jeff and David comment on the second. I would say our outlook for Europe remains high single-digit growth on a constant currency basis. That is we think a very reasonable expectation given the mix of businesses that we have in market. And we think going forward, we're well-positioned to be able to achieve that. Some of the things we benefited from obviously over the last several quarters in particular, we had a very strong tourism season. Obviously, the weakness in the British pound, the side benefit of that has been obviously more towards going to the UK and more people in the UK, staying in the UK and spending in the UK. So, we've seen better trends in the UK than we would have anticipated. We're not managing that business to sustain double-digit organic growth; that's not our target for that business. But obviously, we're delighted with the performance we've been able to achieve and have good momentum kind of going into the last quarter of the year and as we look forward to 2018, which gives us confidence in our overall target for the business.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: And, Bob, this is David. Maybe some of those strategies and tactics to chase the numbers Cameron's describing. Recall in the prepared remarks, we talked about the roll out of Realex e-commerce technology across Europe. That's a big piece of the outsized growth and the share gains Jeff described in the UK. We're now successfully selling that in Spain. You can expect more and more of that to come. We've had wildly successful omni-channel sales across Europe at the same time on a relative basis. So, we're very happy with the way the solution is coming together to manage our direct sales investment. Pause on that for a second. We're investing in more direct sales capabilities in Europe as well because we see more and more solutions come to market. Jeff also talked about cross-sales in his prepared remarks so we're increasingly selling our university sales, our university software solutions out of TouchNet, out of our Campus Solutions in the States, so more capability to sell more technology-enhanced solutions. So, we're thinking about that as well as Jeff talked about the Xenial software platform, which includes analytics and email marketing capabilities as well as restaurant software and eventually retail and hospitality software. Those solutions all rollout over the course of 2018 in Europe as well, so more and more product to map to more and more direct sales capabilities. It's really a great recipe for us to sustain the numbers Cameron has described and hopefully beat them over time.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Bob.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just wanted to ask about North America, a 9% organic growth seemed solid, but I think you said the mid-single decline in wholesale was a little lower than typical expectations. Maybe you can describe what's going on in that market and then what's the outlook going forward.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes. Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll touch on that a little bit. I'll maybe just start by reminding you, as a strategy matter, we've been pivoting away from our wholesale channel going on four years now. We've invested probably north of $6 billion to move to more of a direct distribution business here in the U.S. and obviously I think that strategy sort of speaks for itself in terms of how it's played out over the last few years. We're managing that business, obviously, to continue to see it be a smaller part of our North American business over the course of time. So it's not surprising to us that that business may be down from quarter-to-quarter, and year-over-year as we are managing it to achieve that outcome. I would say into your point, the mid-single digit was slightly a faster rate of decline than we would've anticipated in the quarter. We were actually forecasting kind of a low-single digit rate of decline. I think the variables that took it to being more of a mid-single digit decline is just general weakness in the portfolio relative to what we would have anticipated. Some of that is attributable we think to the hurricane impacts across that portfolio and some of the concentration that may exist in those two jurisdictions, Texas and Florida in particular that were most impacted. We think that's probably the biggest driver. One of the other variables which was in our forecast as well, of course, is we have one less processing day in Q3 2017 versus 2016. So that obviously out of the gate, it's going to cost you a point. And lastly, I would simply say we had one other direct ISO customer that moved to an indirect relationship with us as still an ISO customer but as an indirect matter. And as part of that, they are not taking the same level of service that they were from us historically. So those factors really drove it to the level that I described in my prepared remarks. But again, as we look at the business overall, the fact that our wholesale business is declining, we're still producing the rate of growths that we're able to achieve I think speaks to the strength of our direct channel. And then long-term point of view is good for our business.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Helpful. And then international margins, we're still seeing significant margin expansion in Asia, European margins are now back to flat. Just thinking about what that outlook is going forward. Should we see more of the same or do we finally anniversary the big growth we've seen in Asia that the comps get a little bit more difficult as we go forward. Thanks so much and congrats on the quarter.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So I'll talk about Europe in particular. Our target with margins already in the high 40% range is to sustain those margins. Obviously, we're not managing Europe with an eye towards significant margin expansion, and we don't think it's going to be a meaningful driver of margin expansion for the total company overall. So our objective there remains kind of achieving flat to maybe slight up margins in Europe, but we think that's a reasonable expectation just given the overall level of margins in that region. As we think about Asia, you're right in that we will begin to lap some of the more significant margin expansion we've been able to achieve over the course of the last probably four to six quarters. Some of that simply is coming from improved scale. I think when I joined the company back in 2014, Asia was probably $150 million, $160 million business, and this year it's on track to be well north of a $250 million business. So we've added a significant amount of revenue to that business, which has allowed us to improve scale across the region, which has certainly been a nice tailwind to margins. Naturally as those margins creep up over the course of time, we will be reinvesting in that business to continue to drive and achieve our targeted rate of growth, which is low double-digit for Asia. So I do expect to continue to expand margins in Asia over the course of time, maybe not to the same magnitude that we've been able to achieve over the course of the last four to six quarters.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Cantwell with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Morning, Jeff.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to talk about your overall firm-wide margin outlook. It seems like you've consistently talked about operating margins getting back to that 35%-ish level. I just want to make sure I understand that given what we've seen this year. You've been adding more tech-enabled revenue. Seems like wholesale revenue is declining. You've been adding Canada, Erste Group, other areas I think are higher margin. So do you think that 35% is the jumping off point for firm-wide operating margins? Or perhaps there might be more to go beyond that as we think longer term? Thanks.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: So, Jeff, it's Cameron. I'll start and maybe ask Jeff to chime in as well. I think the mid-30% margin target in the medium term is a good target for the business. I think as we look around the globe and the aggregate of the businesses that we're managing, we can continue to grow margins at our overall cycle guidance, which is up to 75 basis points. Over the medium term, we think getting to the mid-30%s is a right objective for our business. I think given the mix of businesses we have, as we continue to drive margins up towards that level and maybe slightly higher, the level of reinvestment to continue to drive the rates of growth we want to achieve in the business will likely increase. And we're also, I would note, if you look at 2017 in particular, given the strong margin performance we've seen throughout the year, we are investing more in the business. We've increased our CapEx guidance a couple times this year already. It's now at $180 million originally versus a $160 million target at the start of the year. So we are taking the opportunity as we are outperforming our own expectations to reinvest in the business to help sustain better rates of growth over longer periods of time. And I think that will continue to be our plan as we move forward in time. But I still think over the medium term that mid-30% target is achievable and the right one for the business.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, Jeff. It's Jeff. I would just add to that, as a business man if you (30:56) step back for a second, what we really wanted to accomplish heading into 2018, I think I mentioned this earlier in one of our calls this year is to really achieve scale in our business. Now I think we have scale as an operating matter, but scale in the underlying infrastructure of our business as we head into calendar 2018 and beyond, we feel we've built enough scale in what we do that the investments are really incremental. Part of that you're seeing in the $180 million that Cameron just described relative to the $160 million. So here we are producing these results: 33% earnings growth, 24% now, 29% reported, yet we're investing consistently in future growth rather than attracting capital from the business and limiting our rates of growth. So what do I mean by that? Investing in existing and additional infrastructure, cloud-based infrastructure, so the cloud-first strategy that we've had for the last year-and-a-half at the company, investing in additional HR ops and support, additional finance ops and support to make sure that we're ready to go do the next investment, whether that's a partnership or a new market or a new product that we want to launch, a new market we want to enter. We wanted to make sure that exiting 2017 that we had the taken advantage of the opportunity presented by Heartland and really now by ACTIVE to get the business at the right level of what I'll call support scale, distinct from processing scale or anything else. And I think we've largely  2017 is not done, right, but I think we've largely achieved that. I think some of that explains some of the $180 million that Cameron was alluding to in terms of CapEx relative to $160 million. So if you peel that back to what does that mean for margin, I think Cameron is exactly right. I think in the next number of years with the guidance that we've given in terms of our model, we should be right there, but I also think it's important to understand that even without a mix shift, we feel like we've made the investments we need to make to sustain growth over the coming years.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Appreciate that. And then on Canada, can you talk a little more about what's driving the growth there? I think I heard you say that growth is accelerating. That's something you've spoken about the past couple quarters as an emerging strategic initiative. So just curious as far as how much that contributed to revenue growth this quarter. And maybe you could just update us about a reasonable set of expectations as we start to think about 2018. Thanks very much.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, sure. Jeff, it's David. I'll start and then pass it over to Cameron, particularly around the outlook for 2018. I can tell you, Canada is just quite simply having a fantastic year for us. It's really that simple. Our colleagues there are doing a great job. They're executing very well on the sales strategies we described at the beginning of the year. You're quite correct that there's an analogy to Europe as we described earlier in that we are now selling more tech-enabled products and more tech-enabled solutions in Canada than ever before. We do have OpenEdge live in Canada, the ability to sell integrated payments. We have, as you'll recall, sold TouchNet software in Canada. We're increasingly selling our point-of-sale software solutions through dealers and have added several dealers in just the last two quarters to be able to sell more of that in 2018. At the same time, we've really benefited really from some very nice macro trends as well in Canada. Although GDP is still not a mover, we've had very nice credit growth, solid underlying credit growth, which I think speaks to the quality portfolio we have there. As consumers spend a little bit more in the portfolio, we've got great retail presence, great healthcare presence, great restaurant presence, across a national portfolio. So we benefit really almost immediately when things look a little bit better in Canada, in terms of just core consumer spending. So, all in, really a great situation for Canada, great execution by the team there in 2017. No reason to think we won't continue to execute in 2018, but for that I'll pause and turn to Cameron in terms of how those expectations play out.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes, Jeff, it's Cameron. I'll just add, we're obviously delighted with the performance we've seen in Canada over the course of the last year, to David's point. The performance in mid-single-digit local currency growth is obviously above our expectation for that business, as David highlighted. Some of that, I think, is our ability to sell different solutions, differentiated product, on the margin; some of it is an economic environment that is probably one of the better ones we've seen in Canada over the course of the last several years. I think Q2 GDP growth was in the 3.75% range, which is very high for that market, and that's been a nice tailwind for our business, because our growth always starts with, what's the underlying rate of GDP growth in the individual market in which we're operating. I'd say, as we look out for that business, our target remains low single-digit in local currency. Obviously, as it relates to all of our targets, our expectation and hope is that we can exceed those. But I think a very realistic target for that business over the course of time remains low-single digit in local currency, and that's appropriate, just given, in particular, the history in that market. I think it's a little premature to suggest that fundamental growth rates in Canada are going to be different over the medium-term.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. I appreciate that. Thanks very much.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please proceed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Hey, guys. Congratulations, good quarter. I wanted to ask about the pipeline from Vista, what it looks like, and sort of a two-phased question. One is, obviously, you've got to go sign deals like DealerSocket, but then you also, I think, have to work with a company like DealerSocket to get to their customers as well. And, can you sort of help us figure out how that two-phase arrangement sort of works like, especially with a name like DealerSocket, which I believe does have an agreement at co-pay. So, is this a coexist situation? Is there exclusivity? Details like that.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Hey, Ashwin. It's Cameron. Maybe I'll start and I'll try to frame up how we go about the process with Vista, and then I'll turn it over to David to get into more specifics as to how our interactions with a particular software partner really work, and how we get to market with that customer. So as a Vista portfolio matter, you're absolutely correct in that we're working hand-in-hand with Vista to identify the portfolio companies that they own today that, number one, would make good payment technology partners for us, and two that, frankly, need our solution and would benefit from our solutions. Once we identify that pipeline of opportunity, then I think there's something like 45, I think, portfolio companies in the Vista group today. We do then go work with the individual company to structure a bespoke arrangement with that particular entity that's going to meet their needs; it's also going to work for us as a commercial matter. As you would appreciate, Vista is not a long-term owner of assets, so we can have the best relationship in the world with Vista, but we really want to have the relationship at the individual portfolio company, because we want that relationship to sustain whatever life expectancy they may have as a Vista tate (37:50). So that's the objective through this process. It does take time. We could not be more pleased that we already have one signed, which I think, frankly, even relative to our own expectations, is greater than we would have anticipated. And we have a nice pipeline of opportunities building, and a good discussion ongoing with a number of other portfolio companies, that we're going to work to continue to drive forward from there.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Ashwin. David. A little more color, then. So, if you think about the process of them bringing someone live or even closing the deal, I'll start with something I said last quarter which is, there's nothing better than a warm lead when you're trying to go in for a sale. So in the case of DealerSocket, we were actually already in the sale process with them. It wildly accelerated via the business relationship that Cameron described a moment ago, to the end result of us being able to actually close it in just a matter of weeks post our transaction with ACTIVE, which is just fantastic, hopefully a sign of the ability to move more quickly through those pipelines as we go forward. Of the 45 or so portfolio companies Cameron described, a handful are already in our pipeline and were before, so hopefully again, we expect to see, or hope to see, accelerated sales processes there. To speak directly about how we bring a customer live, let's actually use DealerSocket maybe as an example. So what DealerSocket really does, they provide a really sort of Middleware engine, CRM solution, for the automotive vertical. So it simplifies sales and marketing. They tend to target independent dealers. There are also franchises as well. But you're talking about maybe 2,000 or so mostly independent dealers, so a huge opportunity. It's part of why we're so excited about it is, 2,000 dealers. This is why actually we (39:26) made the call  not just the sale, but this is a material potential partner for us. To get them live, as you might think about, this is a CRM solution, we have to deeply integrate our payments technology into a CRM solution, add some of our marketing technology as well, and make sure that as a salesperson is working that independent dealer, they can see that on their sales force automation system, they can run marketing campaigns, they can run pricing deals at the end of a month. It's a pretty deep technical integration to create the seamless experience that we talk about the drives, the outsize growth you get from our integrated payments businesses. That'll take 90 days to as much as six months in order to create the full integration. Part of why it's so valuable is, you don't just do this in nine days with a semi-integrated solution. It's a big deal. So we're going to pile up a number of these DealerSockets over time as our sales force does anyway. These, though, we can almost think of as a little bit of extras, right? We weren't expecting to close three or four Vista companies in the next six months. Now that's what our pipeline says. We'll see whether we do it. As Cameron correctly said, we have to earn that business and then earn it again every day, but we're really happy to have this series of warm leads and our sales folks are pretty charged up, because that portfolio of businesses looks like real opportunity for us over time.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Sounds good. And then Heartland pricing, that's a question you get all the time. You talked about value-added pricing on a case-by-case basis almost, but are you sort of at a point where you're beginning to roll out pricing? And when I say pricing, I do mean in all its forms, you have pricing fees, things like that. Are you beginning to do that? Can you speak about that?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great question, Ashwin. So let me start by saying we are not doing broad-based pricing initiatives across the Heartland portfolio or any of our portfolios. We continue to look to where we can match value we create to economic value. We continue to believe we provide quite simply the best infrastructure and service infrastructure available to our customers. We think we should be paid for that. So we continue to be surgical with ideas like where we are providing higher-quality services. Should we adjust the economics there? Yes, quite possibly. So if you think that we sell higher-value service, we are working hard to train our sales reps to sell the initial deal at a higher price, which relieves you of the burden of coming along later, obviously, needing to bring that back to market. That's had great success. We can literally show in our CRM systems if someone's closing a deal that the rep next to them closed that deal at a higher price point the week before. So things like that are working well. We have tweaked the way we approach terminal pricing as an example. We have new solutions that we've rolled out for compliance, but know that the simple answer is we are not doing broad-based pricing across the portfolio. We continue to try and surgically match value where we create value.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's great. Really appreciate that clarity. Thank you very much.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Ashwin.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Good quarter.
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to drill down a little bit more on the North America growth, and more thinking about by distribution channel, I realize sort of the faster-growing channels were in the low double-digits in aggregate. But maybe if you could parse a little bit I think sort of the relative growth rates of integrated, traditional direct, thinking e-com. The description you gave of the mid single-digit decline was helpful on wholesale, but just a little bit more on the overall growth parameters you're seeing across the distribution channels in North America.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Sure, Glenn. It's Cameron. I'd be happy to do that. So let me just start again with the integrated and vertical markets business. That grew in the low double-digits in aggregate in the second quarter led by OpenEdge. But our other vertical markets businesses also grew in that same sort of low double-digit range. So that business, again, consistent performance I think Q2 to Q3. And, frankly, throughout calendar 2017, we've seen double-digit growth in that business, and we're frankly very pleased with the overall performance we're seeing out of that portfolio of companies. As I said earlier, that's the tip of the spear for our growth in North America and will continue to be going forward. Our traditional direct sales distribution channel, our Heartland direct sales distribution channel grew high single-digits in the quarter. That business, again, at the high end of our expectations for that particular channel, we think that channel can be a consistent high single-digit grower for us going forward and that's what it produced again this quarter right at around 9%, so right at the overall sort of average for North America. Now that is down a little bit relative to what we saw in Q1 and Q2 of this year. A couple of things really driving that. To be candid, Glenn, one would be obviously there was a bit of hurricane impact in that business in the third quarter. We had a combination of obviously merchants in those markets that were not transacting with us during those periods of time. We had sales professionals who weren't contributing new in period revenue in those jurisdictions during that period of time. And I'd say perhaps probably more importantly, we're now starting to lap the material improvement in attrition that we were able to achieve starting really last summer. So as you'll recall, we have been able to take attrition in that portfolio down from probably 12% to 13% historically down to 10% or 11%. That's probably not going to go to 8%. So as we begin to lap those significant downward trends in attrition, obviously that's going to be a tougher grow over for that business. So for that business to continue to achieve high single-digit rates of growth this period I think was a terrific outcome for them. So that's really our direct business in the U.S. market in Q3. If you roll those two channels together, collectively they were low double-digit. Wholesale I already talked about, kind of down mid single-digit. Canada we talked about as well. It grew mid single-digit in the quarter. We had a little bit of a tailwind from the Canadian dollar that added probably 0.5%, roughly 50 bps to North American growth in the quarter. I would say that was probably more than offset by hurricane headwinds that we faced in a number of different channels including the Heartland direct channel, but also in our schools and campus businesses as well. I think those businesses were actually probably disproportionately impacted by the hurricane. We have a number of school districts in both Florida and Texas. Those are two of our larger markets for school districts as well as campuses at the university level, and unfortunately those storms hit right at back-to-school season which is our seasonally highest seasons for those two businesses. So they were somewhat impacted by the hurricanes as well, but I would say as management our job is to grow through those things, and I think we did that very effectively in the third quarter.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then my follow up is for Jeff, and more sort of a thematic longer-term question. But when you think about the software technology businesses, I think you've been phrasing it as 40% of revenue, and obviously that's been the focus. But do you have sort of midterm 3, 5-year goal, what proportion of the business you're sort of looking for that to be? Or how you think about that?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Well, Glenn, you're stealing our thunder for March 1. Cameron talked about the Investor Day on March 1, and now you're getting ahead of it. But I'll give you a sneak preview that not shockingly that number is probably 50% as we think where we'd like to take the business. If you go back to where we were really in October 15 at our last Investor Day when we were together, I think at that point what we had said is those businesses in the aggregate were probably 30% plus or minus of our revenue. Today we talk about 40% now that ACTIVE has closed, and our target is 50%. I don't know if there's any limit as to where the 50% candidly would go. I think it depends on where the opportunities are, what that mix looks like. Obviously we'll be talking about that a lot more on March 1. But if you take a step back for a second, you combine what Cameron just answered to your previous question with our strategy, well north of $1 billion of revenue on an annual basis in our U.S. business, which is our largest market, is coming from these strategies that Cameron was describing. So we think about where we're taking the business not so much as a percentage but how we're actually setting the business up, we think that that is a defensible distinctive method of distribution for a long time to come. So yes, we'd like more of it, but I also think it makes us feel pretty good about our ability to continue, as we said in the press release this morning, to sustain those share gains. (47:48) on top of that what David alluded to in Canada, what we talked about a little bit in the United Kingdom which we're pleasantly surprised by our ability to continue to generate share, I'd say we've done a great job in those markets. But at the margin, I think we also do believe that the things that we've been describing on the tech-enablement side, bringing OpenEdge and integrated into Canada and into the United Kingdom, bringing Realex and our e-com omni-channels into North America and into Spain as well as the UK, those are undoubtedly helping us in terms of the momentum of the business, but as a key contributor I think going forward to baking that number 50% or some higher number. But now I've kind of given you the preview of March 1. I hope you'll still come on March 1.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Sorry to take away your thunder.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. I knew someone was going to ask that. I was going to ask to (48:33) about March 1  here in November, but I do think though that's where we're headed. Obviously we'll be talking about that a lot more early in the New Year.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Paul Condra with Credit Suisse. Please proceed Condra.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Cameron, I just wondered now that you have Heartland integrated ACTIVE in 2018, can you just kind of talk about seasonality just kind of for the benefit of our models that we should paying attention to? And then specifically, as we go from 4Q to 1Q and calendar processing days, just anything to kind of call out?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes. Probably the single biggest thing I would want to call out would be ACTIVE seasonality. Now that we have that transaction closed, I can give you a little bit more color as to kind of how we see seasonality in the business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're forecasting ACTIVE to contribute somewhere between $40 million to $45 million in Q4. If you look at their business overall, it's seasonally strongest in Q1 and Q2, Q2 being a seasonally strongest quarter. Q3 and Q4 tend to be wider from a revenue point of view. So if you take that $40 million to $45 million target that we have for ACTIVE for Q4. I expect that business for all of calendar 2017 to produce $180 million to $185 million based on that expectation which is in line with our earlier commentary on Q2 where we indicated that the business would approach $200 million of revenue for calendar 2017, to be a little more specific around that right now we see it in the $180 million to $185 million range. And that is a double-digit growing business as we talked about before, so you can factor that into the model as you look to 2018 and begin to forecast both annual and seasonal trends for the business. I'd say the rest of the business overall would be largely as experienced in 2017 as a seasonality matter, ACTIVE has a little bit of a different seasonal profile than I would say our legacy Global Payments business pre-ACTIVE would've had.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then on the direct ISO channel, I mean is there a point where that gets small enough that it becomes a little bit more of a revenue lift? And then I'm just wondering is there a reason you don't exit that business more quickly just given the declines?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Well, I would say it's still a profitable business for us, so there's no reason to exit it rapidly quite frankly. We still have a number of good ISO partners and we think we're a very good partner to them. So there's nothing inherently wrong with the business. Our strategy obviously is focused into different part of the distribution channel where we want to be direct and then control that direct relationship with our customer. We think that's where the business needs to go and will continue to go over the course of time. I mean, as a mathematical matter as it continues to shrink, as a part of our North American business, it does become less of a headwind to growth and that I think in the long term is good for our business, and if we can manage it to flat to down, low to mid single-digit over the course of time, we can grow through that and over the course of time it will become an increasingly smaller part of our business, but we still probably have 90 ISO customers and it's a profitable business. It does add some scale to our overall business, so there's no real reason I would see to exit it more rapidly. We're not focusing lot of resources on it. We are supporting our partners in that channel well, but it's certainly not a strategic focus for us.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Sort of a qualitative question, Jeff and David, I think. When you look at Europe and the strong performance there and you talk about omnichannel in particular, can you kind of characterize where you think Global stands competitively? I guess specifically what kind of lead do you think you have over your competition? It sounds like maybe the UK is the most sophisticated market in Europe but I'm thinking about the continent Eastern Europe. Is there a multi-year competitive lead that you think sustains the kind of growth you're seeing there?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes. Andrew, it's Jeff. Listen, I think we've got to earn our business every day there because it's (52:55) competitive, but yes, I do believe that we're one of the faster growing businesses across Europe. Obviously, the level of competition there is intense but as we said in our prepared remarks, I think the thing that's distinctive about us is that we could combine physical world acceptance with online acceptance. Many of our peers if you think about Adyen or Stripe or Braintree, which of course is part of PayPal and the like, really are primarily focused on online acceptance, at least historically or even more so focused on online acceptance with low levels of service for low prices at very high volumes. I think what's different about us is, first, we bring the broad breadth of coverage as I mentioned in our prepared remarks across a number of significant markets in Europe. They already have good growth trajectories before we get involved. But I think the second thing that we bring is the fact that we're primarily as we are in most of the rest of world for Global Payments, SMB to mid market focus. That's not to say that we don't pursue large deals in either our physical world or virtual world environments, but it is to say our bread-and-butter in the United States, in Europe and globally as a company is really SMB, the small to midmarket folks and that's where we think we can really provide a lot of value. That is very different than adding in  and many of our competitors who are almost squarely focused on self-service at a very high-level, volume at a very low price. So I do think we have a very good angle there and I do think that does, based on our history, really tend to sell pretty well for the right group of companies. The other thing I'd say is, our partnerships in Europe, particularly in Spain which David can comment on in a minute, with Caixa, where we're partnered with the leading provider of financial services in technology, not just in Spain, but for multinational customers coming out of Spain, I also think is very distinctive for us. So I don't think there's anyone who really has what Caixa has in and around their markets, and I think we're very fortunate to be the beneficiary of what it can bring to the omni-channel strategy. David, you want to give some examples of...
David E. Mangum - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, I'd be happy to. I think the key is the distinctive distribution married to solutions targeted SMBs. And we can go upscale  sort of upstream to the MNCs and we do quite successfully, as we announced in the prepared comments. But when you take a business where we've grown sales in Spain faster than any competitor for the last six years to build a 28% market share in that market, I think you get some sense of what we can do when we take then a Realex-solution for the e-com piece, marry it to Spain's face-to-face, and say okay, what can we do to sell and accelerate growth on an already large number you saw just this quarter in the European results? The same thing is happening in the UK, obviously. You can't grow in the double-digits in the UK just based on what's going on at a macro level. You have to be taking share, and you frankly have to be taking share in small to medium market. You don't grow that way by targeting large customers either, to be perfectly honest. With Caixa, we have a unique partnership that brings banking services, issuing, as well as then omni capabilities to certain merchants. That works beautifully. Note that Caixa is also our partner in Eastern Europe, so we're trying to do in Eastern Europe with Erste, who is a wonderful partner, with Caixa, is take that success we've seen in Spain, take it to earlier stage markets in central Europe; your Romanias, your Czech Republic, as well as Hungary, Slovakia, and see if we can drive the same kind of outsized growth with this combination of distinctive distribution and real omni-solutions targeted at small to medium businesses.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And with regard to Xenial in the U.S., can that help you move up-market in restaurants? And maybe a comment on how important you think gateways generally are in the restaurant-acquiring business?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, a great question. And so, if you think about Xenial, yes, it can help us move up-market, but I should note to begin, we actually are up-market in the U.S. in our software businesses. And when we talk about gateway, I'm going to maybe pick on that a little bit. Gateway is valuable as you think about integrated solutions and semi-integrated solutions. What we're really talking about with Xenial is helping a small business all the way up to someone the size of a major national chain. I can't name either now, but I can start with any of the ones probably around the corner from you, Andrew. Right now they're usually customers of our software products for point-of-sale right now. So Xenial's targeted all the way from QSRs who are individuals, sort of proprietors, the burrito shop around the corner from you, all the way up to someone who might be a piece of young brands, as an example, so any of those big brands. And what we want to do is point-of-sales software all the way back to kitchen expediting, wage modules for the folks who are working there, inventory modules, all those types of pieces of software. Not as simple as a gateway, but you're quite correct, the gateway is a core component of what we're providing. We think what we can do then is marry dealers who deliver those products to our Heartland sales force, 1,500 people blanketing major metropolitan areas around the U.S., to sell the combination of payments and software. So the Xenial play is building on something that used to be called Heartland Commerce, which was small point-of-sale software businesses combined to one cloud-based growth engine that we can globally sell over some period of time. So in 2018, we take it across the U.S.; QSRs, table service, as well as retail. 2018 into 2019, we start to globalize it in the likes of Spain, UK, and across Asia, again, with a focus on this combination of software that runs the business, plus the payment, plus at the back end of that, Xenial analytics, Xenial reporting, Xenial e-mail marketing. All these things are on the table and being, worse case, tested at a live restaurant in the U.S., going live in terms of the analytics products as we speak, as I think Jeff announced in the prepared comments, in the United States, with the analytics products also going out across the world in late 2018. So, pause for a moment to summarize, Xenial's a big play for us on global cloud-based software to help run restaurants, whether you're talking about small proprietors or enterprise-level, it will take us further upstream. Yes.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Awesome. Thanks.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe follow on the European strategy very broadly, Jeff. Maybe comment on, as you think about expanding Europe beyond the product side, on the geography side, how you're thinking about the idea of expanding organically into more countries versus additional JVs, and whether you're seeing any kind of changes in kind of asset pricing in that market?
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Jim. So, look, I think expanding by way of additional JVs is obviously something we're very comfortable with. Certainly in Continental Europe, we've got a great history of doing that with both Caixa in Spain and Erste, which David just described, which is based in Vienna, but that business is in four other countries in Continental Europe. I think, given the size of our business, and I know we've talked about this quite a bit in the past, Jim. Given the size of our business, I almost always prefer to find a partner. We think that we're very good at bringing sales, product, additional distribution technologies, operating infrastructure. But let's be honest, we're not resident in these markets that we're not in, and somebody else is. As Paul used to say when we did the partnership with HSBC in Asia, at the time, HSBC had been there for 150 years; we've been there for a day. So in that context, I think it's important to understand that our partners bring a lot to us, and we couldn't be more pleased with how those are going. I will say that sometimes we have detours. So for example, our partnership with Erste, Erste is based in Vienna. For a lot of historical reasons, they don't have an existing portfolio of acquiring in Austria. We've been working with them for some time on expanding our services de novo and organically from the Czech Republic, which is the largest market we have with them organically, Jim, into Austria, which is something we're planning on doing. I think that's a bit of an exception that kind of proves the rule, because it's unusual to find someone in their home market where they don't have an existing book of business. That's not typically how we would approach it. But I think when you step back and you look at the trend in all of our markets, particularly Europe since you asked about it, if you think about PSD2; if you think about SEPA, which, obviously, is behind us; if you think about GPDR (sic) [GDPR] (1:01:15), which is a privacy regulation that also goes into effect in 2018; if you just think about EMV and PCI, these are the things that are driving our potential partners to come toward us, before you even get to, how much technology can you bring by way of cross-sell from Realex in e-com and omnis from Caixa, in DCC additional products and everything else. So, those things will continue to accelerate, Jim, so we're not seeing any shortage of opportunities in our geographies, including Europe. We prefer to do those by way of partnership, just the bang for the buck of doing it. But we find someone like Erste, who wants us to go de novo into Austria, obviously, it's something we're going to look at.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thanks. And then, maybe just as a quick follow-up, following on your comments on the Vista portfolio, kind of any big game hunting you're doing in terms of that portfolio? Can you maybe characterize the pipeline? And also the relative yield at which some of those portfolios might come on, would that be net accretive to your kind of corporate yield on the portfolios?
Cameron M. Bready - Global Payments, Inc.: Yeah, Jim. It's Cameron. I'll maybe touch on that momentarily. I would say Vista has a variety of different companies in their portfolio; some very large and some that are not particularly large. I would say most of them are interesting in some form or fashion for us and we're looking at really every portfolio company they have that has a sort of direct-to-consumer relationship and would require some sort of payment technology expertise. Most of their businesses do, some do not, but we're obviously hashing through that portfolio today. As it relates to the economics, I would say bringing in, and I'll use DealerSocket as example, they'll come in as a traditional integrated partner. So the economics of that relationship will work very similarly to other existing OpenEdge partners that we have today. We, obviously, think that is a premium product, the level of integration that we're able to drive that David articulated very nicely earlier, the value that brings to end-use customers as a premium product that warrants obviously a premium price from a market standpoint and the commercial relationship we have with DealerSocket to go-to-market is going to look and feel just like most of their relationships and structures that we have in place at OpenEdge today. So I would describe these as market deals. We're not getting and we don't look to the relationship with Vista to drive disproportionate economics through the commercial agreements we're able to strike with the portfolio of companies. And today, we're doing market-competitive deals with those entities, and we think our ability to partner with them, improve their overall product offering and deliver differentiated solutions is what's allowing us to win the day.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Thanks, Jim.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan - Global Payments, Inc.: Well, thank you for your interest in Global Payments, and we very much appreciate you joining us this morning. Thank you.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-01-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Isabel Janci - Vice President, Investor Relations Jeff Sloan - Chief Executive Officer David Mangum - President and Chief Operating Officer Cameron Bready - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank George Mihalos - Cowen Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Oscar Turner - SunTrust Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Steven Kwok - KBW Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Dave Koning - Baird
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Global Payments Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference call will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Isabel Janci. Please go ahead.
Isabel Janci: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2017 second quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements during the call speak only as of the date of this call and we undertake no obligation to update them. Some of the comments made on this call refer to non-GAAP measures such as adjusted net revenue and free cash flow, which we believe are more reflective of our ongoing performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measurer in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights both of which are available on the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you, Isabel and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. I am delighted to report the strong momentum we saw in the first quarter continued into the second quarter of fiscal 2017. Once again, we accelerated growth producing double-digit organic net revenue increases across nearly 90% of our businesses. Adjusted earnings per share grew 17% in the quarter. We also made significant progress on our Heartland integration efforts and are tracking ahead of plan in terms of expected synergy realization from the merger. Our North American business had an outstanding second quarter led by our U.S. direct sales channels, which generated low double-digit organic net revenue growth. This was driven by strength in OpenEdge, which again produced mid-teens growth and Heartland, which posted double-digit growth. We continue to operate exceptionally well delivering record sales months of Heartland, a testament to excellent sales and integration execution. In Europe, we generated strong local currency net revenue growth in the quarter led by double-digit organic growth in our United Kingdom and Spanish businesses. The UK produced its strongest quarter in years driven by increased tourism and strength in our e-commerce and omni-channel solutions business. While in Spain, we again saw market-leading volume and transaction growth. Lastly, our Asia-Pacific business had its best performance since I joined the company 7 years ago. Organic net revenue growth was mid-teens in the quarter driven by solid trends across most of our Asian markets. We saw double-digit growth in our Greater China markets, India and the Philippines. Ezidebit once again contributed significantly to results in the region with over 20% organic growth this quarter. In addition to our strong core growth around the world, Heartland brings new opportunities to leverage our distinctive distribution capabilities and deliver differentiated solutions to merchants globally. Just this past quarter, we sold our payment solution to a large Canadian university that was a softer customer of our campus solutions business. Our Heartland sales team sold and boarded its first merchant in Puerto Rico selling our payment solution in an entirely new market for Heartland. And we partnered with a vending systems integrator to distribute our unintended payment solutions throughout Asia. As we look to 2017 and beyond, we are focused on leveraging our combined platform to further advance the technology-enabled distribution strategies we outlined at our last investor conference. We have now combined our integrated solutions with Heartlands vertical software to create a technology-enabled software-led distribution business. This allows us to expand our leadership position in integrated payments and to develop and distribute customizable, vertically fluid software solutions for customers worldwide. We expect to accelerate growth in both payment and software revenue in verticals with attractive fundamentals. In addition, our omni-channel solutions business remains a key growth driver of our strategy worldwide. In North America, we have integrated Heartlands e-commerce offering with Realex to create market-leading omni-channel capabilities. In Europe, we continue to build on the strength of the Realex platform with bundled omni-channel solutions deployed in the United Kingdom and Spain and further plan to enter Central Europe to our Erste joint venture. Lastly, in Asia, we will leverage our global e-commerce capabilities to expand the scope of our omni-channel solutions across that market. While we continue to expand our offerings, our performance this quarter demonstrates the ongoing success of this strategy across all of our regions. This is one of the strongest quarters we have ever reported and I am very proud of our performance in every region in which we operate. I am particularly pleased with the teams ability to drive strong results across our businesses, while focusing on expense synergies and laying the groundwork for continued expansion and revenue enhancement opportunities. Now I will turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff and good morning everyone. I am particularly pleased with our ongoing execution which enabled us to deliver a record second quarter, while at the same time making considerable progress further integrating Heartland. Total company net revenue for the second quarter was $817 million, a 58% increase over fiscal 2016. Adjusted earnings per share, was $0.89 reflecting growth of 17% or 22% on a constant currency basis. Operating margin for the quarter were 29.5%. On a constant currency basis, operating margin was 30%, representing a 50 basis point increase year-over-year. Our North America segment grew net revenue by 85% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016 and operating margin expanded 150 basis points despite the inclusion of Heartland, which has a lower margin profile relative to Global Payments historical levels. Margin expansion was principally a result of business mix and the realization of expense synergies from the Heartland merger. We are delighted with the progress of our integration efforts. Our superior execution has allowed us to integrate the business faster than we expected and accelerate expense synergies. As a result, we now expect total annual run-rate expense synergies from the transaction to be approximately $135 million, an increase of $10 million compared to our prior target. Normalized organic net revenue growth in our U.S. direct sales channels, calculated as if we owned Heartland in both this period and in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 was double-digits for the quarter surpassing our expectations and accelerating sequentially from the first quarter. This was primarily driven by our combined Heartland sales channel, which generated double-digit organic growth in our integrated solutions business, which produced another quarter of mid-teens growth. As we mentioned last quarter, we have fully integrated legacy Global Payments and Heartland direct sales forces in the U.S. in our operating as a combined channel under the Heartland model. On a normalized basis, this combined distribution channel produced low double-digit net revenue growth in the second quarter of fiscal 2017. Although we do not have exact figures for the legacy Global Payments and legacy Heartland businesses as the channels are now combined, we estimate each grew low double-digits organically compared to their respective performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. This represents a sequential acceleration from the high single-digit growth we estimated for both legacy businesses in the first quarter. Canada again, delivered solid performance with low single-digit growth in local currency consistent with our expectations. The Canadian dollar remained a headwind in the quarter, albeit less severe than we experienced in 2016. Our European business performed exceptionally well this quarter delivering 18% net revenue growth on a local currency basis. Reported net revenue growth for Europe was 6% compared to the prior year due to significantly unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the pound, which declined nearly 20% year-over-year. Local currency net revenue growth in Europe was primarily driven by low double-digit organic growth in the United Kingdom and Spain as well as the addition of the Erste joint venture. European operating margin of 46.7% declined from the previous year as expected due primarily to integration cost associated with the Erste transaction and the impacts of foreign currency. Our integration of the Erste joint venture remains on track and we expect it to be largely complete in the first half of calendar 2017. As Jeff mentioned, Asia-Pacific had an outstanding quarter with 24% net revenue growth and operating margins of 29.6%, an increase of over 200 basis points year-over-year. Growth in Asia-Pacific was primarily driven by mid-teens organic growth in the region as well as the addition of eWAY. Excluding Heartland integration costs, we generated free cash flow of approximately $170 million this quarter. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations less capital expenditures in distributions to non-controlling interest. Capital expenditures totaled $42 million for the quarter. In addition, since the date of our last call, we have reduced outstanding debt by approximately $50 million and repurchased 1.5 million shares for $105 million. A portion of the share repurchase was funded withdraws on our revolving credit facility, which we expect to repay in the first quarter of calendar 2017 with proceeds from the planned sales leaseback of our Jeffersonville service center. Our board recently increased our share repurchase authorization capacity to $300 million. In late October, we refinanced our existing debt facilities increasing our aggregate term loan A facilities by $750 million with the proceeds being used to reduce a portion of the term loan B facility in outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings. In December, we entered into an additional $250 million notional amount interest rate swap bringing our total hedge position to $1 billion. We plan to execute additional hedges in 2017 to further reduce our exposure to the interest rates as we leg into our targeted hedge position of 40% to 50%. As you are aware, we have changed our fiscal year end to December 31 and our first fiscal year on a calendar year basis began on January 1, 2017. Consequently, today we are providing our outlook for calendar 2017. We expect calendar 2017 net revenue to range from $3.35 billion to $3.45 billion, reflecting growth of 18% to 21% over our estimate of calendar 2016 net revenue, which includes approximately 200 to 300 basis points of foreign currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis, net revenues are expected to be in the range of $3.425 billion to $3.525 billion, which represents growth of 20% to 24% over our estimates of calendar 2016 net revenues. Operating margin is expected to expand by up to 90 basis points. Excluding the effects of foreign currency, we expect operating margin to expand by up to 140 basis points. We expect adjusted earnings per share to range from $3.70 to $3.90 reflecting growth of 16% to 23% over our calendar 2016 adjusted earnings per share estimate. This outlook includes approximately 500 basis points of foreign currency headwinds primarily associated with the British pounds, euro and Canadian dollar. On a constant currency basis, we expect adjusted earnings per share to range from $3.85 to $4.05, which represents growth of 21% to 27% over our calendar 2016 estimate. Notably, our calendar 2017 expectation represents annualized growth of approximately 17% relative to our last fiscal 2017 guide or approximately 20% on a constant currency basis. As a reminder, on our fiscal 2016 Q4 earnings call in July, we provided an early preview of calendar 2016 expectations based on fiscal 2016 currency rates. On this same currency basis, our current guide for calendar 2017 is well in excess of these ranges for both net revenues and adjusted earnings per share, which reflects the strong momentum we see in the business. We expect to use the majority of our free cash flow this year to support debt reduction and to be near the high-end of our targeted leverage ratio of 3x to 3.5x by the end of calendar 2017 consistent with our expectation when we announced the Heartland deal in December 2015. As is customary, our outlook for 2017 also includes only share repurchases we have completed to-date and does not assume incremental repurchases. With respect to the more detailed assumptions that underlies this outlook, we expect North America net revenue to grow in excess of 20% in calendar 2017 relative to our estimate for calendar 2016, including FX headwinds from the Canadian dollar. This reflects our expectation that our combined U.S. direct business will generate organic growth in the high single-digits. It also reflects revenue enhancement targets stemming from the Heartland merger that we expect to contribute roughly 50 basis points of growth in calendar 2017. Canadian net revenue growth assumptions remained in the low single-digits in local currency. We expect North America operating margin to expand as we anticipate realizing operating efficiencies and synergies from the Heartland merger throughout the year. In Europe, we expect net revenue on a constant currency basis to grow in the mid-teens, including the impact of the Erste transaction. FX headwinds in Europe, especially the British pound, are forecasted to impact net revenues meaningfully resulting in expected reported growth in the mid single-digits. Operating margin in Europe is expected to decrease in calendar 2017 primarily due to the impacts of foreign currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis, operating margins in Europe are expected to expand slightly. Asia-Pacific is expected to deliver U.S. dollar net revenue growth in the low double-digits. Operating margin is expected to expand in calendar 2017 as we continue to improve our scale in this market. Our effective tax rate for calendar 2017 is projected to approach 28%. In connection with our integration efforts, we had identified planting opportunities for the combined business that we expect to generate ongoing savings which will materialize in our effective tax rate going forward. Our diluted weighted average share count is expected to be approximately 155 million. We anticipate that we will invest approximately $160 million in capital expenditures in calendar 2017. We are extremely pleased with the record performance we achieved in the second quarter. Importantly, we have also made significant progress with our integration positioning us to exceed our original target for run-rate expense synergies from the merger. As we begin 2017, we remain enthusiastic about our ability to maintain the positive momentum in our business, which is obviously reflective in our outlook for the year. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Cameron. We are delighted with our second quarter results and the substantial progress we have made in integrating Heartland. Our team across the world continued to perform very well and as we look towards calendar 2017, we remain focused on continuing our track record of superior execution in generating strong returns for our shareholders. Isabel?
Isabel Janci: Before we begin our question-and-answer sessions, I would like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Glenn Greene: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Very nice quarter.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Glenn.
Glenn Greene: So first maybe Jeff, I mean, obviously, I heard sort of the specific commentary related to our Heartland in terms of the costs revenue synergies whatnot, but just talk a little bit more qualitatively about how the integration is going a little bit more on the sales progress, whats allowing you to increase the cost synergy target and it did sound like you included at this point 50 basis points within the revenue guidance?
Jeff Sloan: Hey, Glenn. Its Jeff, Ill start and I will ask David and Cameron to join thereafter. So we have been partners with Heartland at this point for 6 months since from the close  since the date of November. I would tell you probably 5 to 6 months I believe were record new sales at Heartland. I think we have been successful in doing what we do in our partnership, because as we have done with the Ezidebit, APT and PayPros really enabling the people who are best suited to continue the acceleration of their business to go ahead and do that without interference from us here in Atlanta. And I think thats really not different at Heartland than it was at Ezidebit, APT and PayPros. And of course, those new sales are now translating into revenue in calendar 2017. I think we are focused on what we think we can do best here at corporate, which is enabling cross sales into additional regions around the world, which we described I think now in the last three calls as well as providing a consistent, stable technology and operating environment for the whole company, but in particular, for Heartland. David, do you want to talk a little bit more some of the...
David Mangum: Yes, Jeff, Id be happy to. I mean, I can amplify that a little bit Glenn, again when you look around, I would start by saying that the sales leadership that was in place when we executed the merger is still in place. We have moved some things around. We have actually restructured a little bit, but thats all as a platform for the next phase of growth. So, the same leaders in place as you would expect, by the way, thats our track record around the world as you know whether you are in the UK or Asia, you run into a local leader who knows the markets and then we enable cross sales, we enable synergies, we enable consistency of service levels, thats what we do best, so really happy with the team. They are making great progress as you have already heard from some of the sales and Jeffs prepared comments, really good progress around the world. That all resulted in 10% transaction growth for Heartland between the holiday period and far more than that with e-commerce. E-commerce was much, much higher than that, but all in that was a really nice number for the peak holiday period. In addition, just in the period we have owned Heartland, that sales team has delivered low-teen sales growth, record months, month after month, as Jeff noted, so really happy with the trajectory. But dont miss the fact that beyond that, we are selling leads that they generate abroad. We have closed a lead in the UK. We closed Heartlands first deal in Puerto Rico. And also dont miss the fact that its beyond just that sales force, right. Its also the TouchNet Campus Solutions where we sold a deal in Canada just this past quarter. To an existing software customer we sold them Global Payments payment solutions. And then obviously at Heartland, commerce continues to make great progress in Canada as well where we are selling our gift platform to Canadian customers of Global Payments as well as Canadian customers of our dealers. So, all-in really good momentum starts with the fact that its an integration strategy matter. We wanted to keep the team in place and better equip them to sell more and all thats working just as planned right now.
Cameron Bready: Hey, Glenn. Its Cameron. I will wrap up maybe just spend a moment on the expense side of the equation. As David highlighted and I think I have said before, our priority from an integration point of view has always been not to disrupt the sales momentum in the business and I think we have done a particularly good job of that as we work through the last 7 or 8 months since closing the transaction in April. On the expense side, we have identified incremental opportunities relative to what we assumed going into the transaction, particularly in the area of corporate support functions. As I noted in my prepared remarks, we also have identified some tax planning initiatives between the two companies that we think will yield some tax benefits that flow through the effective tax rate. We have also identified incremental savings in our operating environment. So, we have been able to leverage as we look to combine operating centers here in the U.S. and continue to leverage our offshore in the Philippines. So from our point of view, again, we have raised our overall synergy run-rate targets to $135 million from the prior $125 million. A lot of the technology integration work is still in front of us. I think we remain optimistic about our ability to realize obviously the synergies that we have targeted in that area, but much of that work is still yet to come, but sitting here today, I think we are pretty enthusiastic about where we sit.
Glenn Greene: And Cameron, a little bit different direction but a segue so the North American margin performance was up 160 basis points and as you suggested that it has some margin dilution actually from Heartland. But could you talk about whats sort of happening with North America profitability, I think its two quarters in a row where you sort of significantly beat our expectations? And I want to get a sense for the core GPN North America ex-Heartland and then how much is coming from synergies?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Glenn, its hard to disaggregate the synergy expansion to each individual driver. I will talk about it more from a macro point of view and then share a little bit of color around just how the underlying business had performed, but I think also obviously contributes to the results we have seen. So as we look at the core business, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our estimate for Heartland growth in the quarter on an organic basis in the direct sales channel was roughly low double-digits, so think about as kind of 11%, 12%. Legacy GPN, we also view as being in the low double-digits in the quarter as well, probably 10%, 11% this quarter, both accelerating sequentially from the first quarter. When those businesses  those direct sales businesses, which are higher margin businesses are growing at that pace, thats obviously going to contribute to margin expansion in a fairly meaningful way. In addition to that, our technology led businesses in the U.S., our integrated business as well as our software-driven businesses at Heartland, Heartland commerce, campus solutions, school solutions each of those grew either high single, low double in the quarter as well. Those are higher margin businesses. They are also contributing to the margin expansion we saw in the quarter. And then lastly, synergies are naturally an important driver of margin expansion in the business. They help us to absorb the margin degradation that we obviously have assumed with Heartland coming in at a lower margin. But the growth we have seen in the business has helped offset some of that to a large degree coupled with our ability to realize expenses in the quarter has driven that certainly what we view to be fairly attractive margin expansion for the North American business.
Glenn Greene: Great. Thanks a lot.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. When we think about that organic growth in North America, I think it was high single-digits, the direct business in the first quarter and then obviously it accelerated to the low double-digits. I guess, what can you point to that cause that acceleration? And when you look at the guidance it looks like you guys are believing it will go back down or decelerate back to the high single-digits, which is still a good growth rate, but just want to understand the dynamics there?
Jeff Sloan: Hey, Bryan, its Jeff. I will start off and I will ask Cameron to join me. So I would say really its a continuation of the trend of strengthening of that business. As Cameron mentioned to Glenn, our higher growth, higher margin businesses both at legacy global and also at Heartland are accelerating. So when those businesses are already growing north of the market continue the rates of growth at better margin opportunities, you are naturally going to see higher rates of growth in North America really led by as we said in our prepared remarks, lead by OpenEdge, which 4.5 years after we closed that transaction in APT produced another mid-teens quarter. In many of the Heartland businesses, Heartland Payments, but also as Cameron said school, campus, Heartland commerce etcetera. So, I think its really the businesses continue to hit their stride. As David mentioned, we have record sales months at Heartland. While that doesnt translate in general to immediate revenue acceleration, it does over the cycle of course. And now that its been 6 months since we closed the Heartland transaction, our expectation is that they continue to see the benefits of that partnership in our rates of revenue growth. There is really no deceleration expectation into calendar 2017. As you know, our models that we have been articulating certainly since our Investor Day in October 15 and updated in December 15 post the announcement of our partnership with Heartland is high single-digits organic growth. So, I would read into, gee, you produced the 11 and 12 and now you are saying high single-digits any other Bryan than a reiteration of what our model is over the cycle. Obviously, we are giving guidance here on January 9 for all of calendar 17. As you know, with our history, its important for us to make sure we are in the trajectory heading into the calendar year.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, did the Mercury migration still impact results? And when does, if you could quantify that, when does that officially anniversary going forward? Thanks and congrats on the super quarter.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Bryan.
Cameron Bready: Sure. Thanks, Bryan. Its Cameron. I will jump in on that. So, Mercury did impact obviously the quarter as it relates to reported net revenue. Our ISO or wholesale business was down low double-digits again this quarter similar to Q1 as we have not yet annualized the anniversary of Mercury migrating off. That will happen really at the end of the first quarter of calendar 2017. So at that point, I would expect it to no longer be a headwind to growth. Obviously, we have clearly grown through that from an earnings point of view. Its really a revenue optic issue that we have been managing through here over the last 9 months or so since they really migrated off of us, so that we anniversary at the end of the first quarter of Q1. At that point, we would expect the wholesale business in calendar 17 beyond that point to essentially be flat to maybe down slightly as we have been guiding for the last couple of years.
Bryan Keane: Okay, super. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Bryan.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Mihalos of Cowen. Your line is now open.
George Mihalos: Great, thanks and congrats on another nice quarter guys. Wanted to start off on the U.S. business as well and just looking at the 50 basis points of enhancement from Heartland, is that all cross-sell or is there some pricing thats built into that? And I am just wondering broadly in the U.S., is it macro that feels better to you or do you just think that you are executing better and thats what coming in through the numbers?
David Mangum: Yes. George, I will start. This is David and let the other guys chime in. In back half of your question, I would say its not macro. We think its actually very good execution and very well positioned businesses. When we are tech-led as we are software-enabled we think we are in the right spot. You will find other competitors talking about just beginning to think about entering the integrated space right now. Obviously we are 5 years into that process and really still continuing to grow great there. So, I would look to good execution, a good combination of assets and obviously, cross-sell is helping us drive enhanced growth beyond what one might expect from the space. In terms of your direct question about revenue synergies for the year driving the kinds of numbers that Cameron quoted in his prepared comments, there are really a couple of categories. There is some new products of rolling out based on the combined technologies. There is also sort of some new sales strategies and then finally their economic enhancements. I will talk about each for just a moment. Couple of new projects are our insights products, which is high level analytics where we can combine our payments information with customer information for a restaurant and our commerce business as well as our payments business to give small to medium-sized customers exactly what we talked about in our Analyst Day 1.5 years ago which is the same abilities that their much larger competitors have to take data  to take new versus repeat customers and total visits and sales volumes and day park sales and things like that and analyze that and drive that into marketing campaigns and loyalty campaigns. There is a new lending with series of products we are bringing out as well that we are re-enabling for the sales force of Heartland now making it much easier for the reps to sell without marketing campaigns and some new technologies. So thats all new revenue growth that wasnt in the combined basis before. When I talk about new sales strategies, I will give you one example of that, which is really an inside sales strategy we have just initiated over the past few months with the sales force based out of Heartland and thats the ability to go chase white spaces that Heartland never chased in the past. So, Heartland has traditionally and rightfully been focused on towns and cities and metropolitan areas as we spread our 1,500 reps around the country. There is a lot of business in between those spaces that we can chase with inside sales and either turn that over to a face to face rep, close it ourselves turn into a lead, etcetera, etcetera, so nice numbers, they can come out of that over time, selling in between Cincinnati and Columbus, for example, instead of just adding Columbus metro areas. Its a really nice stuff there. And then finally, its really I would call it the area of sort of economic enhancements and really what we are doing there we will not price for prices sake. We are matching economics the way we create real value for customers. We believe the combination of Global Payments and Heartland provides world-class service on an industry leading infrastructure. We ought to be able to be compensated for that. Its pretty simple. So we have kicked off certain initiatives with the sales team to ensure we are compensated where we are providing high-value and incremental value beyond what the market provides to our customers. Possible examples of that includes maybe the types of reporting we provide, recognizing the value of this extensive compliance infrastructure that we at, Global Payments, have built over these past few years and then the high touch customer service we operate in and out of our Jeffersonville facility. Really what we are just ensuring is that we match our economics to the value creation and the investments we have made. So, all those things would add up into the revenue synergy commentary that Cameron provided.
George Mihalos: Great. Appreciate that. And just as a quick follow-up maybe on the M&A side you guys talked a lot about software and some of your software-led solutions. Should we expect Global to be more acquisitive on the software point-of-sale front?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, George. Its Jeff. What I would say is its really an extension of our technology enabled distribution discussion that we have been having since really our October 15 Analyst Day. I think that our perspective is, as we said in the Analyst Day, thats our third of the companys revenues generating the vast majority of its growth. I think we have been very successful as we discussed on todays release over a period of multiple years. With that strategy, we have made progress as Cameron described, with our partners at Heartland in bringing some of their nonpayment specific, but technology enabled related businesses to grow far faster than the market. And thats something we think is a key theme heading over the next period of time in our cycle. So, I would say yes to your question, but I really view it as a subset that technology-enabled discussion that we have been having since October 2015. If we can find businesses that are in our sweet spot, George, they are growing at 2x to 3x the rate of the market rate of growth at very attractive margins north of where we are trading, north of where we are operating and we have been going to accelerate those with what we do not just in the United States but globally, those are pretty good positions for us to be in.
David Mangum: Maybe if I could put a finer point on that too, Jeff. George, if we can find technology businesses that look like OpenEdge or campus or commerce, so cloud-based SaaS solutions where we can innovate in a defined vertical market, provide software-enabled solutions as well as commerce solutions and payment solutions. Thats very attractive as in a place where software and payment solutions compliment each other. So, I would maybe say its not as simple as we are looking for point-of-sale software companies. We are looking for places where software naturally drives payments and payments naturally drives software where they compliment each other and we can drive enhanced growth the way Jeff described it.
George Mihalos: That makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, George.
David Mangum: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Good morning, Jeff, David, Cameron.
Jeff Sloan: Good morning.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: My congratulations for the results as well. I want to ask about the political assumptions that you guys are making, I guess, both on the Brexit front or the impact, not just limited to FX, there is more discussion about the possible downturn in the UK economy in the near-term and then Trump assumptions here in the U.S. Any preliminary comments about how you are planning for potential changes in tax rate, maybe regulation interchange, repatriation and things like that?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Ashwin, its Jeff. I will start off. So, let me take the second point first, because the U.S., of course, represents two-thirds of the revenue of the company. As I said over the last number of months since the election, there is really nothing but good news coming out of the U.S. economy and the political environment here in the United States in the immediate to near-term. Our business as we have just described in our second quarter and David was alluding to a few minutes ago our business is experiencing very good growth and very good margins with very low attrition and thats all prior to the election. And David also gave a description of our experience during the holiday season at Heartland. So, I really dont think that there is anything in the election in the United States for two-thirds of business, which is anything but help our view of where our business is going, especially with targeted economy and getting GDP to grow more quickly in a stable environment. So we are performing very well before that. I think we continue to see indications as we suggested in our guidance that we will continue to see that. So I am very confident in our business here in the United States. People, for example, have asked about touching Durban post the election. As we said many times, I think any change to interchange up or down generally is good news for our business. Obviously, our markets are highly competitive and those all dissipate over periods of time, but we have a lot of experience, for example, with the networks of touching pricing initiatives twice a year across most of our markets. So up or down, there is really no difference in many of the things that we see perhaps on some of the regulatory reforms than we have seen before in other elements of our business. As it relates to Brexit, I think Cameron said its exactly right in our prepared remarks, we probably have one of the best performances we have ever had across Europe, in particular, in the United Kingdom and of course, also Spain, but for purposes of Brexit in the United Kingdom, we also had a very good experience in our omni-channel solutions as Cameron also described based in Ireland, which is part of EU and not real X. So I think as we look at our business, we havent seen any impact, in fact, quite the opposite we performed quite nicely in our UK and European EU related businesses since the June 23 vote and the like. So its really been a story of FX to the point that you made around the euro and around the pound.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And just a separate question completely, I guess, are you seeing different trends between integrated payments versus software enablement, so any relative pros and cons to actually owning the software versus integrating?
David Mangum: Yes, Ashwin, its David. I think what we see with both these businesses is properly positioned and properly executed. You have got really nice growers. As Cameron pointed out another quarter of mid-teens growth from OpenEdge, really nice double-digit and mid-teens growth from our key TouchNet software and other campus solutions assets, so we like the characteristics. I think what you will see us do is continue to look at the right way to serve verticals and go deeper by marrying technology to payments. So, in many cases, thats partnering like in OpenEdge with this amazing degree of integration we provide to multiple verticals than the campaign management managing the partner base. In other verticals we are going to look closely and say wow, the integration is so tight between the software and the payments and this is a vertical thats not competitive anywhere else in our space. So, why dont we think about pursuing the entire vertical ourselves and own the entire technology stack, thats what campus does, thats what we do in commerce. Each of which has zero over level OpenEdge. So you can see we have the opportunity to blank at the United States vertical by vertical, customizable flexible solutions and then uniquely unlike anyone else in the space globalize the same solutions, take them abroad with our technology infrastructure and our unique sales reach.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. Thank you, guys. Congratulations again.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Oscar Turner of SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Oscar Turner: Good morning. Congrats on a strong quarter.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Oscar.
Oscar Turner: So just to follow-up to one of the answers from a previous question, could you quantify the potential runway to upside from pricing to Heartland portfolio to value?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Oscar, its Cameron, I will jump in. I would say sitting here today, I would leverage off the comments we made when we announced the Heartland transaction back in December of 2015. At that time, we talked about 1% to 2% revenue enhancement opportunity coming from the merger over time. Obviously, the revenue side takes a little longer to scale as opposed to the expense side where you can start taking out cost fairly quickly and we have been able to I think do that very effectively since closing on the transaction in April. On the revenue enhancement side, sitting here today, we have targeted 50 basis points of expansion in our calendar 2017 guide. I view that as the foundation. Obviously, as we work towards the 1% to 2% we talked about back in December of 2015, which would represent about $30 million to $60 million of incremental revenue coming from these enhancement opportunities that David described earlier. I will just reiterate something he said and I think is very important, this is not pricing for pricing sake, this is obviously cross-selling between our various distribution channels both domestically, internationally, its new product, its a digital enhancement to our customers and its ensuring again that we are paid and compensated appropriately for the level of value service and capability that delivering to our customers through our combined business.
Oscar Turner: Okay, thanks. And then the second question, you guys spoke a bit about some of the rest of world initiatives focused on the integrated channel. I was just wondering if you could provide some color on the size and penetration levels of the integrated opportunities in Europe and Asia and how do those compare to the integrated market in the U.S.?
David Mangum: Yes, Oscar, its David. I am going to broadly answer the integrated question and suggest to you that we have substantial opportunities as we have enabled more and more platforms to sell fully integrated solutions across Europe and Asia. That includes something in Jeffs prepared comments, which is taking our micro-payments, unattended payment technology services around the world we are distributing that in Asia right now through a systems integrator. In addition, Heartland commerce, our restaurant hospitality SaaS-based integrated software solution can be sold all across Asia and all across Europe. We are enabling payment platforms to work with those folks as well and TouchNet, the software solution that powers campus solution is enabled for Puerto Rico, Canada and shortly UK and Asia. We are actually investing in a sales force in Europe and in Asia to resell that combined campus solutions commerce solution of Global Payments payments with Heartland software in the campus area and in fact, the next month or so, we should enable them selling that actively, so really good progress there. I think your question maybe about the integrated solutions globalization projects we kicked off about 1 year, 1.5 years ago we talked about the Analyst Day that continues to make great progress. So we have over 60 partners signed in Canada. We also have a number of partners signed in the UK. We are exploring broader integration, broadening that to Asia. In addition, we have taken U.S. based partners in the UK and Canada. We actually have delivered over 1,000 merchants in Canada and the UK by an OpenEdge globalization, which may not sound like an enormous amount in the greater context of Global Payments, but each of these singles adds up to enhanced growth around the world and thats just the beginning of taking integrated payments around the world. As you can tell from my comments earlier about the vertical software married to the OpenEdge globalization strategy.
Oscar Turner: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey, good morning. Good acceleration here. Just on the two questions. Asia-Pac is running above trend now, a couple of quarters, well above trend. So you are guiding above I think your cycle guidance, which was high single-digits, so are you more confident in your distribution or is the market growth just maybe better than you thought?
Jeff Sloan: Hey, Tien-tsin, its Jeff, Ill start. No, I think we are more confident in our execution, distribution strategy. So I certainly think that there is likely going to be some benefit heading forward as we annualized some of the macro issues that we had in Greater China. But even before we did, I think you alluded this in your question, this is probably the third quarter in a row where we are seeing very good performance not just of course at Ezidebit where we are a good partner for about 2.5 years now, but in what we called business as usual Asia, which is Asia ex-Australia and New Zealand. This quarter, in particular, we singled out Greater China, India and the Philippines, of course, outside of Australia and New Zealand. So, I would say its better distribution strategies, better execution in technologies, better product environments, for example, I think we are the only payment services technology company thats enabled Apple Pay. In all the markets, Apple Pay is around the world. We obviously, as you know, have a common technological and operational infrastructure for almost all of our markets, including in particular in this conversation for Asia, especially the new Asia. Our partnership, which is now 1.5 year old with  back in the Philippine Islands is performing quite nicely and one of the fastest GDP growth economies in Asia, the Philippines where you now have 28% or second largest market share in that country. So I think Tien-tsin, its the aggregation of all those factors. If you like to think that the market itself will continue to accelerate and make it easier for us and I think we are hopeful thats the case, particularly across Greater China, but what I would say though is I think it really is a team out there who has done a fantastic job probably in the last three quarters in a row of helping to take our business where it really hasnt been the last 7 years.
Cameron Bready: And Tien-tsin, its Cameron, I will just add. On top of that, we have certainly improved scale in that business over the course of time. I think revenue in Asia since the end of fiscal 14 is up probably 75%. So if you are thinking about the business we are operating today, we have diversified distribution outside of kind of the Greater China market, those businesses tend to be growing at faster rates than even our Greater China businesses. We have created a much more scalable platform in that market. And I would certainly think what you have seen in Q1 and Q2 is the headwinds we saw in the Greater China markets back in fiscal 16 obviously have dissipated. We are seeing a more normalized macroeconomic environment that coupled with I think fantastic execution from our team there has really created a more optimistic outlook for what we can deliver in calendar 2017.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay, thats great and thats all good to know. So just my second question on the Heartland acceleration there, can you specify, is that coming more from the core merchant business or in the non-card variety both in revenue and new sales? Thanks.
David Mangum: Yes, Tien-tsin, its David. I will give you some business probably like Cameron answer any direct math question, but I am not authorized to do that. So I point you back to a couple of things. One is we continue to post record sales month, so thats the core based merchant sales force which you are familiar, but I would point out, that merchant sales base is increasingly selling technology-enabled solutions. They are directly involved in each Heartland commerce sales and also involved in selling these add-on and cross-sell products. We are talking about each of which adds more value and more technology to our customers, but we are seeing consistent low-teen sales performance. As I said earlier, we had really nice double-digit transaction growth in the holiday period, much faster e-comm growth, so that core base is performing very, very well. And then the more integrated channels, the software-led technology-enabled channels, campus solutions and schools are both performing at double-digit or high single-digit levels led by TouchNet software, which is in its own mid-teens. And then of course, that obviously is bundled in or at least in terms conceptually bundled in for us with the rest of our tech solutions, the tech-enabled double-digit growers, mid-teens growers like OpenEdge. So really nice business performance across what you might think of as both sides of the Heartland channel, the traditional 1,500 sales folks as well as the tech-enabled software-led solutions in commerce school and campus.
Cameron Bready: And Tien-tsin, its Cameron. I will just add a little bit of color around the math side of it as we talked about before clearly the Heartland sort of payment side of the business. As we talked about, our estimate was it grew low double-digits this quarter, call it 11%, 12%, somewhere in that range which was acceleration relative to Q1. I would say, the collective software businesses that David described also accelerated slightly in Q1 to Q2. In aggregate, those businesses probably grew low double-digits as well led by again, campus and commerce and school also had a good quarter growing in the high single-digits. So Id say each of those businesses performed very well in the quarter and accelerated to some degree relative to their Q1 performance, which contributed to the overall Q2 results.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kwok of KBW. Your line is now open.
Steven Kwok: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Most of them have been answered already. Just following up on, I guess, two questions. One was just any early read into how December is doing given some of the, I would say, mixed retail sales numbers that we have been getting?
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Steven, I can tell you the high level December looks fine. It looks kind of down in the middle of fairway for us overall, particularly if you are asking about kind of the Heartland base that has that retail quick service restaurant and restaurant exposure. We think we have a solid sales month and solid transaction month.
Steven Kwok: Great. And then just around  are there any plans perhaps to hedge some of your FX and interest rate exposure, just wanted to see given both or the volatility around FX rates and then interest rates are expected to rise, just want to see your thoughts around that? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Hey, Steven, its Cameron. I will jump in there. On the FX side of the equation, we have talked about this a lot in the past and we were naturally hedged in, to some degree, in every market we operate in and around the world and that we have local denominated expenses associated primarily with our sales and distribution capabilities in markets. We dont do any sort of natural other hedging, excuse me, of FX exposures around the globe largely because we do the business as being a multinational business  part of being a multinational business is having foreign currency exposures. I think we took obviously a big amount of FX risk out of the business by virtue of executing the Heartland transaction which pivoted us from about 50-50 U.S. dollar to foreign currency exposure to roughly two-thirds U.S. dollar, which we think was a good thing for us to do in light of the strong dollar environment we have seen here over the last few years. But I wouldnt expect us to do derivative hedging of FX exposure around the globe. Again, we think thats just part of managing a multinational business. And we think the right way to operate the company more importantly is the way we are operating where a lot of the expense structure is U.S. dollar, because we are leveraging common technology and operating environments that are typically U.S. dollar driven, thats the most efficient way to operate and scale business like this. And I think thats the way we will continue to operate obviously going forward. On the interest rate side, as we talked about before, we did enter into an incremental interest rate hedge $250 million notional amount in December that brings our total hedge position today to about $1 billion represents about 22% of our variable rate exposure. We do anticipate entering into additional interest rate hedges in calendar 2017 such that between debt reduction and incremental hedges, I would expect as we are exiting calendar 2017 to be towards our targeted hedge ratio of about 40% to 50%. We think thats the right place for us to be as a business. As you can imagine, our outlook for calendar 2017 assumes underlying rates are going to rise, so that is already baked into our expectations for calendar 17 as well as us entering into incremental hedges as we work through that targeted hedge position.
Steven Kwok: Great. Thats helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to just kind of dig into a question and it really pertains to each geography but starting in North America, when we think about the growth which has consistently been above market, how much would you attribute to kind of incremental product sales at our existing clients versus share gains from competitors or even kind of taking share from your legacy wholesale business?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Dan, its Jeff, I will start. I will ask David to comment as well. What I would say is we probably have a 3 or 4-year history now of growing more quickly than the market and we also probably have a 3 or 4-year history on some of what we call our wholesale businesses like our ISO and direct businesses being relatively flat on a normalized basis and the margin environment speaks first in North America primarily United States, which is two-thirds of the company thats growing kind of mid single-digits call it 5% transactionally. Its kind of hard to separate product from new sales, because obviously what our sales folks are selling, particularly in some of our business units like Heartland but are also in OpenEdge and also in school and campus Heartland commerce, what they are selling are in many cases new products. What I would say is at this point, American Express, OptBlue, which is something we sell last time talking about probably a couple of years ago as, I dont know like, Cameron, probably double or triple anniversary at this point. So large, stepwise functions of products that really neatly shift the revenue curve in a certain direction either double or triple anniversary those at this point here in the United States, obviously, we do a lot of these things all the time, but in terms of looking for those kind of quantum leap things, we just posted, as Cameron said, 11% or 12% depending on how you calculate legacy Global, legacy Heartland, U.S. direct growth business, yes, as we double or triple anniversary, something like AmEx and OptBlue. So clearly the majority of what is driving the growth is just better sales execution targeted at more attractive end markets. As you know, here in the U.S., we are primarily SME-focused not just at OpenEdge but also at Heartland. And I think historically, thats been a very good place to be and I think going forward with some of the things that happened the last couple of quarters in the election and everything else, I think that will continue to be a very attractive place to be. So, new product sales are something we knew all the time, but as you can see from our performance this quarter and over the last year or so, we certainly dont need to see step-like functions for us to continue to grow at rates like we have been growing at the last period of time.
David Mangum: Yes, I think Dan, I agree with that first it is about taking market share not about cross-sells, maybe I will push it just a little bit, if the question is really particularly about strategic initiatives for brand new cross-sells whether thats Heartland in cross-selling Heartland technology or global payments technology across the Heartland base and then broadening that for initiatives like the OpenEdge initiative I commented on earlier to Oscars question, we are really just getting started on those. So you can see the beginnings of what we think can be the returns of that in the revenue enhancement guidance that Cameron set. Think ahead to 18, I am very confident these are going to be really meaningful numbers from 18 and beyond. We are planting seeds for all these cross-sells. We are planting seeds for these cross-sells right now. And in some ways, they are just getting started where what described is the way we run the business everyday. Its cross-sell. Its new products that we can sell in North America, then to UK, then to Asia as well. So, lots more to come I think over some period of time.
Dan Perlin: Okay. Yes. And I was just trying to figure out the  I mean, is the product portfolio still much bigger now than all these guys are going to market with it, thats just incrementally is driving a lot of business but it also is driving sales. It sounds like both but...
Jeff Sloan: I would say you have hit an important point there. So if you go back to I think we were answering to a previous question about our mix of businesses, so we were talking about technology enabled back certainly when we partnered with APT in 2012 and if you think back to October 15 Analyst Day we talked about tech-enabled being a third of the company driving 8% of revenue. We have got a bunch of our peers who have come out and said they hope to get in that business one day. I think its important to understand that more people increasingly are selling is less of the traditional wholesale like sales referrals that you asked is the beginning part of your question and more of the products and services that are really dedicated to technology-enabled sales that are distinctive distribution team. So I do think you are seeing some of that in our numbers. I would talk it up to good strategy and good execution rather than step-like functions in a product where I certainly think we are seeing the benefits of having made those investments over time.
Dan Perlin: Yes. I didnt mean to belittle the execution. I was just trying to make sure I understood. I got just a quick  the calendar year cost synergies, I didnt hear that number and can you just briefly update us in terms on what your plan is for filling out the stub period for us in the future for calendar numbers? Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, both good questions, Dan. I didnt you a specific estimate for realized synergies in calendar 2017, so you are right to pickup on that. My expectation is about $90 million of realized synergies in calendar 2017. So that will translate into an exit rate of about 110, from which we will scale from there as we get into calendar 2018 as we wrap up a lot of the technology work that will get us to that overall 135 run-rate target that we are now seeking as the company. Secondly, to your other question, we are going to fill out calendar 2016 results when we finalize our stub period audits, which we are in the midst of beginning right now and file our 10-K for the transition period, its a 10-K T, which we would expect to file towards the end of February or early March. That is a 10-K for the 7-month period from June 1 to December 31. Once we get that work done, we will fill out the calendars for 2016, so you can see obviously actual results for all of calendar 2016 as well as the quarterly distribution of results. Naturally, as you can tell from the growth rates we have given you today for our calendar 2017 guide you can back into our current estimate for calendar 2016 recognized thats based on 11 months of actual and 1 month of estimate for December as we are still in the process of closing those books.
Dan Perlin: Excellent. Thank you guys very much.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Dave Koning of Baird. Your line is now open.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey, guys. Nice job.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dave.
Dave Koning: Yes. I guess, two questions from Europe, I guess, first of all, just Spain and UK very strong this quarter. Can you just talk about in the UK we should see deceleration in the coming quarter just as you anniversary the interchange benefit, but Spain holds up strongly going forward, is that the right way to think about that?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, I think thats a fair way to think about it, Dave. We will anniversary or did anniversary the pricing benefits in December that came into effect in the UK. We are seeing good, strong fundamental performance in the UK as we talked about in our prepared comments, double-digit growth led by very strong transaction and volume growth in market, but we are going to anniversary those pricing benefits which will create a little of a headwind as we go into the beginning of the year. I would say, Spain, Q2, fantastic performance again building off of market leading transaction and volume trends and the execution there has been superb. Our partnership with Caixa remains I think the gold standard for bank-based JVs around the world and continues to perform exceptionally well. So as we go into Q1, I think we feel good about how we are positioned in Europe, which obviously gives rise to our guide for the calendar year. Obviously, thats going to be impacted fairly significantly by FX headwinds largely from the pound in Europe.
Dave Koning: Got it. And that really transitions into my second question. So when you say for calendar 17 reported mid single-digit growth in Europe and constant currency growth of mid-teens when you include the acquisition, is that still low double-digits on an organic constant currency basis?
Jeff Sloan: Its probably going to be high single is my estimate, Dave, for Europe. It did probably double-digit in Q2. But again, as we go into the year, I would say, our expectation is the region the segment is going to perform kind of at our cycle guidance which would be high single-digit growth organically. Obviously, our guidance reflects a range of possible outcomes around the variety of factors including growth. But I think our base case assumption going into the year is that the Europe produces high single-digit organic growth. You get a little bit of benefit from not having anniversarying the Erste joint venture until June. And then obviously that produces an overall mid-teens expectation that ends up being mid-single when you factor in the fairly significant decline in the pound and euro in particular as well as the check run.
Dave Koning: Yes, makes sense. Great. Thank you. Nice job.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dave.
Jeff Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining our call this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-10-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Isabel Janci - Vice President, Investor Relations Jeff Sloan - Chief Executive Officer Cameron Bready - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Mangum - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup George Mihalos - Cowen and Company Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Paul Condra - Credit Suisse David Togut - Evercore ISI Bob Napoli - William Blair Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, later we will open the lines for question and answers. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference call will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Isabel Janci. Please go ahead
Isabel Janci: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2017 first quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call, speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. To better conform with recent SEC guidance regarding the disclosure of non-GAAP measures, we now refer to cash operating margin and cash earnings as adjusted operating margin and adjusted earnings respectively. There has been no change to the calculation of these measures. Some of the comments made on this call refer to these and other non-GAAP measures such as adjusted net revenue and free cash flow, which we believe are more reflective of our on-going performance. For a full reconciliation of these and other non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning, and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Isabel and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are delighted to report a strong start to our fiscal 2017 continuing the positive momentum we have seen in our business. We accelerated organic growth across our key markets during the first quarter with particular strength in Heartland, OpenEdge, and our United Kingdom and Asia businesses. While delivering these results we also made substantial progress integrating Heartland and are ahead of our expectation in realizing synergies from the merger. For the first quarter, we delivered high single digit organic direct net revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share growth of 15% on a constant currency basis. We are also particularly pleased with our ability to expand operating margins in North America, which includes the addition of Heartland for the full quarter. Our North America businesses performed very well in the quarter led by our U.S. direct sales channels, which generated high single digit organic net revenue growth. This was primarily driven by strength in new sales of Heartland and OpenEdge, each of which accelerated sequentially. Further, Heartland achieved an all time new sales record in August, demonstrating continued momentum in that channel. In Europe, we generated strong local currency revenue growth in the first quarter, including double digit growth in our U.K. business, which accelerated from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Spain impressive results and we again saw double digit volume and transaction growth well in excess of the rate of market growth. We also continue to make strides advancing our e-commerce and omni solutions businesses in Europe and I am delighted to announce that we are now live with Realex in Spain. Our businesses in Continental Europe, including our joint venture with Erste Bank in central Europe that closed in early June performed in-line with our expectations. Lastly, Asias performance in the first quarter was exceptional. We accelerated organic net revenue growth to the low double digit, resulting in the highest rate of growth in this market in several quarters. Our traditional Asian markets performed very well and once again, our Ezidebit business contributed meaningfully to results in the region, with over 20% organic growth this quarter. Just five months into closing in our partnership with Heartland, weve established our go-to market strategy across distribution channels and verticals. Identified new opportunities to accelerate revenue growth and have begun rationalizing corporate support, operating and technology environment. The progress we have made demonstrates our continued relentless focus on execution, which positions us well to achieve synergy targets and importantly to drive a number of incremental growth initiatives. We are already realizing revenue enhancements to our various distributions channels here in the United States and abroad. In addition to the initial cost sales in Canada we discussed in July, we are now sharing sales leads from Heartland with all of our regions around the world. In the U.S. we have combined our traditional direct sales forces and have configured our platforms to be able to sell either Global Payments or Heartland Payment Solutions to new customers. We have also enabled both our campus solutions and Heartland commerce point of sale software products on Global Payments platforms in Canada opening up opportunities for new sales and the migration of existing Heartland Software customers to Global Payments. Finally, our investment enhancing our school solutions technology platform supported record payments volume growth and flawless execution during the peak school enrolment season. Given our extensive planning focus and strong execution we are also realizing expense synergies ahead of initial expectations. We have made significant progress of merging corporate functions consolidating facilities in operating centres and developing our future state technology architecture model for key systems across the combined organization. As part of its effort, we selected Heartlands Heartlands Jeffersonville facility as our go-forward US operating center and plan to close our Owings Mills facility by early calendar 2017. This allows us to leverage global payments worldwide, unified operating environment in the Jeffersonville facility to create a scalable world class service center to support our global operations. Lastly, we are completing migration plans to consolidate our technology environments to achieve our future state model, which is critical to achieving our full extent synergy expectations. Now I will turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Jeff and good morning everyone. We reported another quarter of strong financial performance while also making significant progress on our Heartland integration efforts in executing synergy plans ahead of expectations. Total company net revenue for the first quarter was $817 million, a 52% increase over the first quarter of Fiscal 2016. Operating margin was 29.5% or 29.9% on a constant currency basis consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.86 for the first quarter reflecting growth of 9% or 15% on a constant currency basis. Our North America segment grew net revenues by 79% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016 and operating margin expanded 80 basis points despite the inclusion of Heartland, which has a lower margin profile relative to Global Payments historical levels. We are particularly pleased with our ability to expand margins in North America as this is the first period that includes Heartland for the full quarter. Normalized organic net revenue growth in our U.S. direct sales channels calculated as if we owned Heartland in both this period and in the first quarter of Fiscal 2016 with high single digits for the quarter. This was primarily driven by our Heartland sales channel, which generated high single digit organic growth in OpenEdge which produced yet another quarter of mid-teens growth. Canada again delivered solid performance with low single digit growth in local currency consistent with our expectations. The Canadian dollar remained a headwind in the quarter, albeit less severe than we experienced in Fiscal 2016. Our European business performed very well this quarter delivering 11% net revenue growth on a constant currency basis. Reported growth for Europe was 2% compared to the prior year due to significantly unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the pound which declined nearly 14% year-over-year. Growth in Europe was primarily driven by low double digit net revenue growth in the United Kingdom and the continued expansion of our ecommerce and omni channel solutions businesses as well as the addition of the Erste joint venture. European operating margin of 47.9% declined from the previous year as expected due primarily to integration costs associated with the Erste transaction in foreign currency impacts. As we noted in our July call, we anticipate a significant portion of these integration cost in currency headwinds will be realized in the first half of fiscal 2017. As expected we are yet to see any real impact on our business resulting from the UK, EU referendum, except of course for the devaluation of the pound. In fact as Jeff noted, our business in the UK accelerated this quarter despite the outcome of the referendum. We will continue to monitor developments going forward to access potential implication for our business. As Jeff mentioned, Asia-Pacific had an outstanding quarter with 17% net revenue growth and operating margin was 28.4%, an increase of 50 basis points year over year. Growth in Asia was primarily driven by low double digit organic growth in the region including Ezidebit, as well as the addition of the BPI joint venture and eWAY. Excluding heartland integration cost we generated free cash flow of approximately $107 million this quarter. We define free cash flow with net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations less capital expenditures and distributions to non-controlling insurance. Capital expenditures totaled $38 million for the quarter. In addition, we reduced outstanding debt during the first quarter by $44 million and since the date of our last call we repurchased an additional 379,000 shares for $28 million. Our current share repurchase authorization capacity is $191 billion. As a reminder, we continue to expect to use the majority of our free cash flow this year to support debt reduction. As Jeff mentioned, our integration of Heartland is tracking ahead of schedule and we now expect to realize over $60 million of expense synergies in fiscal 2017, as compared to our prior estimate of over $50 million. We are delighted with the progress we are making and have been able to execute on planned synergies more quickly than previously assumed further positioning us to achieve our full expected run rate synergies from the merger. Given the strong performance in the first quarter and our updated expectation for synergy to realization for the year, we are increasing our outlook for fiscal 2017. We now expect adjusted earnings per share to be in a range of $3.45 to $3.55, reflecting growth of 16% to 19% over fiscal 2016. In addition, we now expect operating margin to expand by up to 50 basis points for the year. We continue to expect net revenue to range from $3.2 billion to $3.2 million or growth of 47% to 52% over fiscal 2016. It is worth noting this outlook reflects our expectation that foreign currencies will be marginally weaker for the remainder of the year relative to our forecast when we guided back in July. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Cameron. From the outset, the goal of our integration has been to ensure of frictionless combination of the two businesses. Building on the momentum that Global Payments and Heartland have each had individually. Although we are still early in the process, we could not be more pleased with the progress we have made. Not only are we ahead of our expectations with respect to integration, we have accomplished this while accelerating revenue growth at Heartland, which will help drive overall revenue and earnings per share growth for the combined company. Isabel?
Isabel Janci: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I would like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one, and one follow-up in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just wanted to ask about the European margins, what kind of an impact did Erste JV have? Can you quantify that and the currency headwinds in the quarter? And then is the outlook for margins to stay basically sequentially similar in the second quarter and then improve in the second half? And if it improves in the second half, what drives that? Thanks so much.
Cameron Bready: Hi Bryan it is Cameron good morning. I will start and then ask either Jeff or David to add any other thoughts they may have. So, I would say in the first quarter, the margin declines in Europe were pretty much exactly what we anticipated, and if you look at the two primary drivers one being Erste integration efforts, specifically around Erste joint venture and the second being currencies, say probably each contributed about half of the decline in margin that we saw in Europe that 450 basis points in the first quarter. So about half and half coming from our Erste and currency. I think as you work through the year, I would expect that to get progressively a little bit better. Some of the FX headwind will begin to update as we get into the back half of the year, and as we continue with the integration efforts on Erste, I would expect most of that work to be done in the first few quarters of the year such that by the time we get to Q4 sitting here today, I would anticipate wed be back to flat to extending margins in Europe, which as weve talked in the past with margins nearing 50%, our objective in Europe is really to stay in that level of margin not really looking to expand those margins for that particular segment.
Jeff Sloan: Bryan, this is Jeff. I would just add to what Cameron said that as we mentioned in our release, our businesses in Europe performed exceptionally well this quarter. Our UK business accelerated its revenue growth into double-digit you may also recall that Spain has now double annualized the interchange reduction as of September 1. So going forward to Camerons point, we expect to see continued growth in revenue profitability in our Spanish business, which has been a bit of a headwind over the last 12 months.
Bryan Keane: Okay, terrific. And just a quick follow-up, on the synergies from Heartland, I think you guys increased those $10 million for this fiscal year. Just to clarify, is that just a pull forward from the total run rate of synergies or is that an additional increase in synergies for what you think youre getting out of Heartland, and maybe what is causing the pull forward? Thanks so much and congrats on the first quarter.
Cameron Bready: Yes, thanks Bryan. I will jump in there. So, I would say as it relates to the expense synergies themselves what we are really seeing as far as an acceleration of our plan so we are realizing synergies in fiscal 2017 more quickly than we otherwise anticipated that we could. I think it is a little pre-mature to suggest that the overall run rate, the full expected run rate synergy that we expect from the merger will be higher than the target we provided when we announced the deal last December, but I would say obviously the progress we are making gives us a tremendous amount of confidence that we have the right momentum towards achieving that target and potentially exceeding it over time.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Byan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey Jeff, hi Cameron. Congratulations on the quarter.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Ashwin
Ashwin Shirvaikar: The question I have, you have pretty good revenue performance coming out of multiple parts of the business. Is it just basically too early in the year to detect any obvious thing [ph] or is it primarily the FX that offsets expense in the underlying business? Any color with regards to how comfortable, upper versus lower part of the range.
Cameron Bready: Yes Ashwin, it is Cameron. I will jump in and I will just note, we had little trouble hearing you, I think you are asking about the revenue guide and why the revenue guide perhaps wasnt increased in the quarter, I think inherently you can think of it as a increase because we are now forecasting more FX headwind than we were when we guided in July, So, I think you can essentially look at it as an implicit increase. We are observing more FX headwind on the topline yet maintaining that overall revenue guidance at 3.2 billion to 3.3 billion. We did obviously increase our expectation around margin expansion for the full year as well, which is driving obviously the increase in earnings per share guidance as well. So, I think we do see obviously revenue tracking ahead of what we would have anticipated, but we are also currently forecasting more FX headwind that we were back, it implies the short answer.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then with regards to OpenEdge, at what point might you expect to see some benefit to the Canada growth rate? Youre rolling out OpeEdge in Canada, are you beginning to see some benefits in terms of market share and so on?
David Mangum: Ashwin, it is David on this one. It is a great question. We are beginning to see real progress and tangible progress in Canada. We got the full rollout now and integrated solutions there. We actually have signed new partners for building the pipeline. So, what I would say to you is we really feel good about the season we are planning to accelerate revenue growth in Canada. We expect to see the benefit of that really this year and certainly in calendar 2017 we begin to see some of those trends stand upward in our favor.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you, guys.
David Mangum: Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thank you, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from George Mihalos of Cowen. Your line is now open.
George Mihalos: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. I want to start off piggybacking a little bit on Ashwins question. You started the year with the revenue growth rate of 52%, the upper end of the 47% to 52% that you guided to. And then I would think the comparisons, as we go to 2Q and 3Q, get a little bit easier year-over-year than what you had in the first quarter. Is there any reason why at least over the next two quarters, the revenue growth rate shouldnt increase from the 52%?
Cameron Bready: George, it is Cameron good morning. I think your thesis is right. I would remind you that when we get to Q4, we obviously are going to annualize Heartland or part of Q4 so naturally the growth rate in Q4 is not going to be at that 47% to 52%, but I think it is fair to say as you look at Q2 and Q3 you need to factor in currencies. Ill remind you of that, but the comps are easy relative to Q1, but I think your overall thesis is correct as it relates to slide acceleration of revenue growth in those two quarters relative to what we saw in Q1.
George Mihalos: Okay. Great. And just a point of clarification, Cameron. I think you had said, at least on a pro forma basis, the direct North America business or direct US business was up high singles again, which is what you guided to for the year. Did you break that out for what the legacy GPN business was before Heartland? And maybe you could size the Heartland contribution in revenue for us for the quarter. Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Yes, sure George. First of all you correct. We did note that the US direct businesses grew high single digits this quarter in line with our expectations including Heartland of course on a normalized basis. Breaking out the component I would say is a little more difficult, not really feasible, you know by virtue of the fact that we are combining these businesses and as more time progresses the more difficult it is going to be to look at the business in the US in particular and say what was legacy Heartland and what was legacy Global Payment. As we talked about on the call we have already combined our direct sales forces in the US market, so where do I attribute that growth that is being driven by the combination of our direct sales forces. We combined our traditional book with Heartlands direct book, so it is a little difficult to say specifically what Heartland drove in the quarter versus what Global Payments drove. We did however achieve the overall expectation we have for the business which is growing our U.S. direct sales in that high single digit range which we were obviously very pleased with while also continuing to make progress on and progressing some of the revenue enhancements and revenue synergies we expect to achieve over time.
George Mihalos: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks George.
Cameron Bready: Thanks George.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe following up on some of the metrics you gave regarding Heartland, I understand its hard to break it out from the organic global business, but can you maybe give us some color around how the Heartland merchant base growth was in the last three quarters and how thats tracked in terms of growth rate, just on a directional basis, versus what they were reporting at the end of last year?
Jeff Sloan: Hi Jim it is Jeff. I will get some overall cover and I think Cameron and David can provide some additional detail. So as we said in our prepared commentary Heartland had one of its best sales months ever in August in terms of sales moment and that is a continuation of the trends that I think we talked about in our July call as we talk about our outlook for fiscal 2017. So I say sitting here since we announced the deal in December 20015 and closed in April of 2016 the opportunities weve had to talk to you guys twice about it Heartland has only accelerated that growth as it relates to new sales over that period. I would say in terms of the health of the merchant base at Heartland that their attrition is running low relative to their own expectations and our expectations going into the deal as well. So, as Cameron mentioned in his remarks our ability to accelerate their growth minimize any merchant or sales rep disruption while taking the defense action that we have taken in a combined basis is something that we are particularly pleased about my way of background.
Cameron Bready: The only thing I would add Jim is, it is Cameron, is if you look at Heartlands other business outside of the pure payments business, if you look at campus solutions, school solutions, Heartland commerce each of those continue to perform very well also. We see good momentum in those businesses, we like those businesses a great deal. The vertical specific approach that they have through those channels aligns well with our integrator strategy we believe and remain very excited about the performance of those business. And lastly, payroll also performed very well in the quarter. We continue to see good momentum utilized Heartland sales force to be able to cross sell payroll solutions across the customer base and into new customers going forward. So I think we are very pleased overall with how Heartland performed in the quarter relative to our expectations.
David Mangum: And may be, this is David, I will add a few pieces to the answer. When we think about running the business, we are running one business in the United States right now. So the answer Cameron gave earlier is exactly the way we are managing the business. We have one US sales force for general payment and it is off to a fantastic start post the acquisition that Cameron correctly said, payroll is accelerating. The payments are accelerating, the additional products are accelerating, but the other products, the other business units are having record sales as well, whether it is campus solution, school solutions where we just had the fastest growing back to school season in Heartland history. All those things operating well, executing well, despite as you might imagine what can be a tumultuous time around synergy and integration of raw. The businesses are focused. The leadership is focused. We are really feeling very good about the momentum we have right now.
Jim Schneider: Thats helpful. And then maybe as a follow-on, on your comment there, David. If you look at the overall ability to drive sales in the US through increased investment in sales and marketing and you weigh that against the cost synergies youre obviously getting out of plan with Heartland, how do you think about weighing those two things, if you think you can put a dollar of extra investment into the sales force and marketing activities to grow the US business faster? How do you offset that against what you basically think that you could take any additional excess synergies from the Heartland deal and replow those back into those activities?
David Mangum: Yes you know it is a great question when we talk about all the time here. Sort of the balance of sales productivity, product investment synergies, we are really fortunate in a couple of way, one is Heartland fits beautifully into our overall strategy of running an operating company by creating leverage, getting on common platforms and taking that capital that result and benefit and pouring it into product and distribution that is exactly the calculus we are really running everyday when we think about where to go from here. So, I will give you a couple of examples. While the teams are working hard on how we combine platforms and how we put call centers together and what we do to better serve customers more efficiently. Our sales teams and our marketing is hard working on actually driving topline growth. You can do both of at once. For example, we boarded the first Heartland merchant to a Global Payments. That took a fair amount of technology investment, it puts us well ahead of having new platform migration. Makes the platform migration not an emergency as we get to that over the next year or so that allows the Heartland sales force to give to be that much more productive. They can now sell the entire sphere of products that Global Payments and Heartland have together, and the products dont [indiscernible] there is a bar integration taht Heartland doesnt have, Heartland couldnt sell the cyber source gateway integration for example, Heartland did not have a cash advance product like Global Payments has. All these things can now be sold by that 1500% sales force. We can now sell in Canada and Puerto Rico out of that by enabling the platform by having our teams work on that while separate teams are working on expense synergies and driving more and more efficiencies out of the infrastructure. So, were spending an awful lot of time in these parallel tracks, planning a lot seeds, hitting a lot of singles, on the way to what we expect which is really going to be accelerating growth above what we think it can be over the next couple of years with these enhanced sales capabilities. Beyond even that we are making little investments like accelerating sales hires. Sales reps are up a little bit over where they were when we closed the deal thats conscious. Were filling in wide space that were uncovered. Thats the choice we made Global Payments with the Heartland sales leadership team and an opportunity to invest a little early and what can become nice calendar 2017 sales in areas really underserve by our combined sales forces to date. We are sharing these as Jeff said in his prepared to remarks with Hong Kong, UK, Canada that doesnt take anything away from our ability to perform our synergy work and get to our expense synergies that all in fact, its just wonderful volume to put the top of this very efficient engine we run. In fact weve automated the sales process with Canada and as you might imagine thats a likely place for a lot of volume to come over time. So, we really feel good about the way were putting selective targeted investment back into the sales model while being able in parallel to keep driving our synergies and not in any way into great customer service. So the thesis are working well together right now.
Jim Schneider: Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steven Kwok with KBW. Your line is now open.
Steven Kwok: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering around the revenue synergies that youve previously talked about where you can get additional 1 to 2 percentage points over time. Where are we with that? And are the initiatives that you have in place, is that what the ultimate goal is or can it do better than that 1 to 2 percentage points? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Hey Steven its Cameron. Ill maybe jump in there. I think David gave a very wholesome answer as it relates to qualitatively what weve been doing to drive revenue enhancements across our US businesses. The thing that I would add is, sitting here today, it is important to note that the new enhancements weve achieved thus far they are helpful on the margin, but they are not as significant enough to really move the needle as of yet. David talked about continuing to invest in these opportunities such that over time we expect to be able to realize the 1% to 2% incremental revenue growth target that we provided when we announced the deals generated from revenue enhancements. So $30 million or $60 million or so. It is going to take some time to scale these. As you talk about combining distribution platforms combining technology environments to efficiently create opportunities to cross-sell products and enhance the revenue growth of the combined business, it is going to take time to scale that to a point where you are seeing a more meaningful impact from the revenue enhancement that is actually on our performance. So, we expect over the next couple of years to get to that point and we do continue to believe that the overall revenue synergy target that we provided again is a realizable target and we think we have great momentum early towards achieving that goal.
David Mangum: And maybe I will add a little more color. I think is that is exactly the summary that drives our strategy and integration and we think Steven about how to go after the synergies. Certainly my expectation to get out of the timeframe Cameron is talk about is will be at the high end of those and we are certainly shooting to beat that rate. In addition to the direct sales synergies the real strategy that we think about Heartland combined with Global Payments is going all the way across all of the Heartland Global assets figuring out how to combine the best of both and then globalize everything. So very much as Cameron said were very much in the mode of planting speeds, doing some spade work now, that will bear this fruit in 2017, 2018 and beyond. In addition to the direct sales synergies I described earlier we are doing the same thing with campus solution. Our TouchNet software platform, the one that powers campus solutions is now integrated with Global Payments, our technology platforms in Canada. That means we can sell net new customers, we can go back with TouchNets existing customer base and sell merchants on payments from Global Payments and we are beginning to build that pipeline, that same platform is now certified for Puerto Rico. We are ready to go in Puerto Rico as well. You can see again, planting a few more seeds the same with whats been historically called Heartland commerce, the point-of-sale cloud software solutions. We just certified our retail point-of-sale solution for Canada. Again for payments in Canada. We have 40 dealers in Canada now with portfolios, we can look to migrate those for our payments. We can obviously sell net new. We are working with target markets then in Europe and Asia to continue expanding that. Lots of really good exciting activity that at this moment is very much at the margin Cameron quite directly said deals here and there as pipeline building all with the focus on 1%, 2% again being at the high end of that range or beating that range at the time.
Steven Kwok: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Steven.
David Mangum: Thanks Steven.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey of SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys. I wonder, just expanding a little bit on some of the nice sales commentary and the Heartland integration commentary. Cameron, youve talked about a through the cycle organic revenue growth rate, given everything youre seeing at Heartland, and also, it sounds like continued momentum in OpenEdge, is it reasonable to start thinking about North America perhaps being a structurally faster geography for Global?
Cameron Bready: I think it is. If you think about the cycle guidance that we provided historically Andrew, the high single digit rate of organic growth, thats obviously what we believe this business can produce over time. With North America now being 75% of the business, if this is not growing near that level, its going to be very difficult for the overall company to grow at that level. So, I think its fair to say that is our goal as we think about our North American business more broadly. That doesnt mean Canada is going to be anything different than what we expected to be which it is a low single digit grower in local currency, hopefully Canadian dollar headwind will abate here at some point, but we do believe as we continue to obviously progress the combination of Heartland and Global Payments in the US with North America should accelerate towards that level allowing the overall company to achieve the high single digit rate of organic net revenue growth that we expect to achieve over the cycle.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. And with regard to OpenEdge and Heartland commerce, again maybe qualitatively at least, can you talk about how those two initiatives are working together versus maybe just co-existing, given that theyre going after some of the similar distribution partners, but have had slightly different strategies, one being vertically integrated, in Heartland commerce, and maybe more of a channel strategy for OpenEdge. How are those two things co-exist versus seeing potential synergies?
David Mangum: Yes Andrew it is David, I will take the first part of this. They are actually coexisting beautifully right now. In fact theyre working directly together our go to market strategy, particularly as we think about some of our large competitors in the integrated space that we can chase with these new assets. Id remind you that when we look at volume look at verticals. Less than 5%, its really actually less than 3% overlap between OpenEdge and its verticals that it serves and what we get in Heartland Commerce. That is because Heartland Commerce is primarily restaurant and hospitality, there is very little restaurant and very little hospitality in the OpenEdge portfolio. That allows us to think about channel strategy for hospitality that really has us as the ISP working with dealers and working with direct sales to sell the combined software and payment solutions of the go forward global payments. It allows OpenEdge to continue to focusing on what it does best, which is managing that ecosystem between ISPs and end merchants working on the targeted marketing that sales adding new partners while still working to actually add new merchants to existing partners. I would also say OpenEdge still is in the same position it was a year after, several years of mid-teens growth really successful growth. Weve got lots of opportunities inside the existing partner base. So, weve got a nice little wall like a metaphor right now Andrew between the markets served really by commerce and the commerce asset and the markets served by OpenEdge. As we bring more and more Cloud Technology to market, we can be more and more thoughtful and surgical with our channel strategies and again chase some of the big players in hospitality, which we think is a real opportunity for sales growth over time as well.
Andrew Jeffrey: Great. Thank you very much.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Andrew.
David Mangum: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Condra of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Paul Condra: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Just on the EPS guidance, I think, Cameron, you had said for calendar 2017 you were thinking $3.75 to $4.00. Thats FX neutral. Can you just give us a little update on that, just in light of your guidance revision today?
Cameron Bready: Yes good morning Paul, its Cameron. We are not updating that early preview that we gave for calendar 2017 back in July. You know the $3.75 to $4 on a constant currency basis relative to fiscal 2016 was really designed to help you guys in the market in general with the transition to a new calendar year, but were not specifically updating that today. We are naturally updating our fiscal 2017 guide, as you correctly stated raising that from $3.40 to $3.50 to our current $3.45 to $3.55. So I think that obviously suggests very good momentum as we are going into calendar 2017. You can draw your own conclusion from that. I think the one obviously I think we continue to have wrapped with this FX headwind. And as I suggested on the call today, we believe in that guide in that race guide on cash earnings per share  adjusted earnings per share that we were going to be observing more FX headwind in those results. So, as we get to calendar 2017, early calendar 2017 we will provide a guide for 2017 that obviously reflects our expectation for the business, as well is what we think the obviously FX impacts will be for the calendar period.
Paul Condra: Okay. Thanks. And then on the OpenEdge business, I think you had talked about it today being a mid-teens grower. And in the past, youve mentioned mid to high teens. So can you clarify, is there any change in trajectory there or anything youre seeing?
Cameron Bready: I would say no. There is no real change in trajectory depending on the quarter kind of bounces around between mid and high. As we think about the business, our expectation is that business continues to grow in the mid-teens level. We go very good about the momentum and the trajectory to be able to do that, but from one quarter to the next it maybe high teens, it maybe midteens, but generally in that ballpark is what our expectation is for the business. So, I will tell you for Q1 it performed exactly in line with our expectations and has accelerated relative to Q4, which I think are both very good points of empahsis.
Paul Condra: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Good quarter. Ill leave it there.
David Mangum: Thanks Paul.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Togut of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Im wondering if you could comment more broadly on the impact of interchange caps that went into effect in Europe on December 9 of last year. In particular, is there the potential for an increase in merchant acceptance of electronic payments, as the cost of payments have come down?
Jeff Sloan: Yes David its Jeff. So, as we said in our remarks this morning, our European businesses and in particular our UK business has performed exceptionally well during the quarter. So, certainly we think one of the important trends in the marketplace is a lower cost of acceptance, as well as a good macroeconomic backdrop for those markets. As I think, we said over time, reductions in costs to our merchants are really nothing, but good news for our business, but those ultimately get competed away over a period of time. So, I think, its good news as their bills go down, the market tends to be efficient over a period of time. So our benefit as time goes on tends to get competed away, yet the merchants continue to benefit with lower cost of acceptance than they had  they had previously. Its hard to back that out of the underlying economic growth in the markets that were in. But if you look at our experience, for example, in Spain, which really adopted the interchange reduction. Here we are now two years beyond the first adoption of the interchange reduction and our business has grown, as we said in our prepared remarks probably one-and-a-half to two times the rate of market growth for each of the last six quarters. How much of that is attributable to the lower cost of acceptance, the fantastic partner we have in Caixa in the Spanish market, is kind of hard to disaggregate. But I think theres no doubt, David, that around the world lower cost of acceptance for our customers is really nothing but a good thing.
David Mangum: I think too, David, this is David, Id add in the more developing markets of Central and Eastern Europe, were beginning to penetrate with our Erste joint venture, you will find that cost of acceptance being a enhancement, certainly to organic and secular growth in those markets.
David Togut: Okay, thank you. And just as a quick follow-up, Jeff, Im wondering what your thoughts are longer-term about Europe. As the banks see pressure from the reduction in interchange, do you see opportunities perhaps over time to acquire some merchant portfolios in Europe as a result?
Jeff Sloan: Hey, David, absolutely. So, as we said in our remarks this morning, were very pleased with the initial progress in our Erste joint venture, which encompasses a number of countries in Continental Europe. I do believe that part of the rationale on behalf of Erste Bank for considering a joint venture was a change in competitive and technology dynamics in the markets in which theyre in, in Continental Europe. So we certainly continue to pursue other venture partners in Europe. I think that these number of technological and market-based changes that youre seeing going around Europe today do nothing, but help our ability to create value for our partners. I think weve been able to show over a very long period of time in many markets how weve been able to create very good returns for our shareholders and our partners. And I think, the changes in Europe provide us another opportunity to do the same. And we expect that our partners at Erste will be similarly happy. So from that point of view, David, we continue to pursue those ventures and we hope to do more in the future.
David Togut: Thanks very much. Congrats on the strong results.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, thank, David.
David Mangum: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Bob Napoli of William Blair. Your line is now open.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. Good morning. Jeff, the  Jeff, you highlighted right upfront and you talked about accelerating growth in all of your markets. And weve had very mixed retail data out of the U.S. Asia, I think getting mixed reports on the economic trends there. What is  and you talk about some of your products, and I understand that some of the acceleration. But do you feel this acceleration is driven  are you  do you think some of it is economic improvement? I mean, your acceleration in growth seems out of place with what generally seems to be reported out of retail sales and economic growth in the markets you serve?
Jeff Sloan: Bob, its a great question. So what I would say is, I really think its a combination of attacking the right markets with the right people and the right model. So in most of the markets which we compete, the United States is a good example, as David alluded to, were very specific about the markets that we go after and how we do it, sort of Davids response about, for example, on OpenEdge and the integrated vertical markets, were selling technology solutions into markets that themselves like dental, veterinary, et cetera, that are higher growth in the overall rate of GDP growth in the U.S. economy plus the adoption of electronic commerce, and were doing it with better technology, better people, better services, and ultimately, therefore better markets. So, I think, Bob, its perhaps a reflection of the way we go about the markets that we go about, how we attack them, and our point of value differentiation relative to our peers that really is driving the incremental rate of growth. Id also stated, theres an element at very good sales focus and execution. If you look at our results in Asia, for example, we have yet to really laugh some of the macroeconomic headwinds that you saw starting in the second quarter for our fiscal last year in Asia yet business as usual Asian markets for us accelerated their growth, as Cameron and I each noted. In Canada, I just think think thats very good sales execution in markets like Singapore and Malaysia and the Philippines of with and without our partners at BPI. So the conscious investments weve made, Bob, as a company into markets that are large diverse and growing with higher rates of vertical market growth than the average and better margin opportunities are really paying dividends. Thats why I think youre seeing our results. Conversely, we are really not in the large merchant category, for example, in the United States as some of our peers are, I think a lot of the data Bob that youre referring to reflects the large retailer, for example, market which in general is not a market were particularly focused at either at legacy Global or at Heartland.
Bob Napoli: Great. Thank you. And my follow-up question is, I mean, Global and the industry as a whole, or some of your competitors have had a great run since 2013, in particular. What is  how  what is  what are you most worried about as far as disrupting the strong trends that youve had? How sustainable are the trends that weve seen? What are you most worried about that could derail the very strong trends weve seen? Is it competition? Is it regulation?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Bob, its Jeff. So, Ill start and ask David and Cameron to join in as well. But I think, we touched a lot of this in the last question that you asked. But I think what youre seeing is results of the curative investments that weve made in our business over a period of time that is really bearing fruit. I think David very nicely described the investments made in sales in Heartland, in legacy Global Payments that really results of dividend, not just in the United States, that would wrap it around the world the investments weve made in our technology environment in fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013 are really bearing fruit. So, from that point of view, I think, were differentiated bit in terms of where we played chips on the table. In terms of what were worried about, I think it all starts with for us and our peers of industry, what is the macroeconomic environment look like. Most of us are GDP plus derivative type businesses and therefore, its important that we operate in healthy economic environments. For example, we talked about much of this 2016 in Asia, where for a number of quarters, the latter three quarters of fiscal 2016, we had a headwind in greater China. I think weve been able to show throughout fiscal 2016 and our results now in 2017, our guidance show, they were able to take whatever actions we need to take quickly to preserve margin and reposition our business quickly. So theres no doubt at the end of the day, that a healthy economy is an important driver globally of our results. So, I think its important in terms of what we worry about a healthy economic environment for us globally continue to grow that as businesses. We also need to make the right decisions around technology investments, which is where I started. Many of the things that we invested now, we will see returns in 12, 18, 24 months from now, its important to get those things right. So in terms of what we worry about, we worry about, we think the wrong hit in the wrong place at the table, such that weve made investments that havent borne fruit, half way thats not the case. So, we worry a lot at the strategies matter about, whether those are the right investments to make today for returns in the future.
David Mangum: I think thats right. I think, Id add to that technology investment. Are we really helping our customers do what they need to do with their consumer. So those investments are right investments as we go deeper in the software. We believe they absolutely are the bearing fruit today. But were thinking about those is the right way to think about servicing customers, allowing them to take care and to like their consumers at the point of interaction and point of sale. And obviously, in our industry, youre always worried about security. We do believe that the combination of EMV, encryption tokenization is great for overall health of the industry overall consumer confidence. When you go back to a secular question that were talking about earlier, I think, Pauls question maybe with Davids around adoption and things like that, obviously, security is a big piece of that. We invest heavily there. Were trying to find the right balance as well as returns. So, we think about those couple of things, in addition to what Jeff described.
Bob Napoli: Okay. Thank you very much.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ill just wrap it up. Its Cameron with one final comment on the same topic, its a little bit different. I do think weve got a great run over the last three years, of course, and thats been borne out by obviously how the share prices performed. I think its very fair to say sitting here today, we remain  this is enthusiastic if not more so about the future over the next several years of this business. Obviously, the combination of Heartland is the transformational opportunity for us. But we think our ability to drive high rates of organic revenue growth in the business to expand margins and compound double-digit mid-teens growth in earnings per share obviously creates a very nice trajectory for the business and give us a lot of optimism about, where were heading as a company financially.
Bob Napoli: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Cameron Bready: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to maybe dovetail a little bit on that last  the comments you guys have just been making. When you look ahead and you look at the results youve had thus far, how much of this is a function, in your opinion, of your positioning and share gains in the market, given those chips that youve been placing? And you could pick U.S. or Europe or Asia for that matter, relative to real market expansion. I mean, so it goes back to kind of like secular growth versus your share gains, in either mature markets or emerging markets. I would just be interested to know how you think about parsing that data out for your growth?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Dan, its Jeff. So Ill start with that. So our bogie in most of the markets that were in is, where are Visa and MasterCard growing transactionally. Thats one way of getting at rate of market growth. But those markets that were in, not in every sub-vertical market that Visa and MasterCard are in. But where its relevant for us, whats the rate of transaction growth, number one, number two. What is GDP growing in those markets plus 200 to 300 basis points of increment reflecting the transition from paper to electronic means. So if you distill that, and theres obviously a lot of markets that were in, were in 30 countries physically today around the world. What you would say in general across all of our markets, the bogie is around 5% market rate of growth. Some are higher, some are lower, but in general, its around 5% rate of growth. If you look at our cycle guidance, which we talked about again this morning, we target high single-digit organic rate of revenue growth plus margin expansion, et cetera. So the way we think about it, Dan, is if were targeting high single-digit, if the rate of market growth is 5, when we talked about this last year, last October, in our Investor Day, we certainly think that were capturing share in the aggregate. Now some of that is, because were in better markets. Some of that is, because we think we have a differentiated sales force. Some of that is, because we think we have state-of-the-art operating environments, et cetera. But nonetheless, the math is the math. And I would say that in most of the markets around the world, we do think that were capturing share. If you look at United States, for example, and our OpenEdge business, which Cameron and David just described today mid-teens growth is probably three times the rate of mid single-digit market rate growth more broadly speaking transactionally in the United States. Now, were not the only people growing at that rate, at the end of the day. So I dont think its just us. But certainly, I think, traditional channels that we refer to as more relationship driven are not growing at mid-teens. And I certainly think its fair to say that theres market share gain in a technology-enabled distribution area, whether its Heartland commerce or whether its OpenEdge relative to the more traditional, for example, financial institution channel, we see rates of growth that tends to be less than the market, call it around low single-digit. So I think its been a conscious effort to think about what the market is in each market that were in, what the bogies are, how were going to invest and grow at rates that are north of the market for a lot of reasons. So I think at the end of the day, its down to smart investment that take share.
Dan Perlin: Okay. And then in the Asia market, in particular, low double-digit organic growth, thats been fantastic. I think you said Ezidebit is growing 20%-plus. Can you just remind us how we should be thinking about that trajectory throughout the year? I mean, is it were going to dovetail it off in the back-half at some point, or are there other dynamics at work that we can kind of stay on this trajectory, which this has been a market, I guess, that weve been waiting for this double-digit for a long time and you guys are clearly putting it up now. So Id just be interested to know that. Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Dan, its Cameron, Ill jump in there. I think we feel very good about the momentum we have in Asia sitting here today. So I dont expect a lot different in the back three quarters of the year. I wouldnt say, our overall target for Asia is kind of high single to low double. Obviously, were able to get the low double this quarter. I dont know that I would expect that every single quarter. But certainly, we think were in a place and have started to lap certainly as we get into Q2 and Q3, some of the macro headwinds in the Greater China market that Jeff described earlier. I think we feel very good about the overall prospects to be able to achieve low double-digit growth in Asia overall for the year, including high single to low double organic growth.
Dan Perlin: Thats great. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan,. Your line is now open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great, thanks. Good quarter here. Just wanted to dig more into the strong Heartland sales in August and the quarter, just maybe focusing more on core merchant sales. Just I know you said sales energy is good and theres lower attrition. But anything secular or cyclical to call out again in the quarter as beneficial, things like EMV transition, I know, there has been a lot of bottlenecks there. Is that having an influence, for example? Thanks.
David Mangum: Yes, Tien-tsin, its David. There really isnt anything specific to call out. Weve got terrific productivity. As I said earlier, reps are up a little bit, but its really only at the margin and the productivity coming with the additional reps is where we wanted to be. So its not just the volume thing or something along those lines in terms of just more reps to create more sales. The quality and sales is good. Retention is very good right now. I think that on the pure payments basis, EMV is not driving these sales. I realize thats a popular topic of conversation, but that has more to do with other participants in the industry overall rather than us directly as a payment technology provider. So I think, were very happy with the pieces. I would tell you that the combination of being able to sell other products in addition to payments does make for better stronger sale and more sales. So selling payroll, selling some of the other products, selling our HCH-based product for online customers obviously enhances the payment sales as well. But I really I dont have a single thing at which to point, Tien-tsin, thats different from where things were, I think the engine is working well. The leadership is in place. And the machining tooling that underlies managing this 1,500 person complex sales force is working well.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay. Thats helpful to know. And just I know there has been a couple questions on Asia. But just Ezidebit, are you doing something different there in terms of distribution? I was curious if that growth rate is sustainable or even could we see it accelerate here by itself, Ezidebit?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Tien-tsin, its Jeff. We actually have seen the acceleration already in the last number of quarters that Ezidebit. We partnered with those guys a number of years ago, its been just over three years now this month. We didnt model out high 20s growth, that wasnt our expectation for organic revenue growth, that was right around 20%. And as we said today, theyve now exceeded it for a number of quarters. So what I would tell you is give a fantastic management team in place in Australia and New Zealand. They have essentially taken an integrated model, which is what Ezidebit is, think of it as OpenEdge based in Australia and New Zealand and certainly relative to one of the last questions are doing nothing, but capturing share in that marketplace environment. So if you were probably to go look at the rate of organic transactional growth for Visa and MasterCard and your peers in Australia and New Zealand, they would not be anywhere near 20%. So clearly, Ezidebit has a very good model with very good team and theyre doing all the right things. We also did a lot of time talking about it, because its not organic, but their integration of UA, which is something we announced in April has also gone very well. I think it shows the  which has 25% of the online market in Australia and New Zealand. I just think it shows the flexibility and capacity in our confidence level in our management team in Australia and New Zealand and Asia to accelerate growth, while theyre busy growing their own business well into the 20s.
Tien-tsin Huang: All right. Thats great. Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Tien-tsin.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Tien-tsin.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, thanks, guys, for squeezing me in here at the end. Just a couple of quick ones. Is there any slight change in the tax rate guidance for the year? The only reason I ask is, I know the EPS is going up by $0.05, but revenues have changed. I think the margins are going up by 10 bps. So I wasnt sure that that would quite get to you the $0.05, just with the slight margin change?
Cameron Bready: Yes, it  Jason, its Cameron. Its a good question. The margin change obviously helps, but as Ill note, were absorbing more FX in there as well. I think overall tax rate, I think the expectation remains pretty much the same as what we described back in July. We think its going to approach 30, it was 28.5, so 28.5, 29, something in that ballpark sort of approaching kind of the high 20s to 30 range remains our expectation for tax rate. I would say the guide itself doesnt suggest an increase in or excuse me, a decrease in the effective tax rate thats not whats driving the increase in the guide. Its really the Q1 performance coupled with our outlook for the remainder of the year. The increase in expense synergies that were targeting now for fiscal 2017 relative to the Heartland transaction, obviously, offset slightly by some incremental FX headwinds.
Jason Kupferberg: Can you quantify the incremental FX headwind? Are we talking like a 0.5 point here on the top line, or is it closer to a full point?
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think it could be close to a full point, sitting here today.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay.
Cameron Bready: Unfortunately, the pound is off 2% to 3% relative to where it was in the last two weeks, quite frankly. Were now seeing it down around 127, it was 134, most of September, it was 1, obviously a little higher on average for Q1. So I think we remain cautious probably as it relates to the pound specifically, particularly in light of the size of that business relative to the overall size of the Global Payment. The unfortunate reality is a lot of other currencies tend to be trading in sympathy with the pound it appears as well. So weve seen weakness albeit maybe not as severe as weve seen in the pound. Weve seen general weakness across the Board in most of the major currencies in which we have exposure. So I do think it could end up being almost an additional full point for the full-year, particularly in light of my view, and I think our view that when you get to December, I think, we expect the Fed to raise. I think in a rising rate environment here in the U.S., its going to continue to put pressure on foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which causes again the bake in a little more FX headwind into our forecast for the remainder of the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Thats all helpful Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jason.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Jason.
Jeff Sloan: On behalf of the Global Payments, thank you very much for joining our call this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Langford - VP, IR Jeff Sloan - CEO David Mangum - President and COO Cameron Bready - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Steven Kwok - KBW George Mihalos - Cowen Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies Dave Koning - Baird Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citibank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2016 year-end conference call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Andrew Langford. Please go ahead
Andrew Langford: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments' fiscal 2016 year-end conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour, and joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO, David Mangum, President and COO, and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during today's conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially, and we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call, speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, adjusted net revenue, and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP measures. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings, adjusted net revenue, and other non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning, and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff?
Jeff Sloan: Thank you, Andrew, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are delighted with our strong performance in fiscal 2016, highlighting another year of solid execution that generated significant growth across our markets. We also made substantial progress in our strategic objectives, including the successful completion of our merger with Heartland in April, a landmark transaction for Global Payments. For the year, we delivered net revenue growth of 11%, increased operating margin 50 basis points, and grew cash earnings per share 18%. Each of these results exceeded our fiscal 2016 budget expectations as well as the cycle guidance we set forth at our Investor Day last October. We are most proud of our ability to accelerate net revenue growth and maintain a consistent level of operating margin expansion, and cash EPS growth versus last fiscal, notwithstanding the incremental impacts of foreign currency. We expect continued positive momentum in fiscal 2017, as we expand direct distribution, deliver innovative products globally, leverage our technology and operating environments, and prudently deploy capital. And of course, our partnership with Heartland is at the core of this strategy. We are very pleased with early results at Heartland. Our combined senior management team is in place, and has hit the ground running. New sales at Heartland have set internal records over the last three months and we've begun to see the anticipated benefits of revenue enhancements across our businesses. We closed our first global cross-sell in June, and jointly closed Heartland's largest ever new sale when we signed a major US national restaurant customer in May. We are already executing initiatives to accelerate revenue growth by enabling sales of our Heartland campus solutions, school solutions, and commerce point of sale payment technology globally as we head into fiscal and calendar 2017. Since the closing of the merger on April 22, we have also focused on executing our integration plans, which are critical to the realization of expense synergies. We have successfully completed the first 90 day actions which consisted of substantial reductions in force, facility closures, vendor rationalization and duplicate expense elimination. We are well down the path toward realizing the expense synergies we outlined for fiscal 2017 and beyond. And we have not been busy just with Heartland during fiscal 2016. We continue to make progress on the two key strategic initiatives to accelerate transformative growth that we described during our Investor Day, international expansion of our OpenEdge integrated solutions business, and continued development of our omni-channel solutions offerings. For OpenEdge, we are now live, and driving sales of our solutions outside of the United States. We recently signed a contract with one of our largest existing ISVs to deliver integrated solutions to their customers in the United Kingdom. We are also pleased with our progress in Canada where we now have 30 ISV and VAR partners. We will shortly launch OpenEdge marketing campaigns with both local and US-based partners to further accelerate penetration of our integrated solutions end market. Our omni-channel solutions businesses had another very good year in fiscal 2016. We added over 4,000 new e-commerce customers in the UK and Ireland, and signed several enterprise e-commerce clients in the UK in the fourth quarter, based on the strength of our Realex platform, its scalability, reliability and performance. We are well-positioned to accelerate growth, and we expect to roll out our bundled e-commerce solution in Spain imminently. In addition, we plan to integrate Heartland's e-commerce offering in the United States with our global e-commerce solutions to create best-of-breed omni-channel capabilities before the end of calendar 2016. Furthermore, our acquisition of eWAY also expands the scope of our offerings in the Asia-Pacific region, providing us with global reach that is unmatched in our industry. Now for quarterly highlights. Our North American businesses again delivered strong results. Our US direct channels generated high single-digit organic revenue growth, led by OpenEdge. Canada continued its steady performance in local currency, resulting from strong new sales, terrific execution, and stable business fundamentals. Our European businesses again generated solid results. We saw double-digit volume and transaction growth in Spain for the fifth consecutive quarter, well in excess of market growth. Outside of Spain, our businesses in the UK and Continental Europe performed in line with our expectations. While we were disappointed with the result of the recent UK/EU referendum, we have been preparing for that potential outcome for some time. We had contingency plans in place, which were executed immediately after the result. We do not expect any material impact on operations or earnings expectations as a consequence. We continue to monitor the impact of the referendum, and we'll take further actions as conditions warrant. It is also worth noting that our US business is now two-thirds of our net revenue post Heartland, with the UK now representing single-digits of our company's net revenue. Asia delivered high single-digit organic net revenue growth in local currency. Much like last quarter, we also generated substantial operating margin expansion, as we reacted quickly last fall to emerging macro headwinds across our greater China markets. Finally, we remain delighted with our Ezidebit business, which reported accelerated revenue growth above 20% on a local currency basis. Our investment in the eWAY partnership in April highlights the confidence we have in our Australian colleagues and our optimism for this market. Finally, a word about the change to our fiscal year that we announced today. Last July, we began the journey to provide enhanced comparability of our results with our peers. I believe this change will be the final piece of the puzzle to allow our stakeholders to better compare our performance to that of our competitors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2016 was another terrific year for Global Payments. It included a number of significant milestones. We executed our largest ever transaction in our merger with Heartland, successfully raised $4.5 billion to finance growth, completed our first stock split in 10 years, and lastly were added to the S&P 500 Index. Importantly, we accomplished all of this, while also producing strong financial performance throughout the year. Total company net revenue for fiscal 2016 was $2.17 billion, reflecting growth of 11% versus fiscal 2015, or 17% on a constant currency basis. Operating margin expanded 50 basis points to 29.2%. On a constant currency basis, operating margin expanded 120 basis points. Cash earnings per share increased 18% to $2.98 per share, or 29% on a constant currency basis. For each of these measures, we exceeded our cycle guidance on a stated basis, and substantially exceeded it on a constant currency basis. For the fourth quarter, total company net revenue was $621 million, a 25% increase over the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, or 27% on a constant currency basis. Operating margin was 28.1%, an expansion of 40 basis points. On a constant currency basis, operating margin expanded by 70 basis points. Cash earnings per share grew 14% to $0.73, or 16% on a constant currency basis. Relative to our expectations in April, currency impacted fourth quarter cash earnings per share by roughly $0.01 to $0.02. Naturally, fourth quarter performance reflects the results of Heartland from April 22, which were in line with the expectations we shared during our April call. Now for detailed segment highlights for the quarter. Our North America segment, which now includes Heartland, saw net revenue growth of 36%, and operating margin expansion of 30 basis points, despite unfavorable currency trends in Canada. On a constant currency basis, operating margin expanded by 50 basis points. Normalized organic net revenue growth in our US direct channels, calculated as if we owned Heartland and the FIS Gaming business in both this period and in fiscal 2015 was high single-digits for the quarter. Canada once again, delivered solid growth in local currency, in line with expectations. The weak Canadian dollar impacted North American net revenue growth by over 100 basis points for the quarter. As Jeff noted, our European business performed well again this quarter, posting revenue growth of 7% on a constant currency basis. Reported net revenue growth for Europe was 3%, due to significantly unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the pound and euro. As a reminder, we also annualized our acquisition of Realex in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. European operating margin was 47.8%, declining from prior year, primarily due to investments we were making to further expand our omni-channel solutions business and foreign currency impacts. Asia net revenue grew 15% or 19% on a constant currency basis, despite ongoing macroeconomic weakness in our greater China markets. Organic constant currency revenue growth, adjusting for both the BPI and eWAY transactions was high single-digits for the quarter, accelerating sequentially from our fiscal third quarter. Once again, we're particularly pleased with operating margin in Asia-Pacific, which expanded by over 400 basis points to 26.3%. This was primarily driven by the continued strong growth in our Ezidebit business, as well as the expense management program we implemented in the fall of 2015. Shortly after closing the Heartland merger, we entered into a $50 million accelerated share repurchase agreement, bringing total share repurchases in the quarter to 711,000 shares for approximately $53 million. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we repurchased a further 638,000 shares for approximately $44 million. Now turning to our fiscal 2017 outlook. On a constant currency basis, we expect fiscal 2017 net revenue to range from $3.25 billion to $3.35 billion, reflecting growth of 50% to 54% over fiscal 2016. We anticipate foreign currency headwinds will impact net revenue growth by 200 to 300 basis points for the year, resulting in expected reported net revenues of $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion. Operating margin is expected to expand by up to 70 basis points on a constant currency basis. After reflecting the anticipated impact of foreign currency headwinds, we expect reported operating margin to expand by up to 40 basis points. We are particularly pleased with our outlook for operating margin expansion, as we expect to be able to absorb the anticipated margin degradation from Heartland, and still expand operating margins on a constant currency basis toward the high end of our cycle guidance. We expect cash earnings per share on a constant currency basis to range from $3.50 to $3.60, reflecting growth of 17% to 21% over fiscal 2016. After giving rise to anticipated foreign currency headwinds, particularly the significant weakness we have seen in the pound resulting from the Brexit referendum, we expect reported cash earnings per share to range from $3.40 to $3.50, reflecting growth of 14% to 17%. We are forecasting the most significant foreign currency impacts in the first two quarters of the year. As a result, we expect roughly 47% to 48% of our cash earnings per share to be contributed in the first two fiscal quarters, and the balance to be realized in the back half of the fiscal year. This is essentially the inverse of fiscal 2016. With respect to the more detailed assumptions that underlie this outlook, we expect North American net revenue to grow nearly 70% in fiscal 2017, including FX headwinds from the Canadian dollar. This growth reflects the addition of Heartland, and our expectation that our combined US direct businesses will generate organic growth in the high single-digits. Canadian net revenue growth assumptions remain in the low single-digits in local currency. We expect North America operating margin to expand for the year, as we anticipate being able to more than offset the margin impacts of Heartland with operating efficiencies and synergies. In Europe, we expect net revenue on a constant currency basis to grow in the mid-teens, including the impact of the Erste transaction. FX headwinds in Europe, especially the British pound, are forecasted to impact net revenues by several hundred basis points, resulting in expected reported growth in the high single-digits. Operating margin in Europe is expected to decline in fiscal 2017, largely due to integration costs associated with our Erste joint venture, and the impacts of foreign currency headwinds. Much of the degradation is anticipated in the first half of fiscal 2017, when we expect to realize a substantial portion of the integration-related expenses, and absorb a considerable amount of the foreign currency impacts. Asia-Pacific is expected to deliver US dollar net revenue growth in the low double-digits. Operating margin is expected to remain relatively consistent in fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 is projected to approach 30%, and our diluted weighted average share count is expected to approach 156 million. We anticipate that we will invest approximately $140 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2017. With the completion of the Heartland merger, our near-term capital allocation priority is to reduce debt, and return to our targeted leverage ratio. As such, we expect the majority of our free cash flow in fiscal 2017 to support debt reduction. However, we have sufficient capital available to continue to pursue select acquisitions that augment our strategies, like the eWAY partnership we executed in Q4. You should also assume we will continue to be a consistent buyer of our stock, as a means by which to return capital to shareholders. That said, our outlook for fiscal 2017 does not include any assumptions with respect to future share repurchases. As Jeff referenced, we're pleased to announce that our Board of Directors has approved a change in our fiscal year-end, from May 31 to December 31. Our first fiscal year on a calendar year basis will begin January 1, 2017. As a result, we will report a seven month fiscal period for the period June 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016. We will host our Q1 and Q2 fiscal 2017 earnings call as customary, and we'll then transition to calendar quarter reporting, beginning with the first quarter of calendar year 2017. With our forthcoming change in fiscal year end, we're providing an early preview of our outlook for calendar year 2017 to assist with this transition. Building off of our constant currency guidance for fiscal 2017, we would preliminarily expect constant currency net revenue of approximately $3.375 billion to $3.5 billion for calendar 2017. In addition, we would anticipate cash earnings per share on a constant currency basis to be in the range of $3.75 to $4 for calendar 2017. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Cameron. Building on the solid foundation from fiscal 2014 and 2015, we delivered yet another year of strong results in fiscal 2016. As our fiscal 2017 and cycle guidance post Heartland suggests, we remain committed to accelerating growth across our markets. We've had a terrific run over the last several years, but we are just as optimistic today, as we were back in October of 2013. We have the right people, in the right places, with the right business model. Early results of our partnership with Heartland, our largest investment to date, point strongly toward continued success for fiscal 2017 and beyond. We could not be more pleased with where we are today, but more importantly, we could not be more excited about where we are headed. Andrew?
Andrew Langford: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one, with one follow-up, in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Glenn Greene: Thanks. Good morning. Lots of numbers to digest. But I guess, at a high level, maybe to sort of frame how you've thought about and included in your fiscal 17 and calendar 17 guidance the, both the Heartland payments, cost synergies and revenue synergies, how should we be thinking about that?
Jeff Sloan: Sure, Glenn. It's Jeff. I'll start, and I'm sure Cameron and David will add to this. First, on the cost synergy side, as I said in the release this morning, we're well down the path on where we expect to be on expense synergies. In particular, relative to the $50 million that we talked about in fiscal 17, today we believe we're running ahead of that target of $50 million for fiscal 2017 realization. That falls in the buckets that we talked about back in December and April, primarily on the executive side, on the operating side, and on the technology side. On the revenue enhancement, as you know, at the time we announced the transaction in December, as well as in April, we talked about 1% to 2% incremental revenue growth over the cycle. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've already had some early wins coming from our work, out of our work with the folks over at Heartland. But we haven't yet included that in our fiscal 17 estimates, as we do not include those in the guidance we gave in December and April. Cameron, do you want to --?
Cameron Bready: The only thing I would add there, Glenn, is as we look at synergies on the expense side for fiscal 17, as Jeff noted we are ahead of the target that we originally established back in December, when we announced the transaction. Perhaps more importantly, however, I think we're very much on track to realize the full run rate synergies that we had targeted, with respect to the transaction, the 125 million in fiscal 18 and beyond. So I think from an expense point of view, we feel very good about where we are, have a lot of positive momentum going into fiscal 17 to exceed the expectations we had for the full year. But as I said before, we're very focused on that ultimate run rate number, and are well on track to achieve that expectation.
David Mangum: And Glenn, it's David, maybe a little more color on the revenue. I think I'd say the same thing about revenue that Jeff and Cameron said about expenses. I think we're a little ahead of where we might have thought we'd be right now. Those obviously take a little bit longer to execute, require obviously closing sales, et cetera, in some cases, some product development. But if you told me a few months ago, we would've already closed our first cross-border deal in Canada, I'd have been surprised, really pleased at the way the sales forces are working together. So we are equipping that Heartland sales force to do cross-border sales as we speak, with an initial focus on Canada, followed by Europe and the UK. We're also adding in targeted, I would call almost surgical additions to sales folks in white spaces, white space territories we don't have full coverage, which is outside the plan and kind of a unique synergy we've run across in the last few months. And maybe as interesting, to go back to some of the things as we've talked about in earlier calls, we're enabling the technology businesses, the software businesses like TouchNet, the campus solutions business to sell software and Global Payments processing in Canada and Puerto Rico, with UK and Europe to follow shortly. And the same for the commerce businesses around the world, and beginning the process of enabling those going forward.
Glenn Greene: So the other question, look, I'll ask a couple, and then just jump back into the queue. But as it relates to the revenue synergies, is it early to sort of be thinking about potential pricing benefits, or how have you thought about that, and the timing of that? And the other question is unrelated to the synergies, maybe just sort of the OpenEdge expectations into 17, and what you're assuming in terms of the benefit from the European, or this UK interchange reduction? Are you going to keep that? It seems like some of your other peers are sort of passing that through, and I'll jump back in. Thank you.
Cameron Bready: So Glenn, it's Cameron. I'll start with the first couple of items. As it relates to pricing, there is no assumption in our fiscal 17 guidance for any sort of pricing changes, with respect to the Heartland portfolio. So that's a fairly easy one to address. With respect to your second question around interchange, the interchange benefits came into effect in December, as we talked about in the UK. Obviously, the interchange benefits themselves are transitory benefits, as they have been in other markets where we've seen such changes over the course of time, including the US back in 2012, and of course, Spain in 2014. So over the course of time, we do expect the market to rationalize those pricing benefits. We're seeing in the UK, what we expect to see, and have seen in other markets, as it relates to these transitory benefits. Over time, they'll get rationalized away, and spreads will return to pre-interchange reduction levels over a 12 to 18 months time frame, and I think the UK's very much on that track currently. One element to note with the UK, is we did see some early adoption of the SEPA rules in Q4 of 15. So Visa reduced some debit interchange in Q4 of 15, MasterCard also reduced some credit interchange in fiscal 2015. So we have started to begin to annualize some of the early benefits from SEPA, but the largest changes obviously came into effect in December of 15.
Jeff Sloan: I'd also say, Glenn, on OpenEdge, our assumption fiscal 17 is that it continues that mid to high teens rate of growth that we've been describing, probably over the last two to three years.
Glenn Greene: All right. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital. You may begin.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Hey, guys. So I wanted to make sure I got this right. So you said 70 basis points of margin on a constant currency basis, and I thought I heard you say, Cameron, 40 basis points on reported for the total Company? Is that right?
Jeff Sloan: That's correct, Dan, yes.
Dan Perlin: Okay. So when we run that through, and you talk about Europe being down, Asia flat, and I look through this kind of organic growth of high single-digit in North America. And we certainly are layering in the cost synergies, it sounds like there might be maybe meaningful costs that you guys are taking out of the core business? Is that right to assume that, in order for you guys to have that 40 basis point increase? And if so, I'm just wondering how sustainable, or you how quickly does that come in?
Cameron Bready: Well, I think, Dan, I'd point you to our cycle guidance that we updated on the heels of the Heartland transaction, where we indicated over the cycle, we expect to be able to expand margins by up to 75 basis points annually. So I think the constant currency guide that we provided today is towards the high end of that expectation. I think we're particularly pleased with that, as we said before, because as you know Heartland comes in at a lower margin than Global Payments has operated at historically. So I think we've been able to absorb that degradation, and expand margins this year at a level consistent with our cycle guidance on a constant currency basis. So I think when you roll it all together, we obviously, are expecting margin expansion in North America. We are expecting a little bit of margin headwind in Europe as I noted on the prepared remarks, largely as a result of integration costs for the Erste transaction and currency. In Asia, we expect to maintain the significant margin improvement that we achieved in fiscal 16. When you roll that together, obviously with North America now being almost 70% of the combined business, the margin expansion in North America really drives the total Company margin expansion.
Dan Perlin: Yes. That's great. So the organic growth of high single-digit again in North America, how do we parse that in terms of - you guys consolidating share up, with maybe the integrated model increasingly, volumes and then pricing opportunities? I know you said, you're not repricing the Heartland portfolio, but that continues to be a pretty strong number, in a market that I think secularly isn't growing that fast. So maybe you could just parse that a bit? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I mean, I think I'd start with, Dan, both us and Heartland pre-transaction, were growing at a faster rate than the market rate of growth. So I think when you put these two businesses together, and you're able to accelerate growth, the way that we believe we'll be able to, I think we feel very good about that high single-digit organic revenue guide - organic revenue growth guide for FY17. If you deconstruct the parts a little bit, our core direct distribution businesses in the US, which includes our traditional go-to-market [indiscernible] business, OpenEdge, our gaming business, again still growing high single digits, that's our expectation next year, led obviously by OpenEdge as Jeff mentioned earlier, which we continue to expect to grow in the mid to high teens level. If you look at the Heartland side, again their direct sales business we expect to grow high single digits, consistent with the trends we've seen in that business. Their integrated businesses, similar to ours are growing double-digit. You roll all that together again, and you have a business that's very well-poised to grow organically in the high single-digit range in FY17 and beyond, and that's consistent with the cycle guidance we provided historically.
Jeff Sloan: And Dan, it's Jeff. I would just say, as I said in my prepared remarks, we announced the Heartland deal in December, we closed in April. Here we are sitting in July. And as I mentioned in the prepared commentary, that Heartland has experienced one of the strongest periods of new sales growth since April in the last three months, well post the announcement and into the close. So we couldn't be more delighted with the ongoing rate of performance at Heartland, as well as our legacy global business. So it's very easy to see a scenario, if we announced something in December, and you don't see that kind of acceleration. But we've seen exactly that kind of acceleration into Heartland, gives us a lot of confidence heading into FY17.
Dan Perlin: That's great. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dan.
Cameron Bready: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just want to ask about Europe. I think Europe grew 7% constant currency. That was down from a big quarter last year -or last quarter, I think it grew 16%. So just trying to figure out the delta change there on the top line in Europe?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll lead off. There's really two things. First of all, in Q3 it was 15% on a constant currency growth basis, and that included inorganic growth from Realex, which we didn't have this quarter, as Realex annualized in the fourth quarter. So that's a big chunk of the difference as a starting point. I would say, the second element that impacted Europe in Q4 is I mentioned earlier in my comments, we've started to begin to annualize some of the early benefits from interchange reductions in the UK in particular. Last year, MasterCard in the fourth quarter of 2015 lowered credit interchange from on average roughly 100 bips to 80. And Visa changed debit interchange from the 8p a transaction to 20 basis points plus 1p. So those early benefits from the SEPA regulation that didn't actually become effective until December, we began to annualize in Q4 of this year, which created a little bit of headwind. Europe still grew high single-digits on a constant currency basis. That's in line with our overall expectation for Europe. So I would say it was a quarter, Europe-wise, that was very much consistent with our overall expectations.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then going forward, it sounds like it goes back up mid-teens constant currency in Europe. Is that the Erste JV pushing that up, and what would it be ex Erste, I guess JV?
Cameron Bready: Yes, that's a good question, Bryan. So we do expect Europe to grow next year in the high single-digits on an organic basis. And then, of course, the Erste joint venture is adding inorganic growth to top line revenue expectations for Europe in FY17. So those would be the component pieces next year.
Jeff Sloan: Hi, Bryan, it's Jeff. I think you'd also see Spain finally start to annualize, the annualization of the original benefits starting on September 1. So as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, that Spain hit yet another double-digit volume and transaction growth quarter, I think their fifth consecutive in the quarter in a market that's probably going half that. And you're finally going to see that accelerate into the beginning of our second fiscal quarter in 2017.
Cameron Bready: And that's in the high single-digit growth expectation organically for Europe for the full year. We'll annualize (multiple speakers) the benefit of the UK interchange reductions as you know in December.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then, just to close the loop here. On the international operating margins, they fell a little bit on a year-over-year basis, and obviously were down sequential. Just any - I think it also has to do with some of the pieces on the top line we talked about, but anything else to think about there, that caused the drop in the international operating margins? And congrats on the quarter.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Bryan. Appreciate it. No, I think you've got it right. Obviously, currency had a fairly significant impact on margins, particularly in Europe. The other item I mentioned in my prepared remarks again, relates to investments we're making in our e-com omni-channel solutions business in Europe. We're continuing to invest in that platform. We are preparing to launch a bundled solution in Spain, similar to what we launched in the UK earlier in the fall. That's coming in the next few months. So we did make investments to prepare for that market rollout, which we think will obviously be helpful to accelerating growth in Spain. So those investments were a little bit of a drag on margin in Q4. But in the grand scheme of things, we really try to target margin expansion for the total Company. Which once again, we achieved this quarter and we're very pleased with the level of margin expansion that we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2016. Europe being nearly 50% margin, our goal is to largely sustain, or close to sustain that level of margin, and really looking to drive total Company margin expansion through North America primarily.
Bryan Keane: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Kwok with KBW. You may begin.
Steven Kwok: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Most of them have been answered, but just wanted to go back on Brexit, in terms of the contingencies. Can you just talk a little about the contingencies that you had in place? And then if things were to let's say, deteriorate further, what are the other steps that you can take? Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Hey, Steven, hi, it's Jeff. I'll start on that. As I said in our commentary, we anticipated that this might happen, even though it wasn't our preferred option. As a result, immediately after the referendum, we took a number of steps by way of contingency, to prepare the business in the event that the macro environment in the UK deteriorated further. Those were along the lines of a bit of deferral on some investment we were going to make, Steven, by way of headcount, and product in the UK, and in Ireland. We also had plans, in the event that things change further, we also have plans to make additional decisions around our European businesses, if that's what's needed. I would say though, if you back up, that hasn't happened today. So as we said in our commentary, that post Heartland, our UK business is single-digits, as a matter of revenue of our businesses. I think we've shown, with what we've done in Asia over the last year, that to the extent that there are emerging headwinds, that we'll get ahead of those, as we did in the fall of 2015 in Asia. So I think sitting here today, we're as well-positioned as could be and obviously, we're here to manage proactively if things change. But that's not the case today.
Steven Kwok: Got it. And you mentioned on the call, around select acquisitions. Could you talk about what are some of the opportunities that you're seeing that's out there?
Jeff Sloan: Sure, Steven. It's Jeff. As always, we start with what's available for sale. We're really looking for things that are in our wheelhouse from a strategic point of view, and have the right partnership and culture to really drive the business forward, relative to our other alternatives for our capital. I would say sitting here today, a number of those opportunities are really in the Asia-Pacific region. Cameron, I think talked about the eWAY transaction that we consummated in the fourth quarter of 2016, driving additional omni-channel and e-commerce activity in Australia and New Zealand. We're looking at a bunch of technology-related businesses in Asia primarily. Obviously, we think we're relatively full-up here, post Heartland, in North America. And as Cameron mentioned, we just closed our Erste JV on June 1, and we think we have a fair amount of work ahead of us, to continue that integration over the next period of time. So I think we look at opportunities. Sitting here today, those are likely to be more weighted towards Asia. But of course, we're flexible, and it depends on what comes available for sale.
Steven Kwok: Great. Congrats on the quarter again, and thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from George Mihalos with Cowen. You may begin.
George Mihalos: Great. Congrats on the quarter, and thanks for taking my questions, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Georgios.
George Mihalos: Maybe just to kind of kick things off, appreciate your talking about calendar 2017, and kind of giving the constant currency guide of $3.75 to $4.00. But could you also kind of give us a sense of what that might be on a reported basis, kind of what you're thinking there?
Cameron Bready: George, it's Cameron. I'll maybe start. You can see from our FY17 guide, that we're forecasting anywhere, maybe $0.10 to $0.15 of currency headwind in FY17, as a result of - primarily weakness in the pound stemming from the Brexit referendum in the UK. So you can sort of extrapolate that further into calendar 2017. But sitting here today on July 28, it's very difficult. I think with any sort of accuracy to predict what currencies may do in calendar 2017. Frankly, at some point, I hope to annualize these fairly significant headwinds. I sort of view flat, as the new up, from a currency point of view. So I think when you get to flat, you can kind of get a sense from the guide we've given for calendar 2017, as the earnings power of the business, that we're able to generate, notwithstanding the FX headwinds over the past couple years. But if we can get a normal FX environment, obviously 20% cash earnings per share growth on a constant currency basis is fairly attractive and well ahead of our cycle guidance, and well ahead of what I think our peers and other industry participants are able to produce.
George Mihalos: Yes. No, that's fair. And just kind of moving on, focusing again on the US market, just what are your expectations in FY17 for ISO growth? And then, are you guys thinking - I know right now with all the confusion going on with EMV certification and the like, but as you think about calendar 2017, would you consider implementing EMV noncompliance fees?
Cameron Bready: Let me start with the ISO comment, that's the easier question. I'll give David the harder question around EMV. On the ISO side, we're expecting essentially flat growth, or roughly no growth out of the ISO channel. As we talked about historically, with the pivot we've made to direct distribution, particularly on the heels of the Heartland transaction, where we've essentially invested over $4 billion now in direct distribution in the US market, that is the focus of our business going forward. It's obviously the driver of the growth. We'll continue to serve our ISO partners well, but that is not a focus for our business, and we're certainly not expecting any tailwinds from the ISO channel. We expect it to be relatively flat.
David Mangum: And then, George, on EMV plans, our focus to date has been on the transition for our customers, making it seamless, and really delivering to them security solutions bundles that really can drive maybe some nominal market share gains. So I think the way to look at what Cameron and Jeff have been describing, is there is no assumption of economic benefit from EMV whatsoever, but that is something we're exploring. As we get deeper into 2017, we're certainly going to have to think about where the risks are in the industry, where we've added value to our customers, where we may not be being compensated. But it's nowhere in the expectations. It's just something to think about as a marketing matter.
George Mihalos: Okay, great. And just last question from me. Just again as it relates to the EMV certification issues that we've seen with some small merchants. Has that had any impact on your business at all?
Jeff Sloan: No, it hasn't. And I guess, I appreciate you asking the question. I know that there have been folks out talking about certifications, about backlogs, some folks talking about acquirers delayed in certifications. I can tell you this, we have no backlog in our infrastructure anywhere, whether it's a direct channel or an integrated channel. So whomever is talking about those types of things to you guys, whether it's an opinion, or it's some other delays, it's not Global Payments.
George Mihalos: Great, thank you.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, George.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Condra with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Paul Condra: Great, thanks. Good morning, all. I guess, I wanted to ask first just about Canada. You talked about launching OpenEdge there, and some of the cross-border business. Is it your expectation that growth rate there could accelerate at some point, or just could you talk about that a little bit?
David Mangum: Yes. Paul, this is David. Our expectation is indeed that we can accelerate Canada with really a couple of things. One is bringing in these new global initiatives like more e-com business, some of the fastest growing part of that market. And certainly with OpenEdge, where we're up to 30 partners. And we're just really beginning to build that sort of purpose-built ecosystem I've talked about before, partners, campaign management, and our sales teams to accelerate growth. So early stages. Hence, you've seen from Cameron very traditional Canadian expectations for now for 2017, which I'm expecting our Canadian team to beat this year. And then beyond that, it's the Heartland synergies. So being able to take the products, whether it's education products, or the commerce point of sale cloud software across border to Canada. And just being able to take the US-based customers and prospects that our Heartland sales force will close in the coming months and quarters, and take those and extend those to Canada as well. So we think we've got lots of tools to accelerate Canada now, really for the first time in the last five years in Global Payments.
Paul Condra: Thanks. That's good to hear, and thanks for that detail. I guess, just as a follow-up, you also talked about some e-commerce enablement. And I'm wondering if you can talk about, in the US, your e-commerce strategy, how important is that, how you think you can get bigger there, if that's something that you really want to go after?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, it's certainly something we want to go after. It's obviously a growth pool in the United States, and it's one of the hidden benefits of the Heartland transaction, to be frank. First off, we finally have a real substantial direct sales force in the US, a strategic distribution asset that we did not have before. We also have OpenEdge, which is a fantastic business, and our vertical gaming and credit giving [ph] businesses, but we've not had a direct sales force like this. And another hidden benefit of Heartland, they have a true e-commerce solution for the United States as well. Great product folks, a great development team, and actual product in market, that's seeing success. In fact, we actually signed a record number of e-commerce customers in Heartland during the June quarter as well. So we're seeing increasing momentum that fuels our confidence, both about integration overall, and the type of accelerated growth the two companies can deliver that Cameron described earlier.
Paul Condra: Okay, thanks. I don't know if you could maybe size that, or give us any metrics around it? And then I'll jump. Thanks a lot.
Jeff Sloan: I think it's tough to size on direct metrics. Obviously, you have the two fastest organic growing acquirers in the industry combined. We think we can accelerate that growth, so we're pretty confident, it's pretty fast-growing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. You may begin.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question, guys.
Cameron Bready: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Jeffrey: Wonder if we can dig in a little bit on sort of the North American, specifically the US competitive environment with regard to ISVs? One of your competitors talked about ramping sales and marketing this morning around that business and other fast growth channels. So wonder if you might just talk about perhaps residuals in that business. And then also, if you have any view on the PayPal Visa relationship, and whether or not you'd expect perhaps PayPal to try to become a merchant of record in physical world, if that's something you've thought about at all internally?
David Mangum: Yes, Andrew, it's David. I'll start with some of the integrated ISV talk. Obviously, our industry is highly competitive, but I don't think there's a sea change at all in the competitive nature of what's going on around ISVs and integrated payments. I think in particular if you think about the results we posted in 2016, our confidence in Heartland to date, and then the expectations for 2017, we're expecting another mid to high teens delivery from OpenEdge. They continue to drive across into new verticals. We don't see some of the larger competitors you're describing in our specific verticals in the OpenEdge business. We continue to drive that growth in the dentist, the pharmas, the things we talked about. Again, a highly competitive, every deal is competitive in this space, but we win more than our fair share with the integrated solution we drive. On the Heartland side, you've got the education verticals, the two, the one for K through 12, the one for university, that combination is double-digits as well. And the same thing, competitive deals, but we're driving and winning more than our share. I think the final piece of this is really the commerce businesses, where we've got new assets where we're just beginning to pursue restaurant and hospitality. There we're going to see more competition, but it's all going to be incremental to us. So we're very excited about our growth opportunity on that side.
Jeff Sloan: Okay, Andrew, it's Jeff. On Visa PayPal, we're a very good partner of both Visa and of PayPal I think, anything that drives toward more adoption of card-based usage, whether it's relative to ACH, relative to cash and check, et cetera, is really nothing but good news for our businesses. I would note, that in that partnership in particular, that's a US-only deal. Visa PayPal is the way it's been described externally. Most of our business with PayPal, as you probably know is outside of the United States, and in particular, mostly outside of North America, primarily in Europe and Asia. So I don't think by itself, it's going to have really a direct impact, just because of the geography that's been described. I think as a concept, to get to your other point, the idea that there's more volumes going through digital wallets, through two partners like Visa and a PayPal, is really nothing but good news for our business longer term.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. You may begin.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So it sounds like you're running ahead of plan on both revenue and cost synergy for Heartland, which is obviously good to hear. So should we assume that you may do better than the mid single-digit EPS accretion target from Heartland in FY17? Or what's actually baked into the FY17 guidance, is it still the mid single, or is it something a little north of that?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Jason, it's Cameron. I'll maybe start with that one. So if you think back to December when we originally announced the Heartland transaction, consensus for us for our FY17 was around $3.32. And we guided to mid single-digit accretion which kind of gets you to $3.47 [ph] or so. If you think about where we are now, we just guided on a constant currency basis $3.50 to $3.60. So a midpoint of $3.55. That kind of implies high single-digit accretion year one, which is pretty attractive from our point of view, and obviously, an acceleration from what we originally announced on the deal in the December time frame. Obviously, we've seen a $0.10 of - $0.10-plus maybe of incremental FX headwinds. There's a little bit of noise around FX. But on an apples-to-apples basis, we're kind of looking at FY17 being high single-digit accretion from Heartland, and that's pretty exciting.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's real helpful. And then, just two other quick ones related to 2017 [ph], just your plans for growth in that direct sales force, as well as the interest expense expectations?
David Mangum: Yes, Jason, David here. We do plan to keep growing the sales force. It's measured. It's surgical. As I said a little while ago, we've identified white spaces, where we want to accelerate growth and sales coverage as we speak. So we will keep growing that sales force, measuring it against demand and opportunity. But there's a lot of room for growth, in terms of just headcount adds, as well as in coverage that you'll see in the coming quarters.
Cameron Bready: On the interest expense side, I think we've provided a little bit of color around interest rate expectations back in the Q3 call. We have about $2.8 billion of incremental debt associated with the Heartland transaction, actually we'll pay a little bit of that off the course of the year. Our weighted average cost of debt somewhere around $3.75 [ph] to $4.00 [ph], so in that ballpark. And then as a reminder, the legacy debt that we had, was repriced as well as part of the transaction. So there's probably an incremental 100 basis points on that. So it's going to be in the same, sort of probably $3.50 range for the historical debt. So all-in, that gets you to an interest rate expense assumption that's going to be in the north of $160 million range for FY17.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you, guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dave Koning with Baird. You may begin.
Dave Koning: Yes, hey, guys. I guess, a couple of things. First of all, is Spain - I know you're growing really well there, transactions and volume. Has revenue caught up with that? And if not, like when does revenue catch up with the same transaction and volume growth?
Cameron Bready: Yes. Hey, Dave, it's Cameron. Great question. Revenue is essentially flat now. So we have caught up, in the sense that we've gotten revenue to its flat to slightly up. As we get to September, and annualize the annualization of the interchange benefit - I know it gets complicated - we would expect revenue growth to trend back to the same level of transaction and volume growth that we're seeing in that market, which is double-digits to mid-teens. So we're very bullish on our execution in Spain. We, I think, are looking at our fifth consecutive quarter of growing transactions and volumes in the double-digits. We're growing well above the rate of market growth, and couldn't be more delighted with our partnership with Caixa [ph], and we see nothing but really tailwinds in that market. GDP has remained very solid in the market, and our execution has been terrific. So as we get into FY17, and get past the first quarter, we expect Spain revenue growth to return to that double-digit level. And it's obviously an important driver for overall expectations for European organic growth in FY17.
Dave Koning: Great. Okay. And then, the minority interest line, that one's always a little tough because there's been some of moving parts in and out, and now with Erste coming on. How do we think of that on a cash earnings basis in FY17?
Cameron Bready: Yes, David, it is a tough thing to model, and we've had joint ventures that we've unwound. We've added new joint ventures, and I recognize that's complicated. So with the addition of Erste, I would expect it to be up year-over-year relative to FY16 in aggregate by roughly 50%, relative to what we just reported for FY16. So that's kind of a rough guide. And we can obviously provide a little more color on that, if we have an offline conversation.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks. Nice job.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank. You may begin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thanks, guys. So my question is about the cadence of how we think of 1Q and 2Q? I guess, the other quarter's would be part of the new calendar reporting. And the reason I ask is, last year's August quarter was pretty much the perfect quarter, and very strong. So can you help from a modeling perspective with that?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin, it's Cameron. I tried to give a little bit of color on that in my prepared remarks, because we recognized a couple things. One is, the quarterly distribution of earnings in FY17, because of the FX headwinds in particular, are likely to be sort of the inverse of what we saw in FY16. So we expect 47% to 48% of the earnings to be distributed in the first two quarters combined, and the balance, 52% to 53% in the back two quarters, which to your point, will roll into the new calendar year. For the full FY17 guide, obviously, we're going to see the most FX headwinds in Q1 and in Q2 in particular, but primarily Q1. So still expect good growth in Q1 over FY16, and same for Q2. But it will ramp in the back half of the year, as we hope currency headwinds will begin to abate, number one. And number two, it's important to recognize that synergies ramp over the course of time as well. So as we're executing on synergies, and taking expenses out of the business, the benefits of those actions ramp over the course of the fiscal year, as we roll into FY18 as well. So those two things combined create an environment where, the back half will be a little bit stronger than the first half. But the overall expectations for the year, I think are very attractive.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. And I guess, that's a good segue to the next question I had, which is a synergy question. So if I think of the $50 million synergy for FY17, layer in that you're making investments basically for the first half of the year, that would imply a fairly strong move from investment to benefit in the latter half, which would mathematically seem to carry us to a synergy pace about $125 million. And I think, you partly addressed this, in a previous reply with regards to the EPS guidance. But why not just bring up the synergy target at this point, if you're already seeing that, is the question?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin, it's a really good question. So what I would start with is, when we look at our FY17 expectation, there's a lot of activities that are in progress today. We have dollar amounts tied to every one of those activities, but there's obviously execution that needs to be done to realize those synergies. So as we sit here today, we expect to achieve synergies in excess of the original $50 million-ish guide that we provided when we originally announced a deal in fiscal - at the end of, I'm sorry, December for FY17. But more importantly, as I said in my comments earlier, we're well on track to meet the overall run rate synergy expectation, by the time we get into FY18 and beyond of $125 million a year. As you know, with synergies, you have realized synergies in a particular period. But then, you also measure the run rate of the actions you have taken, and how they're contributing to the overall run rate expectation that we have of $125 million. So I think it's a little early, to I think try to put more specific numbers around where we think we're going to end up from a synergy point of view. But I would want to leave you with certainly, our perspective which is we have a high degree of confidence on being able to accelerate synergies for FY17, relative to what we originally anticipated, and certainly feel very, very confident in our ability to deliver on the total run rate synergy, that we had premised in the original transaction economics.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. Thank you guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Ashwin.
Andrew Langford: Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining our call this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-04-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Langford - Vice President, IR Jeff Sloan - CEO David Mangum - President and COO Cameron Bready - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank George Mihalos - Cowen Oscar Turner - Suntrust Steven Kwok - KBW Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird Tim Willi - Wells Fargo Kevin McVeigh - Macquarie Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Global Payments Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference call will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President, Investor Relations, Andrew Langford. Please go ahead.
Andrew Langford: Good morning and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2016 third quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during todays conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. In addition, some of these comments made on the call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, adjusted net revenue and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP measures. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings, adjusted net revenue and other non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP results, in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, Id like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff?
Jeff Sloan: Thank you, Andrew. And thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report another quarter of very strong results. We accelerated organic growth across our key markets with particular strength in our United States and United Kingdom businesses, continuing our track record of solid execution globally. Importantly, we are also on track with our pending acquisition of Heartland Payment, which we expect to close later this month. For the third quarter of fiscal 2016, we grew net revenue 6%, expanded margins 50 basis points, and increased cash earnings per share 17%, all this despite absorbing significant incremental foreign currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis, each of these metrics exceeded our expectations, reflecting the successful execution of our strategy and operational excellence across the organization. Now for more detailed highlights. We are especially pleased with our performance in North America, where we believe we continue to grow faster than our markets by capturing share and verticals at attractive growth and margin characteristics. Organic net revenue growth for our U.S. direct business accelerated in the quarter compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. OpenEdge continued its streak of mid to high-teens growth. Our gaming business also continued to deliver strong organic growth coupled with sound execution of the FIS gaming acquisition that was completed in June. In Europe, our UK business continues to execute exceptionally well with significant organic revenue growth. Our results also reflected benefits from the EU interchange regulation that became effective in December of 2015. Outside of the UK, Spain maintained its strong track record with yet another quarter of double-digit volume and transaction growth, well in excess of the market rate of growth and Spanish GDP. We remain pleased with the performance of our European e-commerce gateway business, Realex, and we are poised to enter the Spanish market with new omnichannel offerings in the coming months following the UK launch last fall. In the Asia-Pacific region, we produced strong revenue growth on a local currency basis, despite ongoing macroeconomic headwinds in Greater China. Our strategy to diversify distribution in the region by entering new geographic markets and partnerships has been successful. Ezidebit had another outstanding quarter, accelerating growth to 20% plus on a local currency basis. Our BPI joint venture also continues to perform in line with our expectations. Weve been able to offset macro weakness by solid execution illustrated by margin performance in Asia, which significantly exceeded our expectations. We are also building upon our successful partnership with Ezidebit with the acquisition of eWAY, a payment gateway and e-commerce technology company in Australia. Similar to Realex in Ireland, eWAY is a leading provider of payment solution to developers and software partners with approximately 25% of the online market. The combination of eWAYs cutting edge products with Ezidebit complements our global omnichannel solution strategy and will create the leading payment technology company in Asia-Pacific with nearly 40,000 merchant customers in Australia and New Zealand. We have made considerable progress on our pending acquisition of Heartland Payment Systems, which we look to close later this month. This transaction will accelerate transformative growth at a time when both businesses are executing strongly. And we continue to be impressed with the people we have met at Heartland. As we have done successfully with APT, PayPros, Ezidebit and Realex, we are confident in our ability to accelerate sales growth at Heartland. The goal of our integration is to ensure a frictionless transition post close, building on the momentum that Global Payments and Heartland have each had individually as one combined company. We are even more confident in the synergies that we described at the time of the transaction announcements and could not be more pleased with our proposed partnership. We look forward to welcoming our new colleagues shortly. Now, I will turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Weve made substantial progresses as a business in fiscal 2016 and are delighted to report another quarter of strong adjusted net revenue growth, operating margin expansion and cash earnings per share growth despite significant FX headwinds. Total company net revenue for the third was $497 million, reflecting growth of 6% versus the third quarter of fiscal 2015 or 11% on a constant currency basis. Importantly, normalized organic net revenue growth on a constant currency basis was high-single-digit for the quarter at the high-end of our cycle guidance. Operating margins expanded 50 basis points to 28.7% for the quarter or 110 basis points on a constant currency basis. Cash earnings per share increased 17% to $0.70 or 28% on a constant currency basis. North America net revenue grew 6% in the quarter with operating margin expansion of 70 basis points to 27.2% despite unfavorable currency trends in Canada. Normalized organic net revenue growth in our U.S. direct channels was high-single-digits for the quarter and accelerated sequentially relative to fiscal second quarter performance. Canada delivered solid growth in local currency, in line with expectations, driven by stable fundamentals. The weak Canadian dollar impacted North American net revenue growth by several hundred basis points. As Jeff noted, our European business performed exceptionally well again this quarter, posting revenue growth of 8%. Adjusting for adverse currency exchange rates, especially the British pound and euro, European constant currency net revenue growth was 68%. Operating margins in Europe for the quarter increased 10 basis points to 49.7%. Asia Pacific net revenue grew 9% on a constant currency basis despite continued macroeconomic weakness in Greater China. Reported net revenue growth in Asia-Pacific was 3% as a result of significantly unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate. We are particularly pleased with operating margins in Asia-Pacific for the quarter, which expanded by over 600 basis points. This was driven primarily by growth in our higher margin businesses, predominantly Ezidebit as well as expense management across the region in light of the broader macro trends. Capital expenditures in the quarter totaled $21 million. Free cash flow, defined as net operating cash flows excluding settlement assets and obligations less capital expenditures and distributions to the non-controlling interest was $77 million. In connection with our planned acquisition of Heartland, weve been engaged in a variety of financing related activities over the past few months. In February, we amended our existing credit facilities to retain them post closing of the Heartland transaction. At the same time, given strong interest from existing and new lenders, we entered into a new $735 million delayed draw term loan A facility to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the transaction. The new term loan A facility, which we expect to be more cost effective then our term loan B, allowed us to reduce the size of the term loan B component of the transaction financing by $735 million to $1.045 billion. In addition, in March, we successfully completed syndication of the $1.045 billion term loan B facility on terms and conditions more favorable than we expected, in December. As a result of these activities, we now expect the weighted average pro forma interest rate on our debt facilities to be in the range of 3.75% to 4%, as compared to the 4% to 4.25% range we anticipated at the time of the announcement of the transaction. We expect this will generate a meaningful amount of annual interest expense savings relative to our original pro forma assumptions. As we approach the closing of the Heartland transaction later this month, we intend to resume our normal capital allocation policies immediately thereafter. Although our near term priority is to return to our targeted leverage ratio, we retained sufficient capacity to continue to pursue the capital allocation program we have employed with much success over the past few years. As evidenced by the eWAY transaction, we remain interested in select acquisitions that augment our strategies globally. Likewise, you should assume that we will return to being a consistent buyer of our stock as means by which to return capital to shareholders. Now turning to our guidance for fiscal 2016, on a constant currency basis, we expect net revenues to be towards the high end of our guidance range of 10% to 12% growth over fiscal 2015. Given the continued weakness we have seen in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, in particular the British pound, we expect reported revenues to be towards the low end of our previous guidance range at of $2.06 billion to $2.10 billion. We are increasing our cash operating margin expectations and now anticipate margins will expand by at least 100 basis points in fiscal 2016 on a constant currency basis. Cash earnings per share are now expected to grow 16% to 19% over fiscal 2015 and range from $2.93 to $3. Finally, please note that our outlook does not include the impact of the Heartlands acquisition that we expect to close later this month. We anticipate that the addition of Heartland will add $80 million to $100 million to our net revenues and have a de minimis impact on cash earnings per share for fiscal 2016. Ill now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks Cameron. We are delighted with our teams accomplishments this quarter and this fiscal year. Looking ahead, were eager to finalize our transformative partnership with Heartland. This merger furthers the four pillars of our strategy described in our October investor day, grow and control direct distribution through the addition of 300,000 in merchants; add distinctive products and services in new markets, such as the K-12 and university educational markets; leverage our combined technological and operational advantages by increasing transactions nearly 50% on a pro forma basis; and continue to invest in our global businesses to generate superior returns. This is truly an exciting time and I look forward to speaking with you in July as one combined company. Andrew?
Andrew Langford: Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I would like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. Operator, well now take the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I guess the first question I have is with regards to the margin trajectory. And youve now performed, I guess better than expected on margin for a couple of years here. Im wondering how much more is there in terms of margin improvement ex the Heartland synergy? I mean basically Heartland was not a factor. And can you go through, as you look at the company in the present shape, what are the factors that continue to drive margin improvement; is it primarily scale, revenue mix, scale or what are the factors?
Jeff Sloan: Ashwin, its Jeff; Ill start and Ill ask Cameron to join me as well. First, I dont think weve got pretty of run rate -- runway on margin enhancement. I think as we said, probably a number of times in last couple of years, we view margins on a standalone basis in the low thirties as achievable and sustainable; even with terrific margin performance today, were still not at that level. I think to get to your question about whats driving that growth, undoubtedly scale is an important element in that but I think its really been a conscious decision in our part to shift our mix toward businesses that we view as attractive, and by attractive I mean growing faster than the rate of market growth with better margin characteristics. So, if you look for example at OpenEdge, which we talk a lot about that used to grow, as we said in our prepared remarks, at rate 2 to 3 times the rate of market growth. If you look at Realex, if you look at Ezidebit, these are all businesses, Ashwin, that first are growing very rapidly compared to their markets, but second, provide us with opportunities for further margin enhancement prior to Heartland. So, I dont think were in the early innings of where we can take the margins that gives us obviously a lot of comfort as we look toward Heartland to think about what we might do together as one combined company. Cameron?
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin, the only thing I would add to that -- couple of points. First, if you look at our guidance for this year, it sort of implies almost 30% margin -- growth of as we noted over 100 basis points year-over-year. We still have a lot of room relative to overall target level of low 30s to continue to expand margins from here on a standalone basis. In addition to the items Jeff described, the other things I would call out specifically are, one, the acquisitions we continue to do, improve scale and markets that we find attractive that have good dynamics where our businesses are geared towards higher margins solutions such as for example, the eWAY transaction that we just executed and its contributions to our Australian business and what it will to do margins in Australia to continue to improve those from their already attractive levels. The last thing I would mention is we continue make investments in our infrastructure to improve our operational leverage. We continue this transformation, we started out on several years ago, to move away from the holding company, operating company model, the business utilized from many years to the single unified operating company structure that David described at the investor conference back in October. Thats still in process. And I think that continued evolution provides a nice tailwind for margin expansion over time as well.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. And then, I guess the follow-up is really on Heartland. Your comments that Heartland -- the progress you are making on Heartland is better than where you are expected to be. Was that primarily, Cameron, a direction of your commentary on interest expense or were you also talking about other things such as conversations with clients, feedback you are receiving in the market, things like that if you could comment on that?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Ashwin, its Jeff. Ill certainly start. No, more its on a strategic side. So, what I would say is as we spend more time with our future colleagues at Heartland, weve been more and more impressed with the quality of the people, the quality of the culture and the business that Bob and the team have built over a period of decade at Heartland. I think David had said in the December call that there was roughly a little overlap between Heartland, its vertical markets and our markets, even though were both SME focused. Our view on that continues to strengthen, meaning there is relatively little overlap, as we see it. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we believe that we are even more confident today in the synergies that we described in December, sitting here in April. So, really, I was referring to the strategic rationale for the transaction and what we believe the receptiveness is and has been to-date with our partners at Heartland as well as with potential customers. Cameron, of course was commenting more on the financials but as well as commenting on the strategic objectives.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin, my comments in the script around the financing obviously serve to bolster the overall confidence in the transaction as well. Taking the financing risk off the table as we have in the first quarter of calendar 16, obviously it was a meaningful step towards executing the transaction. And obviously being able to do that on terms and conditions that were far more favorable than we would have expected back in December when we announced the transaction, again, gives us a nice tailwind as we look to close later this month and begin operating as a combined company in the next several weeks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bryan Keane: I just want to ask about the UK strength. Is that directly related to the changes in the EU regulation or is that something different?
Jeff Sloan: Hey Bryan, its Jeff. I would say its probably something different, meaning we probably had now 18 months of very solid new sales growth, organic sales execution in that market, yet the benefit of the interchange regulation really got picked up in December of 2015. So, certainly, the performance in the UK that I think we described last quarter on the call has significantly exceeded our expectations, really all-year implies, the last 18 months, just a little bit more of that. As it relates to the interchange benefit as we discussed in the context of Spain and also in the case of United States when we had Durban, 4 or 5 years ago, we view the interchange benefits a little bit more temporal. Thats just a function of over what period of time that will rationalize within the marketplace. But that business as it relates to that element of its growth has also met what our expectations were heading into the third quarter. So, its a little bit more of the latter of what you said in the former.
Bryan Keane: And do you expect the EU interchange benefit in the UK to last for a significant period, or is it hard to tell how long it will last for?
Jeff Sloan: No, I think Bryan, its very similar what we said about Spain and the United States markets, and other markets in which weve experienced it. We tend to think about it in 12 months increments for obviously reasons that you can imagine. This actually startles a number of fiscal years here, so it just started in December for us, given our May fiscal year. So, Id say Bryan, as we usually assume something like 12 to 18 months, until we get back to levels that predate, the interchange change, our actual experience has been closer to 18 to 24 months in terms of what we saw in the United States. I think sitting here, in Spain, and were probably 18 months after the inspection in September of 2014 in Spain, were still today Bryan at higher levels of spread in Spain than we were before, the adoption in the first place 18 months later.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, Cameron, I think you said $80 million to $100 million in net revenue for Heartland expectations. I guess, is that over four to five-week period and I guess, what well all do is, well extrapolate with that meetings for next year. Is there any seasonality in that number that you can guide us to as we build our models for fiscal year 16 and 17?
Cameron Bready: Sure, Bryan. And of course, well give you more color in July, obviously when we have our call as to what we would anticipate for Heartland for a full fiscal 17 for us. But to the first part of your question, yes, I mean, reflects sort of a four to five-week period. We dont know exactly when its going to close. Obviously we know when their shareholder date is and well look to close as quickly thereafter as possible. But we dont know the exact date on which it will close, hence the range. There is also obviously some work to do to ensure that theyre completely aligned with our net revenue reporting convention. We believe that the estimate we provided obviously is aligned but we need to get under the hood a little bit further to make sure thats the case as well. Their business is probably going to be seasonally similar to ours. So, to the extent that you want to try to extrapolate these numbers into a fiscal 17 early view, Id suggest their seasonality is not going to be materially different than what youd see in our business and that should help give you some color as to how to shape it for fiscal 17.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Your line is now open.
George Mihalos: Great, thanks for taking my question. I caught the commentary around the U.S. direct growth. Could you guys talk a little bit about what youre seeing in the ISO channel and then maybe somewhat related to that the rumored or expected migration of a large customer there off to a competitors platform, hows that coming along?
David Mangum: George, this is David, happy to help with a couple of those questions there and let Cameron add any details that I miss. In terms of the ISO channel, its really business as usual for us; it was another flat quarter from a revenue perspective. That means all the growth that Cameron is talking about the acceleration growth comes from our direct control channels. So, another very consistent quarter weve been talking about the ISO for quite some time as a flat, maybe low single-digit grower; it continues perform in that range. As to the migration youre talking about, maybe Ill be even more specific. I appreciate though the way youve phrased your question. Youre really talking about Mercury. And the migration in Mercury accounts that will be leaving us, did actually occur over the course of this past quarter, so by the end of our February, the month of February, our third quarter, the migrations were completed. As weve talked about any number of times that impact is already reflected in the guidance, you can tell from the performance we delivered in the United States this quarter, just how minor this migration is in terms of affecting Global Payments overall.
George Mihalos: Great, thanks for that.
Cameron Bready: Ill just add a couple of comments very quickly, as to the first part of your question, U.S. direct growth on a normalized basis organic was high single-digit for the quarter, accelerating sequentially over Q2, probably 50 to 100 basis points something in that range. So, were obviously very pleased that continues to be laid by OpenEdge, going mid to high teens, yet again. Obviously were now three years past the acquisition of APT and going on to for PayPros and continuing to perform again at growth levels that we find very, very attractive and the momentum remain very strong for that business. So, very pleased with our U.S. performance in Q3, as you noted.
George Mihalos: Thats great to hear. And just a quick follow-up on Spain, I think you guys made a commentary, the spreads are obviously higher than what they were prior to the interchange benefit coming through but have the spreads stabilized on a quarter-over-quarter basis, so if you compare the February quarter to the November quarter?
David Mangum: They have stabilized, theyve stabilized just above levels that Jeff noted before the interchange benefits but theyre quite stable right now. And then I think Id add to that whats really driving Spain is incredible sales growth, incredible volume growth that continues in the mid teens volume and transaction growth, both. So, weve got a little extra spread from back in the day plus that volume and transaction growth. Were in a great place in Spain right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Oscar Turner of Suntrust. Your line is now open.
Oscar Turner: So, weve seen some news on the backlog or EMV certifications, so just had a couple of questions on that. One, is this something that youre seeing within your merchant base? And two, does this backlog have any long-term implications for acquirers?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Oscar; its Jeff. Ill start and David can provide some commentary too. So, first, I saw the same series of article. The first thing Id say relative to those articles is unlike some of our peers, were independent, not owned by a bank. So, clearly, the implications of that article were that there were some relationships between bank ownership on the issuing side, on the acquiring side, and just so we all recognize that that wouldnt really not apply to us as it relates to the specific article, I think that youre referring to. As it relates to certifications, I think you see strength of ours has been early rollout, the EMV we announced probably a year ago, at this point, a little bit more than the year ago, a suite of products and services, EdgeShield and GlobalShield that were EMV compliant with encryption and tokenization and NFT all wrapped into one. So, I think everybody has had to push on the certification side, given the complexity of the U.S. broader ecosystem. So, I dont think thats different really for anyone. But I would say that were very proud of the fact that we were in market. And I think problem was probably very similar. In market very early on with the certifications, so we really on our side have not seen any meaningful impact as it relates to the certifications, the way that article really had alluded to as I read it. David, do you want to
David Mangum: Yes. Well, I think the key is the last couple of things you mentioned, Jeff and that we dont view EMV as a compliant exercise; its a part of a security solution were bringing to market, based on merchant demand. At the same time, we also are bringing to market what is global expertise in EMV. Weve rolled out EMV all over the world, as you might imagine, all the way back to Canada five years ago, which is probably the most recent example of needing to bring EMV to market to improve security for the merchants. When you think about the focus on security suites and solutions, weve been able to drive some new sales around security but EMV itself is in no way an economic tailwind for us. Its a process for us in terms of migration of making sure the ecosystem is more secure. From that perspective from the ecosystem perspective, our metrics are really right in line with what you might see from the industry at large. Measured migration, consistent migration is our theme driven by merchant demand, after merchant education from Global Payments. One thing I would note for you though is when you think about our key direct portfolios, things like OpenEdge, which is full of dentist offices, veterinary clinics, drycleaners; those are not high demand verticals for EMV migration. So, were working at the pace our merchants want to work, were trying to drive more education, drive more migration. As Jeff noted before, our certifications are in very good shape. Were just moving along with the market and in some cases a little ahead of the market. One more reminder in terms of percentages when you see them banded about by industry players, we have a very focused portfolio as is Heartland on small to medium merchants around the country. You wont find big box retailers in our portfolio; you wont find them by and large in Heartlands portfolio either. So, just remember that when we talk about the level of migration, the pace. Weve had a lot of small to medium merchants to go through as does the rest of the industry. Were going through them very consistently, very happy with the progress I think our merchants are as well. Were managing chargebacks of the merchants which may be a follow-up you might want to ask in terms of theres a minor uptick but very manageable so far. And I think again thats the result of years of global experience managing EMV, managing the shift and being able to help our merchants through it.
Oscar Turner: Okay, thanks. And just a small follow-up to that. About what percentage of your merchant base is updated for EMV, so either thats upgraded as far as hardware goes or thats able to actually process an EMV transaction?
David Mangum: Yes. I dont think were going to quote any specific percentages. I would stick with we are very consistent with the industry stats you see at large. Were very happy with the progress. And I think our merchants again are driving it from a demand perspective. But just know that whether youre talking about terminals in place that are ready to be enabled or actual enable transactions, were pretty consistent in our key verticals and a little bit ahead of the market. And the industry says its about 20%, that obviously includes an awful lot of big box retailers because theres been a great deal of movement in the last few months from very low single digits up to that 20 percentage kind of mark youve seen in the press in the last couple of weeks. Thats a lot of big box retail. But its really nice progress for the industry. I think well keep making more progress on the global side obviously as we go forward.
Cameron Bready: Hey Oscar, its Cameron. I just want to add one other note to a pattern to Davids response. If youre thinking about this question, obviously theres an industry element too, but theres maybe a financial element as well. There seems to be a fair amount of confusion in the market as it relates to the financial impacts of EMV and some of thats driven by in the space; theres a lot of issuers who also do acquiring etcetera, etcetera. I think for Global Payments in particular, EMV has certainly not been a tailwind, as it relates to our financial results. I think I still view it frankly as a headwind in the sense that we had to make investments into our systems, and Im still waiting for the return on that investment to some degree. Over time, obviously, I think we expect that to come. But to Davids point, our focus has really been heretofore on ensuring that our merchants have all the tools available to them to become complaint working at a pace that aligns with their desires to become EMV complaint. We havent really viewed it as an economic return opportunity thus far. So, the conventional wisdom is EMVs been a tailwind for all the acquirers, thats really not the case for us, but we have been I think managing through it very, very effectively.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kwok of KBW. Your line is now open.
Steven Kwok: Great, thanks for taking my questions. Just going back to eWAY, could you talk about how big it is in terms of what the financial impacts are?
Cameron Bready: Steven, its Cameron, Ill just jump in quickly. So, purchase price wise, its small. I mean its sort of 50ish million U.S. So, its not a particularly large asset but its a very nice, I think of it as a product add to our existing position in Ezidebit business in Australia; it obviously enhances our omnichannel solution strategy that we spoke at great length about in October at our investor day. I think bringing that asset to our portfolio into Australia really positions us to accelerate our omnichannel solutions capability in market. And weve really looked at it very simply as a buy versus build opportunity. Were delighted with Realex and what its been able to bring to our portfolio. As we noted in our prepared comments, we launched the bundle in the fall in the UK, were bringing it to Spain in the not too distant future. But as it related to Australia, this was a very unique opportunity to buy the market leader from an e-com point of view, coupled with our existing presence with the Ezidebit, which weve been thrilled with their performance to create the leading technology enabled distribution platform in the Asia-Pacific region. So, it was a fantastic opportunity. And one of the side benefits of structuring the Heartland transaction the way we did is weve maintained the financial capacity to be able to do these types of things and were obviously delighted to have eWAY as part of the family.
Steven Kwok: Got it. And then just could you update us on perhaps your M&A pipeline as well?
Jeff Sloan: Sure. Steven, its Jeff, Ill respond to that. So obviously, we announced product expansion today with eWAY. As we said in December at the time of the Heartland announcement, we continue to have term sheets out in a bunch of regions, primarily in Asia and in Europe; of course, were pretty full up here in the United States and in the North America with the depending close of the Heartland transaction. So, I think as you look at eWAY and as you look at Erste, which we expect to close by the end of this fiscal year, I think to Camerons point, those are pretty good examples of the types of transactions that we have sheets out on today, which is to say while towards the lower end of what weve invested in transaction nonetheless very meaningful from a strategic and new markets point of view. And I would look to seeing some more of those as well as Cameron mentioned in his remarks, a return to the normal cadence of capital allocation that weve been doing as a company over the last 3.5 years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hi, good morning. Id just want to first start on Asia-Pac; I guess the margins there a nice upside. How much this is from the proactive cost cutting -- I think you mentioned given I think China and how much impact have you seen from a macro perspective from China? Can you quantify some of that? Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Tien-tsin, its Jeff, Ill start. So, one of the things that we pointed out in our prepared remarks is that weve been very successful in Asia-Pacific by adding new markets and by increasing our presence in markets that have been performing well. So, weve talked a lot about Australia, we just responded to Steven talking about eWAY and Ezidebit. Of course we have our joint venture with Bank of the Philippines Islands which are also performing in line with our expectations and weve been in that market before the JV and increased our size and have the second largest presence in that market thereafter. As a result, weve been able to grow -- to answer your question, weve been able to grow the Asia-Pacific business 9% on a constant currency business this quarter. So, Id say, were still getting very good growth. And Greater China, which I define as Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, as a percentage of the business in Asia-Pacific and so reduce from probably number of years ago probably around half of it to maybe around 30% currently. And thats largely is a result of targeted additions in other markets like Australia, New Zealand and the Philippines. We also continue to grow very well in markets like Singapore, beyond the two or three that I just listed. So, Id say theres been a fair amount of revenue growth and about two-thirds of Asia-Pacific, Tien-tsin, coming from markets other than as a percentage of revenue, other than Greater China, providing in the case of Ezidebit 20% plus growth. Its not really going to have a dramatic an impact on the revenue growth in any one quarter, Greater China that is. So, I think a lot of its coming from the mix of business, particularly that Ezidebit is at a much higher margin than the overall company as well as Asia by itself and thats how I think about it. Cameron, you can comment maybe a little bit on the expense side.
Cameron Bready: Sure. Ill just start maybe, Tien-tsin, on Ezi. So, I would note first and foremost, were a year plus beyond the acquisition. Weve now, I think in our minds fully integrated Ezidebit, so that is creating an environment where incremental margins at Ezi are improving. And obviously its already higher than our Asia average margins, and its increasing from there and accelerating from there. So, I think thats contributing to it. But as it relates to the expense side, I think what we really try to do is look at our core business in Asia-Pacific outside of Australia and to some degree the Philippines where we have the joint venture with BPI and really try to rationalize the size of the expense base relative to the outlook for that market over the next 12 to 18 months. And the reality is, we do expect continued weakness in China, hopefully weve seen before, but we dont expect it to rebound dramatically in the near-term. So, we really try to reposition the business to ride out what we expect to be a soft spot in the cycle in the Greater China market and position the business for continued success. And I think youre seeing the results of that play through in margins this quarter.
Tien-tsin Huang: So, just as my follow-up, I think Ill ask on Canada. Just any update on volume and spread performance, any callouts there, I think were all watching the growth very closely?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think, Ill start by saying were delighted with the performance of our Canadian team this year. Their ability to forecast, predict and manage their business to produce results in line with our expectations in light of what is obviously a continued soft macroeconomic environment has been fantastic. So, Ill start there. I think we continue to see sort of our code for stable fundamentals is the combination of stable low-single-digit transaction volume growth and relatively stable spreads. So, when we talk about fundamentals for Canada, our expectation is the combination of transaction volume growth and stable spread is going to produce low-single-digit growth in local currency in that market. Weve been consistently doing that now for probably 8 to 10 quarters I would say. And I remain very pleased with how that team has performed in light of the broader macro issues.
David Mangum: And maybe, Tien-tsin, this is David, a little commercial for Canada, were ahead on sales. So, when you lay on top of that sales growth and new product introductions, things like OptBlue that we can rollout on a global basis, you got that little bit extra to help make you feel more confident, managing those stable conditions and stable metrics that Cameron was describing.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning of Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Dave Koning: Yes, hey guys. Nice job and I guess first of all just on Spain. Im wondering if that could be a nice catalyst for growth or improving growth into next year. I know you said spreads are still up but is revenue right now down because spreads on year-on-year basis are probably still down and the minority interest line was pretty weak this quarter. So, Im just wondering if Spain right now is even though good in a little tougher spot but basically set to really nicely to accelerate and help next year?
David Mangum: Yes. Dave, its David. I think thats a really interesting question in that. Where Spain its right now is flat to slightly up in terms of revenue growth, which is really remarkable when you think about annualizing that interchange benefit and its of course driven by the amazing sales we get out of the branches and the resultant volume and transaction growth in mid teens. So, youre exactly right. As we look ahead, I can think through fully annualizing spread changes et cetera as we head toward September, it is accelerating as we speak in terms of market share and penetration and it will be a piece of the European growth story that Cameron was describing earlier as we go forward, no question about it.
Cameron Bready: And David, its Cameron. The only thing Ill add to Davids point more specifically, we annualize the annualization of interchange reductions in September. So, when youre growing transaction and volumes at the rate were growing, once you get beyond that date, obviously you should be top line growing at similar levels, which creates a nice tailwind, growing into the back half of fiscal 17 in Europe, as we start to annualize the interchange reductions in the UK.
Dave Koning: Yes, that all make sense, great. And I guess secondly, as we look out, next quarter, youll be giving guidance on fiscal 17 and well all be looking at Heartland and everything else going on, but is there anything as we look back over the last year or so, is there anything we need to think about from a comp standpoint so that were starting to think about the quarters right in the future, is like the Q1 comp for Q1 17, a really tough one or is there anything one-off that we need to be starting to think about now?
Cameron Bready: Well, I think, your point on Q1 is a good one. As we said in October, when we had our first quarter call, Q1 was an exceptional quarter this year and not one that we expect to duplicate, notwithstanding that there seem to be a view that wed duplicate it in Q2. And despite having a very good quarter, it wasnt quite as good as Q1. So, I do think thats a fair point as you think about setting your model up for fiscal 17. Outside of that, its just again and I talked to many of you guys about this, its assessing the FX impacts on results and trying to figure out how to overlay those on top of annualization of acquisitions that weve made and how all that plays through the financials. Obviously happy to talk more offline as to how to think about that but obviously the volatility around FX and the amount headwind weve seen from FX does make it little bit difficult from time to time to try to get reported results forecasted correctly quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year.
Jeff Sloan: I would say, Dave, though, its Jeff, thats exactly right. I would say that the Company as you know from our descriptions before, its going to go from about half the revenue being in the United States and half outside being dollar denominated into two-thirds post Heartland dollar denominated, so what Cameron projected right and first we saw with our three regions. And so, regionally I would hope and looking at Cameron and saying this, I would hope it would be easier to model, coming out just given the next 50% dollar denominated the overall Company going to two-thirds. So, my hope is well those things are exactly right that in terms of the impact as a whole on overall company revenue and all the company earnings, Im hopeful that more straight forward but as Cameron said, the devil is in the detail. So, Im sure well get that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Willi of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Tim Willi: Thank you, good morning. I had a question on just the e-commerce omnichannel; obviously youve talked a lot about this in the last year. So, given the success in the UK, and you talked about moving this into Spain, could you may be just review, like lessons learned, what has worked really, really well that you think is very exportable into other regions and may be areas either its competition or product where there were areas that needed to be improved and youve probably done that but may be hindered some of the performance that if there were any in terms of that, just give us better feel for the momentum and the potential?
David Magnum: This is David. A couple of lessons learned. Were finding very strong demand for the bundled solution in the UK. The place where were working hard is just probably on the joint sales proposition and being able to take what you might think of as a traditional sale and marry to it a more technology enabled piece of the sale; so, the gateway, marry to the acquiring, marry to reporting, marry to the fraud and credit management you have to be able to provide. All those tools are there. Probably the place where weve learned the most lessons have been on making those joint sales calls and enabling and equipping traditional sales folks to be able to sell either the early stages of e-commerce enablement to small to medium merchant or sell the entire bundle. The good news is with the demand weve had and the lot of execution weve seen, it has not affected our sales trajectory but were very pleased with the sales coming at back of the demand, but it isnt more technical sale. So being able to equip your sales people on a global basis to sell more technology enabled transaction processing is a challenge of its own. We feel like weve learned a lot in that really integrations in the UK and Ireland that will serve us well in Spain particularly. Its allowed us, Tim, to think more specifically about how you target a market and how you focus a piece of the sales force on the micro payments from sales and micro merchants, a piece of the sales force on small to medium, and then joint calling of experts may be from Ireland in addition to Spain on large to national merchants and certainly joint calling between all of your regions as well as your technical experts in the place like Ireland where Realex based on multi-regional or multi-market or regional accounts. So, really how you go to market has been where weve learned lessons. And again, were fortunate enough to be learning them in a situation where the sales are right at target, or above in many cases. So, we feel good about those pieces. And if you step back a little bit and think about this, the second and third piece of this is really partners and software developers. As you enter new markets, you want to continue the momentum you have with channel partners, so ISVs, cart providers, folks like that. You also want to develop and foster your relationship with developers, the PrestaShops of this world, and youve seen the press even from other providers in e-commerce world. So, in specific markets, youve got certain ISVs, cart providers, as well as the software providers. You are also taking your regional partners with you. So being able to go to market and manage the direct sales, as I described earlier, in a specific region, the face-to-face marry to the technology, as well as local channel partners, local software providers and with that an overlay of the regional folks and in many cases the global software providers. Its a little tricky and it comes down again to market segmentation and how you compensate and drive the direct sales force to certain behaviors you want to target the segments, make sure they dont trip over each other, and make sure that you can drive joint sales. Thats all a bit in its infancy in global, were really-really pleased with the thesis, so pleased that we went ahead and deployed $50 million of more capital in Australia to continue executing the same strategy where we can take this bundle with Ezidebit and eWAY to market and driving a deeper penetration, whats already the leading provider of small to medium size retail e-commerce in Australia. So, long winded answer, I realize, but its actually been a great deal of learning, a great deal of really excellent execution by our teams in Ireland and in the UK, and now about to be in Spain, this led us to feel really good about the execution levels we are seeing relative to something we spent a lot time describing at the Investor Day in October, omnichannel, global capabilities that we think we are uniquely positioned to sell.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Kevin McVeigh: Cameron, can you give us a sense of -- there has been obviously so much FX pressure. Do you feel like we are starting to anniversary that and maybe you think about say any kind of relief as we think about 16 into 17, and just any particular thoughts on the noise coming out of the UK as well around the potential exits, just as it relates to currency as well?
Cameron Bready: Its a great question, Kevin. I would say were still seeing some weakness in certain markets, particularly in the pound. And today is another example, I would point to today not only is the U.S. dollar sort of secularly strong, the volatility in some of these major currencies is down, see even pound moving 1.5 or 2 points intraday, for example, obviously makes it very difficult to forecast FX with any sort of certainty as we think and look forward. I think we are as we get into fiscal 17, particularly as we get into the back half of fiscal 17, hopefully going to be in an environment where we are starting to anniversary some of the stronger headwinds. But, I certainly dont think that we are approaching any time soon an environment where the U.S. dollar is going to weaken relative to most of the major currencies around the world to which we have exposure. I think we are in a sort of secular bull market for the U.S. dollar, I expect that to continue for some time, theres just not a lot out there that would cause me to believe that dollar is going to weaken. But as we continue to anniversary some of these bigger moves, for example, we anniversary the strong euro move in Q3 of this year, unfortunately that was more than offset by an equally strong move downward in the pound, at relatively the same time. So, where we have a good exposure to a fair number of currencies to Jeffs already point, part of the benefit of the Heartland transactions is it does de-risk currency exposure to the Company, on a macro basis, will be two-thirds U.S. dollar denominated business going forward and that obviously will diminish some of the FX exposure that we have globally. But, I am hopeful to get into an environment where in 17 where were seeing most of the strong headwinds begin to diminish to some degree.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Jason Kupferberg: I wanted to just ask a question regarding plans for the Heartland sales force, if we just think about retention, integration, et cetera, any latest thinking there?
David Mangum: Jason, its David. I think the thinking is very similar to what we described to you in December, thats in a large part of why were so attracted to the Heartland acquisition that sales force, its trajectory, its been remarkable at couple of years. The deeper weve gone into our homework on integration, the happier we are with what we found. So, our plans are really very similar to what they were in December. We dont want to screw this up. So, were going to keep the performance plan consistent, were going to keep the bills of right with which you are familiar and keep using those to drive organic growth. As the management matter, were very impressed with the team; we spend a lot more time with them. So, I think not a lot of changes at all, as you might imagine going forward. And their trajectory right now is really impressive. So, its more a matter of making sure we can figure out how to accelerate that with more product, maybe a different way to think about, enhancing the traditional distribution with again additional product out of Heartland commerce and the other business units, that are already in place there, so really pleased with the thesis, really pleased with the sales force and trajectory, no plans to change anything we described you in December.
Cameron Bready: The only thing Id add Jason, its Cameron, when you think about our entire approach to integration, its really behind the sales force, behind the customer, such that the objective is to not disrupt anything thats happing from a sales and sales momentum point of view, nor to create conflict at the customer level thats going to distract the sales, professionals from continuing to grow and expand the business. Our objective is to accelerate growth through that channel as weve been able to do with many of the previous acquisitions weve done. And the integration that were going to do will be behind the scenes, so that it wont impact the momentum that were expecting to be able to achieve from an organic sales point of view.
Jason Kupferberg: Thats helpful. And just to switch gears a little bit to the OpenEdge business, at our payments conference yesterday, there was a lot of positive commentary just about the amount of runway that remains for this channel. So, I just wanted to get an understanding from Globals perspective as far as which verticals youre most excited about, in terms of remaining runway, any updates on the size or growth of the dealer and developer network there?
David Mangum: Ill start and let these guys chime in if anything I miss. So, we continue to be very pleased with OpenEdge, it still grows in the mid to high teens, the revenue production is really, really impressive thats all at increasing margins that are higher than the companys margin, so back to several of the other questions earlier today. In terms of existing verticals, we remain very, very low penetrated. Thats not perfect grammar. But really, I dont think we have a vertical thats more than 20% penetrated anywhere in any of our key verticals. So, you think of vets and dentists; we talk about those a lot, pharma, we think about parking garages, all those very low levels. And weve got at sales force thats focused on driving deeper penetration into those verticals. At the same time though, were looking for the places to grow. So, we mentioned, the Heartland, discussed it before, where we dont have an education vertical in OpenEdge, we dont do restaurant and hospitality, the opportunity to drive deeper penetration in those verticals by OpenEdge that complements the direct sales force about whats your actually first question, its there, its real, we continue to work on that in integration planning. The other couple of things we have is we literally entered a new vertical in the United States that we werent in before just in the last couple of weeks. We entered the unattended payment vertical United States with a brand new partner, large ISV who plays in that space, youre talking about car washers, more parking, vending things like that, thats new and unique for OpenEdge. So, a brand new vertical, effectively with 0% penetration in that vertical as we sit here today but we know how to manage the ecosystem partners, merchants, leads and marketing to drive that and then maybe happy with news of all in terms of how we think about growing that OpenEdge beyond just the United States. The global opportunity is real. Were really pleased to announce we actually have opened up OpenEdge and launched it in the UK this quarter. So, we have a staff there, dedicated sales folks, dedicated product folks. Remember back to October in the Investor Day, one of our key pillars of accelerating global growth was the global expansion of integrated payments, OpenEdge driving the Canada, driving the United Kingdom. So, we have now launched our business in the UK, we can bring that dedicated and product in ecosystem to the United Kingdom to work with ISVs to drive the benefits of technology integration that dont exist in the UK, as they exist in the U.S. today. And still we can drive existing partners into the United Kingdom. So, U.S. based ISVs and software providers provide near-term sales opportunities. In fact, were going to bring a few customers live in the UK in just next few months, coming from U.S. based ISVs where were extending their franchise, extending the integrated payments benefit out to UK for them. So, more to come on this, but really OpenEdge is poised for more global growth but still continued excellent execution in the United States as we go forward.
Andrew Langford: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning and for your continuing interest in Global.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-12-15 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments' Investor and Analyst Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead. 
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments' conference call to discuss our acquisition of Heartland Payment Systems. We will also discuss our second quarter financial results and provide updated guidance for fiscal 2016. Accompanying slides are available via our webcast. Following the filing of our transcript of today's call with the SEC, a webcast replay will also be available on Global Payments' Investor Relations website. 
 This call is scheduled for 1 hour, and joining us today on the call are Jeff Sloan, our Chief Executive Officer; Bob Carr, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Heartland Payment; David Mangum, our President and CEO; and Cameron Bready, our EVP and CFO. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements and actual results could differ materially from these statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in our note about forward-looking statements in the press release we issued today and our and Heartland's SEC filings. 
 In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP results are included in the press release we issued today, which are available on our website at investors.globalpaymentsinc.com. 
 Now I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon on short notice. We are delighted to announce that Global Payments has today entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Heartland Payments in a landmark transaction for the payments industry. 
 I am pleased to be here with Bob, and together, we will discuss the strategic rationale for this combination. Cameron will then review the financial details of the transaction and also discuss our second quarter earnings and our now raised guidance for fiscal 2016. 
 This partnership will be a major milestone for Global Payments, transforming us into the leading provider of integrated payments technology solutions worldwide. Importantly, the transaction also positions our company as a leading provider of payment solutions for small to medium-sized enterprises in the United States. The merger combines 2 of the fastest organic revenue growers in payments and offers the opportunity to further accelerate revenue growth, margin expansion and cash earnings per share growth. 
 We believe that we can accelerate revenue growth by 100 to 200 basis points annually over time through substantial revenue enhancements. We also plan to realize the benefits of the best of both of our companies, which we expect to generate cost synergies of at least $50 million in our fiscal year 2017 and approximately $125 million annually thereafter. 
 At our recent investor conference, we reviewed the progress against our strategic scorecard as well as the opportunities to accelerate transformative growth across our markets. We believe this transaction meaningfully enhances both of those objectives. First, the partnership adds more than 1,400 sales professionals and 300,000 direct merchants, allowing us to further grow and control distribution in the United States, our largest market. 
 Second, we believe we can leverage Heartland's products and services globally. For example, Heartland's Campus Solutions business has a growing presence in the higher education market overseas, as do we. By combining our global sales capabilities with the Campus Solutions platform, we expect to grow far faster together than we can separately. 
 Finally, we believe we can accelerate growth in integrated payment solutions by combining OpenEdge's unique partner integration, marketing and distribution capabilities with Heartland's deep technology and expertise in hospitality point-of-sale solutions. Many of these point-of-sale solutions have overseas capabilities as well, which we can pair with our acquiring presence in 29 countries to drive additional growth. These solutions will be integrated with our existing investments in globalizing OpenEdge, as we discussed extensively during our investor conference. 
 Before I turn the call over to Bob, I want to highlight the importance of our common culture and the critical role of our employees in the success of this transaction. Each of us shares the view that our people come first and that neither of our businesses would have achieved the successes that it has enjoyed without our dedicated employee bases. To that end, we plan to retain the Heartland name, Merchant Bill of Rights and Sales Professional Bill of Rights after the transaction. 
 Finally, it's worth a moment to reflect on the amazing job Bob and his team have done, building a Fortune 1000 company in the payments industry. I personally know Bob for 15 years and have watched him build this innovative high-growth company that we look forward to welcoming into the Global Payments family. I will now turn the call over to Bob for his thoughts. 
Robert Carr: Thank you, Jeff. It's a privilege for me to be here with Jeff Sloan and the leaders of his management team. I'm excited because this merger meets so many of my personal goals for the future and the succession of the leadership of Heartland. 
 First and foremost, it was important for us to find the best possible home for Heartland's 4,588 employees, including our world-class sales organization, our best in the industry IT team members and the most outstanding customer service organization in the industry. We have learned and grown a lot over the years at Heartland and we have much to be proud of. 
 The deal clincher for us was when Jeff and David Mangum and Cameron Bready agreed to operate our business in the U.S. under the existing Heartland brand, the most respected brand of all U.S. processors. We will continue to operate with our fair dealing culture with the foundation provided by the Merchant Bill of Rights and the Sales Professional Bill of Rights. We will perpetuate the best commission sales compensation model on the planet with signing bonuses and residuals and portfolio equity. This will allow our employees to continue to be treated with the same level of respect they have been treated with for the past 19 years. 
 Our customers will be in great hands because we will be using the innovative tools and industry-best facilities that we operate our businesses in today. What I feel very exciting is that we will no longer be restricted to doing business in the 50 states. We will be able to sell into Canada finally, and U.K. and other countries, where we have ISV customers but no ability to process their payments today. This will be a powerful advantage for us for so many of our customers and sales professionals. 
 And our investors will profit immensely from this transaction. We started out with the stock price of $0.60 back in 1997. We went public in 2005 with the price of $18, and that climbed to $33 in less than 2 years. And then of course, we hit the double whammy of the economic collapse and our breach. Our stocks fell to $3.45 in March of '09. 
 I think our investors are going to be very pleased with this transaction at $100 per share. But just as important is the incredible opportunity this combination provides our employees to become a part of what I believe will become the most valuable payments company in the world. The combined power of Global and Heartland is going to surprise a lot of the industry watchers. Upon closing, we will continue with not only our name but our traditions and history of providing unmatched customer service, having the most innovative products. And our employees will continue to say, "This is a great place to work." 
 I am so very proud of all we have done and where we are going. The future is indeed bright. And now, back to Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, Bob. Together, we'll become the leading global provider of integrated payment technology solutions, a key area of emphasis at our investor conference, with approximately $650 million of annual net revenue. 
 Our integrated businesses are quite complementary. For example, Heartland Commerce has a market leadership position in the restaurant and hospitality verticals, not an area of significant historical presence for our OpenEdge business. Also, Heartland's School and Campus Solutions are expected to enhance our presence in a number of universities in the United States and globally, while also providing us with a leading position in the K-12 market. Heartland's ability to deliver Software-as-a-Service also opens additional avenues for business model enhancement over time. 
 We believe that the combined company will have one of the highest rates of organic growth in our industry with technology-enabled distribution net revenue of $1.1 billion annually. In addition, the transaction will meaningfully shift the mix of our revenue toward the United States, our largest market and one of the most dynamic payments markets worldwide. Of course, the combination will further accelerate the trend toward direct distribution, which we have been emphasizing over the last several years. 
 Now I'd like to hand the call to Cameron. 
Cameron Bready: Thank you, Jeff and Bob. And good afternoon, everyone. We very much appreciate you joining us to discuss this significant transaction for Global Payments. 
 As Jeff noted, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Heartland for $4.3 billion, including the assumption of approximately $500 million of Heartland net debt. Consideration for the transaction will consist of 0.6687 shares of Global Payments stock and $53.28 for each share of Heartland stock at closing, subject to the terms of the merger agreement. 
 Existing Global Payments shareholders will own approximately 84% of the combined entity. The cash portion of the consideration will be funded with fully committed debt financing. 
 Upon closing, the pro forma business will have approximately 157 million shares outstanding and approximately $4.4 billion of debt. Pro forma leverage for the combined company at closing is expected to be approximately 4.4x on a debt-to-EBITDA basis. 
 Importantly, given the strong cash flow generation profile of the pro forma business, we expect to return to our target leverage ratio within approximately 18 months. In the intervening period, we will retain ample capacity to continue our balanced capital allocation strategy. 
 We anticipate mid-single digit accretion on a percentage basis from the transaction in fiscal 2017 and double-digit accretion thereafter. Our expectations for accretion assume the cost synergy estimates that we have highlighted but do not reflect anticipated revenue synergies that we have described. 
 We're particularly excited about the growth characteristics of the combined company and the implications to our cycle guidance. As you will recall, at the beginning of this fiscal year, we raised our cycle guidance for the next 3 to 5-year period. At that time, we indicated that we expect to drive mid- to high single-digit organic net revenue growth, expand margins by up to 50 basis points annually and grow cash earnings per share in the low double-digit to mid-teen range over the cycle. 
 As a result of this transaction, on a pro forma basis, we now expect adjusted net revenue to grow in the high single-digit range on an organic basis as we are combining 2 of the fastest organic revenue growth companies in the industry. 
 Further, while operating margins will be reset to a slightly lower base in the near term as we comport Heartland's presentation to our convention, we expect to be able to accelerate operating margin expansion up to 75 basis points annually. Importantly, we remain committed to our longer term goal of operating margins in the low 30% range. 
 Lastly, we now expect to be able to grow cash earnings per share annually at a mid-teen pace over the cycle. The combination of Global Payments and Heartland presents a tremendous value creation opportunity through the realization of both substantial revenue and cost synergies. Jeff and Bob already addressed the expected revenue synergies from merging these 2 businesses, so I will not repeat those. I will, however, note that we expect these revenues and synergies to add 1% to 2% to the pro forma company's annual growth rate over time and that these opportunities are not reflected in the accretion estimates that we have provided for the transaction. 
 In addition to the opportunity we see to accelerate organic rates of growth, we also anticipate that the merger will allow for the realization of significant cost savings. We expect to leverage Global Payments' leading worldwide, scalable platform and combine the best of each company's technology and operating environments to drive cost synergies. 
 Consistent with our current strategy, we will also look to combine our workforces under our unified operating model. This integration will optimize our cost structure and position the company for strong growth while continuing to provide best-in-class customer service worldwide. 
 We currently estimate that we will generate at least $50 million of cost synergies in fiscal 2017, building to approximately $125 million annually over time. 
 Before turning the call back to Jeff, I would like to briefly comment on Global Payments' fiscal 2016 second quarter results and our raised outlook for fiscal 2016. We are delighted to report another solid quarter despite the continued impact of strong foreign currency translation headwinds across a number of our markets. 
 For the quarter, net revenue growth was 5% or 12% on a constant currency basis and reporting cash operating margins were 29.6%. On a constant currency basis, operating margins expanded 60 basis points year-over-year. 
 Cash earnings per share increased to $0.76, reflecting growth of 15% over fiscal 2015 or 29% on our constant currency basis. 
 It is worth noting that we absorbed an additional $0.01 to $0.02 of negative foreign currency impacts into cash earnings per share and roughly $5 million into revenue in the second quarter relative to our expectations as of our last call in October. 
 Turning now to guidance. We are again raising our fiscal 2016 outlook, notwithstanding our expectation that we will face incremental negative foreign currency translation impacts relative to our previous outlook. We continue to expect our fiscal '16 net revenue to grow 6% to 8% from fiscal '15 and range from $2.06 billion to $2.10 billion. But for the impact of currency, we would have expected to trend towards the higher end of our guidance range. It is worth noting that this revenue growth rate is 10% to 12% on a constant currency basis. We are again increasing our cash earnings per share and operating margin expectations for the full year. Cash earnings per share are now expected to grow 15% to 19% over fiscal 2015 and range from $2.90 to $3.00. We also now believe cash operating margins will expand by as much as 60 basis points in fiscal 2016 on a constant currency basis. Naturally, this fiscal 2016 guidance does not reflect any impact from the acquisition of Heartland. 
 I will now turn the call back over to Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, Cameron, and thanks, Bob. Global Payments has demonstrated through our strategic investments that we have been able to create substantial value for our employees, customers, partners and shareholders. We view the combination with Heartland Payments as the next logical extension of our model to accelerate transformative growth as we create the leading payment technology company globally. We look forward to closing the deal in the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2016. Bob, Cameron and David and I are all happy to take your questions. Jane? 
Jane Elliott: Before we begin the question-and-answer session, [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. And operator, we will now go to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey of SunTrust. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Congratulations to all. I would agree it's a watershed event in the industry. I wonder if we could just get a little bit of background. I think having followed Global and Heartland for a long time, one of the stumbling blocks perhaps historically to a deal like this would have been the very different cultures and go-to-market strategies. And I'm just wondering what's changed in that view? Is it the fact that Heartland has demonstrated that its sales force has become that much more productive? Is it the change in the technology-enabled distribution strategy? I just wonder if we can get a sense as to kind of what might have bridged at least, historically might have been perceived cultural issues or impediments from a deal like this. 
Jeffrey Sloan: That's a great Andrew. It's Jeff. I'll start and I'll ask Bob and David to comment as well. I would say, as I said in our prepared remarks, I would view this as a very natural extension of what we've been doing with APT and PayPros and, of course, OpenEdge. And I would say as we look at the business as I described in the remarks, we've thought about Heartland Commerce. We've thought about their Software-as-a-Service business in the case of the school and educational market as very complementary to markets that we're not in directly but we think are very much adjacent to what we're doing today. I would also say as we have broadened the nature of the business, and you know Andrew, we haven't really focused on direct distribution, as we discussed in our investor conference. It's hard, in my opinion, to find a better example of a well-run, go-to-market direct distribution than what Heartland has done over a period of many years. So I think from our point of view, as we thought about where we have dealt with over the last number of years, where we'd like to be as a company, where we'd like to take our ability to control our interactions with our merchant base, for us, it was really not that much of a question that Heartland will be a great potential partner. And speaking for us, I think that's how we thought about the announcement. Bob, do you want to? 
Robert Carr: Yes. Andrew, thank you for all your support over the last 15 years. You've been there every time, and I'll miss talking to you. I think there are several things going on here. Back in the beginning, we were an ISO, and I used to write for Paul Green's Green Sheet a lot. And we started -- when Heartland Payments was formed, we were an ISO processor. And we decided early on that we couldn't manage the people, the ISO folks because they didn't really know who is selling for them. But the ISO model got very dominant, and then with the integrated space going -- the dealers became more and more part of the landscape. And most significantly is our business model -- our model began to work big time. And when we broke through $10 million of installed margin for the first time a few months ago, that sort of was the deciding factor. This is the sustainable model in the industry for sales. And we've been able to incorporate the dealer communities with our ISV purchases and demonstrate that we not only have a direct sales force but we have these dealer partners around the country. And Global's model, their model is virtually identical to that in terms of the dealers and the ISVs. So I think the industry has changed in such a way that you're getting the best of both worlds combined into one sales model right now. 
David Mangum: Yes, I think I would echo from a go-to-market perspective -- and this is David by the way -- exactly what Bob said. As we've looked at the 2 businesses, we've been struck by the lack of overlap in the businesses themselves as they go to market from a distribution perspective. But the absolute symmetry and like cultures, believe it or not, as they go to market strategy matter. So we're both focused on direct distribution. We're both focused on technologies enabling payments and simplifying the process of a small to medium-sized business person running his or her business, operating that business, so applying technology to payments. So when we think about going to market, to be really clear as a cultural matter, we're really very similar when we think about going to market and applying technology to payments. And to be even more specific, as we go forward, the segments of Heartland will continue to go to market as they do today. And may be more specifically for what I would call the most visible part of Heartland, historically, the core agent sales shown that drives so much of Heartland's growth, we absolutely plan to maintain the levers that created this unique sales culture and engine, the brand, the Merchant Bill of Rights, the Sales Professional Bill of Rights and the sales team tools that this remarkable team Bob has built go-to-market with. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Georg Mihalos of Cowen and Company. 
Georgios Mihalos: I guess just to follow up on the prior question. As you look at the different lines of business within Heartland, are there any that you would sort of view as non-strategic to the forward model of the combined entity? And how quickly do you think you're going to be able to take some of those products and services and push them over in some of the international markets? 
David Mangum: This is David again. Georg, a great question. Through our diligence and our work with Bob and his team, we have not identified any assets that we don't think are ripe for opportunities for growth going forward. So if you think about that for a moment, you mentioned global. We have global applicability and opportunity for all of the technology assets that Heartland has acquired and built over time. More specifically, we spoke with you at the investor conference for Global Payments about taking OpenEdge, our integrated payments business, abroad and accelerating growth as it pursues its verticals around the world. When you look at the verticals in which Heartland is strong, we have hospitality, restaurant, quick service, fine dining as well as education. Those are the verticals that OpenEdge does not pursue today, whether the United States or abroad. We think we can quickly move to focus in the United States on dining -- on fine dining, excuse me, on quick service, and on the rest of hospitality in the United States, with the combination of dealers, ISVs and our unique OpenEdge ecosystem, our purpose-built ecosystem of marketing campaign management, lead management and integration management. We'll go right after those verticals in the States. And then give us a little bit of time to take those other assets abroad. As we told you, we expect to accelerate growth by 1 to 2 percentage points over time. I think it'll be sooner than you might have imagined in your models when we think about the international opportunities to globalize or to expand, particularly the higher education, the Campus Solutions, some of the School Solutions and the core point-of-sale software and hardware technology for hospitality. 
Georgios Mihalos: Okay, that's helpful. And just as a quick follow-up, maybe a question here for Cameron. The $50 million in synergies for, I guess, fiscal '17 that you're talking about, will that be sort of average for the year or is that the level of synergies you expect to end the year at from a cost takeout standpoint? 
Cameron Bready: No, I think -- that's a good question, George. Thanks for that. I think the right way to think about it is that's the level of expense we would expect to be able to eliminate in fiscal '17. It's not the end of fiscal '17 run rate number. So we believe we would save $50 million of cost. Or remove them from the expense line in fiscal '17, that number growing, as I mentioned before, to $125 million thereafter on a full run rate basis. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Kwok of KBW. 
Steven Kwok: In terms of the leverage ratio, it's 4.4x at the end of the deal. I was just wondering, can you talk about how much of free cash flow you expect to generate and how fast you can delever over time? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, so it's really a good question -- Steven, this is Cameron. I'll address that. So we are on a pro forma basis, at close, leverage of roughly 4.4x. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we expect to get back to our target leverage ratio, which we've talked about historically being anywhere in that 2.5x to 3.5x range within an 18-month time frame. So this pro forma business is going to generate more than $550 million of free cash flow annually, so the deleveraging profile of this business is one of the most attractive elements, frankly, of the structure we put in place to capitalize the business going forward. And the beauty of how we structured it is obviously our ability to continue to execute on our strategic capital allocation plans going forward, while delevering the business over a very quick period of time. 
Steven Kwok: And then in terms of, does this deal then preclude you from deal -- from doing other deals going forward given the high leverage ratio? 
Cameron Bready: Steven, it's Cameron again. No, I would say the short answer is it does not. We've maintained ample capacity to continue our capital allocation strategy that we talked about before. Naturally, this is a large transaction. It's the largest we've done in our history. We'll be very focused on executing well integration, realizing the revenue and expense synergies that we have highlighted today. But certainly, as we continue to grow and expand our business globally, we'll look to pursue those opportunities, expansion opportunities, M&A opportunities that we think have the capability of augmenting our strategy and helping us to grow the business. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Steven, it's Jeff. I would just say that we continue to be very active in our discussions in Europe and Asia. Of course, I think Bob has us covered here from the time being in the United States. But as it relates to Europe and Asia, I would expect us to continue the same playbook that we've been working off of over the last number of years. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh of Macquarie. 
Kevin McVeigh: Let me add my congratulations as well. Cameron or Jeff, can you help us understand the nice step-up in terms of the synergies from $50 million to $125 million? And in what bucket what those incremental savings are? 
Cameron Bready: Sure, I can give you a high level sort of, I think, preview and we'll obviously provide more detail as the time progresses in terms of where we expect to realize synergies from and how we expect to realize synergies. But if you think about the 2 businesses, and we talked a bit about this in our prepared comments, these businesses are obviously heavily dependent upon technology and operating environments to continue to grow and expand the business and deliver the type of service we both collectively want to be able to provide our customers here in the U.S. and around the world. So as we look to the 2 businesses, we clearly see opportunities to create synergies in the area of technologies and operations as we combine the best of both companies and really look to drive a highly leveraged, both highly scalable technological and operating environment going forward. And naturally, in any public company transactions of this nature, there's a lot of overlap in third-party expenses and external costs associated with being public companies that we'll be able to eliminate as well. So in the area of general and administrative expenses, naturally you would assume in a company the transaction of this nature that we'll be able to realize synergies there as well. But we're focused on obviously creating value through realizing revenue and expense synergies, but it's more about combining the best aspects of each of our 2 companies in a manner that's going to create a preeminent payment company worldwide going forward. 
Kevin McVeigh: Got it. And then, only one question. But can you just help us with the tax rate of the combined entity? 
Cameron Bready: Sure. I'll give you a little bit of a guide, and we'll obviously be able to  provide a little more color on that going forward. Given that Heartland Payments is a purely U.S. business at this stage, their effective tax rate is a little bit higher than ours, so it's roughly 38%, 39%. So on a pro forma basis, I would expect the combined entity to have an effective tax rate of around 30, 29 to 30 in that ballpark. Naturally, we'll continue to look to strive to find ways to minimize the effective tax rate for the pro forma business, and we're in the process of already thinking through strategies that would allow us to do that. But given the nature of the business that we're acquiring, it will raise the overall effective tax rate for the pro forma business. But naturally, that's all reflected in the economics we provided today. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Condra of Crdit Suisse. 
Paul Condra: I had a follow-up on the $125 million as well. So is that where you expect to be by 2018? Or is that how where you expect to get at some point in the future? Any more clarity there? And then would you call that a conservative forecast or how did you get to that number? What's your thinking about that? 
Cameron Bready: It's a good question. Paul, it's Cameron. I'll jump in again. Again, our expectation is we'll realize $50 million of those synergies in fiscal '17 and we expect by the time we get to fiscal 2018, we'll be at the $125 million run rate number. The way I would characterize this estimate obviously, we spent a lot of time with Bob and his team. I think we have a good handle as to where the opportunities are as we look again to combine the best of both companies and we're highly focused on delivering on a number that we're providing you today. I think we have a good track record as a management team in delivering on the commitment that we make to The Street. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Paul, it's Jeff. I will just add to that, that if you look at Bob's company and our company more generally, one of the other things that I think is very attractive about this partnership is that both companies are operating very well and are coming out of this at a position of strength. So we really feel this is the right time to combine 2 of the fastest organic revenue growth rate companies, both of which are really, on their own, firing in all cylinders. And we said in our prepared remarks, we think we can do a lot more together than we can do separately. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Keane: I jumped on a little bit late, so I don't know if talked about this Jeff. But how long have you guys been talking about a potential deal here? Because I didn't get the sense at the Analyst Day that something of a big size was really in the works. So I'm a little bit surprised to see the magnitude or the size of the transaction. And then secondly, what -- and then just secondly, just financial metrics you guys used to value Heartland Payments, would be great. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Sure. I'll start and Cameron can comment on financial metrics, Bryan. Well, first, I think we've got good poker faces, maybe that's one way to answer your first question. But no, look, I've known Bob for 15 years, at least 15 years. I would say that I called Bob a couple of months ago to talk about whether this may make sense. But it's really born of a long relationship that we've had with Bob and Heartland, and a lot of respect for the company. And I think I would probably leave it at that. Cameron, you want to talk about the second question? 
Cameron Bready: Sure, I'll be happy to. Bryan, I would say, this deal is no different than any other deal that we look at. I think we've been very clear in our history in terms of how we think about valuing and value creation associated with our M&A activities. This transaction, we looked at, certainly, from a cash earnings per share accretion point of view, and we looked at it largely from an IRR point of view to determine, is this the best use of our capital relative to the alternative uses of that capital. And needless to say, I think when we ran the math and we looked at the economics and the value creation and more importantly, strategically, what we can do together as a business, I think we're very confident that there is meaningful value-creation opportunities here. The IRR from this transaction is very powerful relative to the alternative uses of capital and the multiples are, I think, attractive, all-in, particularly in light of the synergies that we expect to be able to realize both from a revenue and expense point of view. 
Bryan Keane: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. Is there an base number, EPS number, that we should use to get to the accretion against? Because it's a little bit difficult, the moving pieces to get to the mid-single-digit accretion in the first year given the higher move in the tax rate. I just want to make sure I got my numbers correct. 
Cameron Bready: Bryan, I would guide you to The Street number for now. I don't think that's a poor estimate to start with. I think we're fairly transparent in terms of the sizable guidance that we had outstanding and what we think we can achieve as a business, so I think The Street estimates are a good place to start. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies & Company. 
Jason Kupferberg: Just wanted to see if you can talk a little about the valuation multiple here. I guess we're upwards of 30x next year as Heartland's earnings. And just wanted to get a sense, like, in that context, is there any competitive nature to this deal? I know Jeff, you just gave a little bit of background and it sounds like this all came together relatively quickly, but was there any competitive element here? Or was this kind of a self-sourced conversation? And is there any breakup pay? 
Jeffrey Sloan: So I would just say, Jason, that as I said to Bryan, I reached out to Bob and I'll just leave it at that -- I'll leave it at that for now. In terms of the multiples, as Cameron was alluding to, we think this was done on a multiple basis that was consistent with both the APT and PayPros. As it relates to revenue and EBITDA, before we factor in the synergies and then after the synergies, compares very favorably, as Cameron just mentioned, given the size of the opportunity relative to the size of the EBITDA of Heartland. So as we look at it, we feel pretty good about how this stacks up competitively with the deals that we have done and the deals that have been done in the marketplace. 
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And then just in terms of the respective sales force. I know you talked about keeping the compensation model intact for Heartland. What else is being done to make sure that you retain, especially the best Heartland salespeople, and then will there be any change in the comp structure for GPN's direct sales force in the U.S.? 
David Mangum: Yes. Jason, David here. Again, I would point you back to the opening comments when Jeff, Bob and I we're talking about the go-to-market and the cultures. The beauty of the transaction from our perspective, and it became increasingly apparent the more work we did, was the lack of overlap across these channels. If you look around our channels in the United States, we obviously have our OpenEdge business, we discussed that earlier, that's our integrated payments business with no overlap really whatsoever in terms of the verticals pursued by the technology enabled businesses that Heartland has. More specifically, just to be really clear about that one, less than 5% of our OpenEdge volume comes from the combined verticals that Heartland serves so well, hospitality, quick service restaurant, fine dining, dining, education. So really, terrific opportunity actually to add and make 1 and 1 equals 3 between those technology enabled businesses. When you look at the agent sales force, we want to retain that culture, the unique nature of it. We're absolutely convinced that, that's what drives the growth you see so impressively in Heartland's results, particularly in the last 2, 3 years, it's been an amazing progress that Bob has talked about in our call, as well, the last call he had at Heartland Payment. If you look around the rest of our United States channels, we don't intend to fundamentally change anything. We have ISO partners, where we're still a core part of one of our channels. They are not obviously our sole strategy going forward, as you've known and watched us execute the last 3 years or so. But for our ISO partners, the competitive dynamic of this industry don't change at all. So I think solid news for them. And the more tools we absorb from the combined companies, for example, boarding from Heartland Payment, those tools will be made available to our ISO partners. When you look at our direct sales channels in the United States, there, we have sales folks who work with the discrete bank partners. We tend to operate a little upmarket of the core Heartland market, and so those folks are in very good shape going forward as well. Again, more tools and products for those folks to sell, just as we'll provide more tools and products to the Heartland sales professionals to be able to sell from the combined companies. So to use the phrase Cameron used earlier, when we combine the best of both of these businesses, we have real opportunities in every channel we serve in the United States without creating messy channel conflict that you might be worried about on that question. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore. 
Michael Landau: This is Mike Landau in for David Togut. First, I was wondering if you could provide a bit more of a time line for when you expect to combine the platforms for both businesses? 
Cameron Bready: It's Cameron, Mike. I would say it's a little early, perhaps premature, to get out in front of the exact plans that we have for combining platforms and how, as I described, this has been mentioned a couple of times today, how we intend to get the best of both businesses and combine that into the combined business that we'll operate going forward. So I think as we looked at the synergy estimates that we provided, I think that gives you a good time frame and an overall sense as how we would expect to realize synergies over the course of time. Without getting more specific than that, I think that's probably the best overview we can give today. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Wayne Johnson from Raymond James. 
Wayne Johnson: So on the channel question -- sales channel question, will you maintain -- will Global Payments maintain a separate and current commission structure versus what Heartland is being paid? Is there any consideration to change Global to look more like Heartland? Or will they be operated completely separately? 
Robert Carr: So this is Bob. I'll jump in on that one. The Heartland model is going to thrive, I believe, under Global for a couple of reasons. One is that we have a lot of salespeople who come from other countries. And I think they're going to be able to add a lot -- a whole new dimension here that doesn't exist in the industry. For years, people have been saying, "I should go back to my home country and represent Heartland." And we're like, "Well, yes, you've got to wait for that." It's never happened. So I think that's a huge opportunity. Our portfolio of equity model seems to be unique in the industry and it's something, as long as that's kept, I think that our salespeople are going to stay in place under the leadership of some really exceptional leaders. Tony Capucille, started off with us right out of college as a rep, and he now runs the entire organization of 1,400 people. He has Vince and Jason under him that was the same thing. They have tremendous credibility with the regional managers, the division managers, the RMs. So I think our -- I think we hit a great stride and in turn, be able to take the existing organization of Heartland much further, is we have not penetrated all parts of the country in an effective way. And I'll let David speak to the issue of how that's going to impact with your direct people. 
David Mangum: Yes, I couldn't put it all better, thank you Bob for that. I would say almost to mirror what Bob said. The unique opportunity to take the model abroad, particularly in places where maybe we're still building our direct sales presence. So Brazil, in places like that where we have a unique opportunity to really hit the ground running with the model. In terms of global, we'll go and look at the combined channels channel-by-channel and figure out the best solution. But I'm going to say again what I said at the very beginning of the call, we intend to operate that core agent channel the same way that Tony and Bob have operated it. That unique culture is what drives the growth. The question is whether that can be exported, Bob correctly pointed out, abroad, to places where that same equity approach fits. We'd be fairly foolish not to learn from that and apply it wherever it fits anywhere else around the world or on any of our other markets or channels. So look for us, though, to continue to leverage. What's really exciting about this deal, Wayne, which is no channel overlap or very minimal channel overlap as we go all around the United States, unique opportunity, traditional cross sales of the value-added products in Heartland to Global's direct -- existing direct channels. Unique opportunity that frankly, no one else in the world has to globalize the product sets in education, hospitality, that Heartland brings to market and potentially globalize the equity comp scheme where it applies in markets around the world. 
Wayne Johnson: I appreciate the answer. It sounds like an exciting combination. On a technology front, so just to be abundantly clear, you guys intend to operate 2 separate platforms then on the technology side, with electronic bridges where necessary, so to speak? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Wayne, it's Jeff. I'll just point back to what Cameron said a minute ago. I think we're going to combine the best of both of our companies worldwide at Global Payments. As an aside, worldwide, as you know, we operate a unified technology and operating culture. So I think as we make progress with our partners at Heartland, we will figure out what the right best of both companies really is from a go-to-market technology point of view. But until then, we can't really say what the ultimate outcome is going to be. So bear with us. I think we've got a good track record of executing on new partnerships globally, and I think we and Heartland will be very pleased by the outcome. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. 
Daniel Perlin: Just a couple of quick ones. The -- when I'm looking at these calendarized numbers for both you guys and Heartland, it looks like your jumping-off point for adjusted EBITDA is kind of in the 32%, 33% range for yourselves and then Heartland's around 27.5%, maybe 28%. With synergies, it looks like you get back to that on a pro forma basis in '16. So -- and that gets me to the $1 billion that you guys are talking about. I guess, point one, is that the right jumping-off point for us to start with? And then two, I just want to make sure, total consideration, looks like 53% of this is going to be financed with debt, what's the fund cost associated with that? And then the remaining part is just all stock. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, so Dan, it's Cameron. On the first point, I think your math is generally correct. As you're thinking about EBITDA multiples, however, I would caution you, our net revenue convention and Heartland existing net revenue convention, ours is slightly divergent. We will look to obviously, morph that over time. The numbers we quoted in our release and also today that's roughly $3 billion of net revenue and greater than $1 billion of EBITDA going forward are based on our convention, which we would expect to adopt, obviously, going forward. As it relates to the financing of the transaction, our intent, as we sit here today, is to continue to utilize our existing Term Loan A and credit facilities that we just redid this past summer to amend and extend those facilities and then raise a new term loan to support the execution of the transactions. So we'll -- there'll be new debt requirements of roughly $2.6 billion to fund the transaction, and that includes refinancing Heartland's existing debt. And the price of that is going to be obviously, market-based pricing for a leverage profile of this type business. So I would say for purposes of modeling, if you're trying to get a bit of a head start, I would average something in roughly the 4% range is probably a good starting point, 4%, 4.25%, on a blended basis for the different tranches of debt that we'll have in place to finance the transaction. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Deleeuw of Piper Jaffray. 
Jason Deleeuw: The question I have is on the revenue synergies, U.S. versus international. It sounds like a lot of us expected international. Is that the case in how you're thinking about the revenue synergies? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Jason, we actually think about almost right down the middle. But I think the international opportunities are really, really substantial across our 29 markets and as Bob said, international sales folks as well as international product that already exists in some of the point-of-sale, SaaS businesses, but don't undersell the opportunities in the United States for additional cross sells of various value-added products, whether it's the gift and loyalties and the payroll. And we think we really can create something powerful between OpenEdge and the hospitality dealer and SaaS businesses that Bob runs in Heartland Commerce. So big numbers. The way we conceptualize this is roughly half-and-half for now. The sequencing may be a little bit different, there's more we can do in the United States more quickly than abroad. And remember, these are targets we expect to achieve over a little bit period of time. 
Jason Deleeuw: Great. And then on the integrated point-of-sale channel in the U.S., Heartland has had a little different strategy from some other players. They've owned -- they've acquired point-of-sale software. I guess, how are you guys thinking about that channel in the go-to-market approach. Do you see any changes? Or is it just simply a continuation of that strategy? 
Jeffrey Sloan: I think -- great question. I think what you'll see is the continuation of that strategy. When we were at the Investor Day with you folks a few weeks ago, we talked about extending OpenEdge globally, extending omni capabilities globally as 2 areas of growth, but we also talked quite specifically about going deeper into the technology sets, the software, the integrated hardware, that works with the payments that helps small to medium-sized business on particularly, but also larger enterprises run their businesses. That's a sort of a quick way I might summarize what the Heartland team has done with Heartland Commerce, looking at point-of-sale hardware, software, perhaps more akin to a SaaS model, married to the payment and helping business persons run their business. So we're going to continue that strategy. We may tweak the distribution and augment it by pairing it more with OpenEdge and going square at dining and hospitality with our OpenEdge models. So we're also going to continue the direct strategy just as we have with some of our other businesses like our gaming acquisitions from several months ago, deep marriage of our payments and technology, the technology that runs casinos, just as we'll do with small to medium-sized merchants, really, around the world over time. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer of Autonomous Research. 
Craig Maurer: A couple of questions. First, are there any assumptions being made in the guidance related to pricing, considering Heartland's had over time an interchange pass-through type structure? And secondly, when looking out to future guidance, just wondering how much of that is related to or what you're expecting will be the contribution from the European regulatory changes? And if those changes provide any unique opportunity as relates to this deal? 
David Mangum: Craig, it's David. I'll start and turn it over to Cameron, really just to answer your first question from a pure business perspective. I point back to what we've described a couple of different times. Our intention is to continue to run the Heartland business model, that agent sales channel with the way it operates, the way it markets and sells products, the unique culture around Merchant Bill of Rights, the sales professional Bill of Rights, we intend to continue. Cameron? 
Cameron Bready: Yes. So I think that's a business way of saying, no, we don't have any -- changes in place as it relates to pricing. When we look at the opportunities to create value from the transaction, it's really about leveraging, again, the best of both companies, Heartland's well-established certainly fantastic sales culture, sales performance, new store sale installations and new installed margin growth and combining that with the best of what we have in the U.S. market as well. So again, the accretion assumptions that we have given today assume, again, no revenue synergies, but certainly not any pricing changes as well. To your second question as it relates to the European market, I think we said for quite some time, we view Europe as a very attractive market. And there's aspects of what we talked about today that David, I think, has described very well, where we see great opportunities to leverage, certainly, some of the technology and product and solutions -- payment solutions that Heartland has today into our European business. I think education is a good example of where we see a fantastic marriage of Heartland's technology and our existing presence in the education vertical, particularly in the U.K. market for example or other markets in Europe, where we see a great potential to marry that technology with our existing presence to drive incremental value and revenue synergies for the business. As the EU market evolves, barriers between different EU countries go down. Certainly the ability to leverage that across a broader EU footprint is in, I think, part of the blueprint. But certainly that is something that we would expect to materialize over time. 
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs. 
James Schneider: Just one question related to the geographical distribution of Heartland in the U.S. There's clearly some concentration historically that you've had within the U.S. It sounds like your bigger priority or more immediate priority is expansion of Heartland's model internationally, but can you maybe talk about where there's some additional regional, if it still makes sense, within the combined umbrella of both companies? 
David Mangum: Yes, this is David, Jim, interesting question. I think that as we've worked with the sales team, and Bob mentioned Tony leads the sales team, there are opportunities for a broader geographic penetration, in some cases, different market penetration within that sales model. We do intend to pursue those strategies. I don't know that I'm going to talk about them in detail on this call tonight, but you do raise a very good point. Where there is white space, one of the things that was attractive to us in diligence is where there is white space, there is plan to go attack the white space. We do intend to follow that strategy. And again, where applicable, take the model, and not just this model, the model for the point-of-sale, the model for the other business units, education, Cameron mentioned a moment ago, more accelerate their international growth where applicable in the 29 markets we serve directly around the world. 
James Schneider: And then as a similar related question, can you maybe just talk about the opportunity to extend the reach into additional verticals that Heartland isn't servicing today within the U.S., and what this might be? 
David Mangum: Yes, I'd be happy to. I think there are 25 to OpenEdge and ultimately, we've discussed with you guys in the Investor Day in terms of greater penetrations in specific verticals. We are a leader in over 60 verticals by the OpenEdge business, that is a business that's driving enormous amount of growth for us in the United States. We can complement that with the hospitality verticals I described earlier, as well as the education verticals and we very much like the idea of going deeper into specific verticals, but we're not competing with our partners. Do more the technology stacking, get closer to customers to help them run their businesses, that's what Heartland has done with education, and increasingly, their strategy around the point of sale is similar to ours, owning the software to drive the interaction with consumer at that point-of-sale is a great place to be when you're looking at payments that are going to expand your franchise and accelerate growth over time. 
Jeffrey Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments and Heartland Payment, thank you very much for joining us this evening. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude our program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-10-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott - EVP and Chief of Staff Jeffrey Sloan - CEO Cameron Bready - EVP and CFO David Mangum - President and COO
Analysts: George Mihalos - Cowen & Company Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Michael Landau - Evercore SIS Steven Kwok - KBW Ryan Cary - Jefferies Kevin McVeigh - Macquarie Jeffrey Chen - Goldman Sachs Craig Maurer - Autonomous
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Global Payments' First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder today's conference will be recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2016 first quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour and joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, adjusted net revenue and free cash flow which are non-GAAP measures. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings, adjusted net revenue and other non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP results, in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff?
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you Jane and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are delighted to report an exceptional start to fiscal 2016 with strong first quarter performance that exceeded our expectations across our markets. We are now raising our expectations for this fiscal year. For the quarter, we delivered net revenue growth of 8%, expanded margins by 150 basis points and grew cash earnings per share by 25%. Notably each of our regions reported margin expansion, notwithstanding the impact of foreign exchange headwinds. This performance reflects the continued progression of our long term strategic vision coupled with relentless focus on everyday execution. We believe that we have the right people in the right positions executing the right business model around the world. Now for more detailed highlights. We are very pleased with the performance in our North American businesses which was driven by our fifth consecutive quarter of double digit organic revenue growth in our U.S. direct channels. In Europe we delivered substantial organic revenue growth in the U.K. fueled by solid execution. Our e-commerce business performed ahead of our expectations and in September Realex released a new bundled offering in the U.K. further demonstrating our commitment to investing in areas of exceptional future opportunity. We also saw double-digit volume and transaction growth in Spain, meaningfully outpacing the market and highlighting the strength of our partnership with CaixaBank. We look forward to expanding this partnership when the Erste Bank joint venture closes later in fiscal 2016. Asia produced stable organic revenue growth for the quarter. We also closed BPI transaction in early August which will help to drive stronger organic revenue growth over the long term given the attractive secular trends in the Philippians market. Finally, Ezidebit continue to perform well in Australia and New Zealand. As you know the U.S. market adopted the EMV protocol effective October 1. We have years of expertise bringing EMV to our markets and we therefore bring substantial advantages to our domestic and multinational customers in the United States. For example, we recently partnered with Visa in Canada to enable the first mobile contactless solution for not-for-profits using EMV and point-to-point encryption in that country. We look forward to extending this type of technology to other EMV markets. In the United States, we have developed EMV solutions for our integrated, direct, mobile and gaming lines of businesses. As we have discussed previously, our Edge Shield and Global Shield products combine EMV with encryption, tokenization and NFC. We believe these and our other value added products and services will allow us to capture share across our businesses. EMV adoption in the United States has and will continue to catalyze the rate of technological change in our businesses. To that end, we announced in September that we are offering Android Pay and Samsung Pay to our customers in the United States. We also support Apple Pay in both the United States and the United Kingdom. The rapidly changing nature of Payments technology underscores the advantages of our model as we are capable of enabling new products and services in short order across markets globally. Global Payments stands at the crossroads of a rapidly changing worldwide payments market that is increasingly defined by technological differentiation and global breadth. We target markets with higher rates of growth and margins, leveraging our scalable technologies and unified operational structure to create superior returns. Over the last few years, we invested $1.75 billion across our businesses to accelerate growth and efficiently returned $1 billion to our shareholders. Yet, we retained substantial capital flexibility to achieve our goals. Of course, more to come on these topics in a couple of weeks. Now I will turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I'm also very pleased with our strong first quarter performance which meaningfully exceeded our own expectations. Despite the significant negative impacts of foreign currency translation, we produced impressive revenue growth, margin expansion and cash earnings per share increases over fiscal 2015. Total company adjusted net revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2016 was $537 million, reflecting growth of 8% over the prior year. Assuming we owned Ezidebit, FIS Gaming, Realex and BPI in our current and prior first quarters or normalizing for their effect, constant currency net revenue growth was 11% for the quarter. Operating margins for the quarter expanded 150 basis points to 30.5% and cash earnings per share increased 25% to $1.57. North American net revenue growth was 8% for the quarter with operating income growth of 9%, including the effects of significantly unfavorable currency trends in Canada. Despite these impacts, North American margins expanded by 20 basis points. US net revenue growth was 16%, reflecting strong organic growth of 10% from our direct channels, coupled with the addition of the FIS Gaming business that contributed 6 percentage points to our US growth rate. Canada's local currency revenue grew in line with expectations for the quarter, but the weak Canadian dollar unfavorably impacted North America net revenue growth by several hundred basis points. Net revenue growth in Europe was 4% in US dollars, with margin expansion of 280 basis points. Adjusting for unfavorable currency exchange rates, European constant currency net revenue growth was 22%. This was primarily driven by accelerated organic revenue growth in the UK and continued strong fundamental growth from our business in Spain. The addition of Realex also contributed to the strong local currency net revenue growth in Europe. Asia Pacific revenue grew 30%, driven by mid single digit organic revenue growth trends, in line with our expectations, the Ezidebit acquisition and the BPI transaction, which closed in August. Operating margins in our Asia Pacific segment meaningfully expanded largely due to the acquisition of Ezidebit which will annualize in October. We generated free cash flow of approximately $86 million this quarter. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to non-controlling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $17 million for the quarter. Since the date of our last call, we repurchased an additional 550,000 shares for $16 million. Our current share repurchase authorization capacity is $342 million. Our total available cash including working capital at the end of the quarter was approximately $200 million. In late July we successfully completed a refinancing of our debt facilities to further expand our capacity to $3 billion, which represents an increase of $750 million from our prior capacity. Our new facilities are comprised of a $1.75 billion term loan and a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. In addition to being more cost effective, this refinancing provides incremental capacity to ensure we are well capitalized to pursue our growth initiatives and capital allocation strategies. Further, in August, we entered into an additional $250 million notional amount interest rate swap to hedge a portion of our variable interest rate exposure. Cumulatively, we have now hedged a notional $750 million of our outstanding variable rate debt portfolio. Turning now to guidance, we are raising our fiscal 2016 expectations despite the incremental negative impacts of foreign currency translation. Relative to our previous outlook, our current foreign currency assumptions anticipate stronger FX headwinds for the year, largely due to further weakening of the Canadian and Aussie dollars, as well as the ruble. As a result, we continue to expect our fiscal 2016 net revenue to grow 6% to 8% from fiscal 2015, and range from $2.06 billion to $2.10 billion. Absent the impacts of incremental foreign currency headwinds we would have expected net revenues to trend towards the higher end of this range. Nonetheless, we are increasing our cash earnings per share and operating margin expectations for the full year. Cash earnings per share are now expected to grow 14% to 17% over fiscal 2015, and range from $5.77 to $5.92. We also now believe cash operating margins will expand by as much as 50 basis points in fiscal 2016 on a constant currency basis. Lastly, I'm pleased to announce that for the first time in 10 years our board has approved a two-for-one common stock split payable on November 2, to shareholders of record as of October 21st. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Cameron. I want to remind everyone that we will be hosting an Investor Conference in Atlanta on October 20th. We look forward to providing further detail in our sessions regarding our vision to accelerate transformative growth across our markets. We hope to see you there. Jane?
Jane Elliott: Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you and operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Mihalos of Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
George Mihalos: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys and congrats on another nice start to the year.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, George.
George Mihalos: Was hoping we could dig in a little bit on the strength in North America. I know you've now combined the US and Canada. But Jeff, I think you said you had another quarter of double-digit direct growth. I think you guys were looking for 9% to 11% growth coming into the year. It seems like you did better than that. How are you feeling about that going forward and any sort of pricing initiatives that may have been put in place in Canada recently?
Jeffrey Sloan: Sure, George. It's Jeff. I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to add some more detailed color on your question. First, I feel very good about where our North American businesses are today. In the United States first, we saw a continuation of the trends and you're rights on what you said about our prepared remarks, a continuation of the double-digit trends and organic net revenue growth in the United States, George, for the fifth consecutive quarter that we really saw across last year and we feel very good about the performance in each one of our businesses. First, in our integrated business, we continue to see mid to high double-digit revenue growth in that business, which has been consistent in terms of our expectations over the last year or so. We also have done very well with a number of our partnerships including our Fidelity gaming transaction that closed on June 1st, and I think as Cameron said in his remarks, we're very pleased with the execution of that acquisition one quarter into the closing of that transaction. So sitting here today we see a lot of strength in our US businesses consistent with what we described in July and really what we saw most of last fiscal year. As relates to Canada, really more of the same. Our goal has been a stable and visible Canadian business. We continue to see that. In fact, we've had some of the better transaction growth in the last quarter or so in Canada that we've seen in quite some time and that's against an economic backdrop that's been relatively flat. Nonetheless, our businesses continue to perform very well in Canada, putting aside the FX impact that Cameron alluded to. So I would say, George, it's really more of the same. I see this as a continuation of momentum that we had towards the back half of 2015 and all of 2015 but the back half of 2015 heading into the 2016. Cam, you want to comment on any more of the detail?
Cameron Bready: Yes, George I'll give you couple specific metrics maybe to focus on. If you look at the North American business as we noted in our prepared comments, it grew 8% for the quarter that was about 12% on a constant currency basis. Canada was about a 400 basis point headwind as a result of the weak Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. The U.S. direct channels grew 10%, FIS gaming added about 600 basis points as I noted in my comments. That 10% low double digit organic growth in the U.S. business is consistent with the trends I think we posted over the last probably five or six quarters and obviously is our expectation going forward kind of high single low double digit for organic growth in the U.S. business as we report to the balance of the year as well. As Jeff noted Canada was kind of low single digit in line with our expectation on a local currency basis despite what I think we all know a weak macroeconomic environment with Canada in recession in the first quarter of our fiscal 2016. So I'd say all in all a very good performance for the North American business.
A  David Mangum: And George this is David, one bit of color, you asked about pricing in Canada. Canada is driven by stable credit metric trends. We are actually very nice growth as Jeff pointed out a moment ago offset by very manageable spread situation, were very happy with the start. Actually were off to a great new sales start in Canada as well this year showing OptBlue among other products in Canada. So were really pleased with the start in Canada this year is to repricing - there is always a little element of measured pricing in the results in the markets like that but there is nothing new or different grant in Canada at all.
George Mihalos: Okay, great. Really appreciate the color there. And just to follow-up with the liability shifting now haven't been reached, will you be taking this opportunity to may be use a bit of a stick approach for some of the merchants that, that are now looking to upgrade to - upgrade their point of sales of the shift technologies or anything youre thinking about, sort of repricing a portfolio for the Laggards. Thank you.
A  David Mangum: George, this is David again. Right now were focused on industry adoption and migration. As you know, its early days. We're few days into this at this moment very little migration has happened youll see statistic expanded about with different levels but the reality is we had the low single digit level of penetration from a merchant perspective except to that being the odd big box merchant who may have gone in the last six weeks to three months or so. So right now were really focused on what will our partners on moving through our merchant base whether there is viable business case to go ahead and move quickly. We got everything fully certified as you might imagine the basics are complete with all our solutions are compliant and as important as anything we bundled EMV with PCI compliance. The-point-to-point encryption, and with tokenization to security solutions were looking forward to work it on merchants to implement those to drive growth in a more secure ecosystem overall. To your question about pricing, really driving as to thinking of migration adoption right now let's fast forward a little while, come back with its little bit later and we think through and it's just much further penetrating what you do about laagered in ordered to security ecosystem but it's really have that conversation.
Cameron Bready: George, this is Cam, the only thing I would add to that is just as David highlighted, we're really focused on adoption and as a result you wouldn't - there shouldnt expect to see any sort of pricing elements were priced in our guidance for the balance of the year. So with the focus internally being on migration and supporting our customers, we havent really reflected anything from a pricing point of view in our expectation.
George Mihalos: Great, thanks.
Cameron Bready: Thanks George.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Q  Ashish Sabadra: Hi, this is Ashish Sabadra, calling on behalf of Bryan Keane. Let me add my congratulations as well. So just quickly on Europe, we saw some further acceleration and growth there moved up from 19% constant currency last quarter to 22%. How should we think about the momentum going forward if you could just provide some more color on that front?
David Mangum: Sure. Jeff, I'll start and Ill ask Cameron to provide some additional detail around your question. So were very pleased with where we are in Europe. We think this is a very favorable time to be in investing that business. So for example we acquired Realex in March to expand our omni-channel offerings into Europe. I referenced in my prepared comments or bundling of our Realex gateway solution with our acquiring solution in the U.K. market which is a part of our initiative toward omni-channel. So I think the way to think about Europe is just a quarter - very, very good sales execution which both Cam and I talked about. We couldnt be more pleased with our business in Spain as we alluded to in our prepared remarks. We saw continued double digit volume in transaction growth in Spain thats also been helped by a heightened expectation of better GDP growth and low unemployment in Spain. So I think were really firing on all cylinders as it relates to our business in Spain and we continue to invest in our business. So we think that the adoption of the single European payments area which is been coming for quite some time and is partially here but we fully rolled out starting the back half of our fiscal year is an opportunity for us to continue investing capital shares. So what youre seeing now is really the fruits of a number of investments but also the fruits of further investment in our sales channel primarily in the United Kingdom business but also in the Spanish business and that's before we get to the closing of the Erste joint venture which we expect to be as I said in the back half of fiscal 2016. So I think were really right where we want to be in our European business. Its nice that you can see that in the results. Cameron, do you want to provide more color?
Cameron Bready: Yes I will just add couple of things. First of all the double-digit constant currency revenue growth is our expectation for the year for Europe and so I think we continue to expect to see the similar trends like we've seen over the last few quarters, I think in Europe on a top line revenue growth perspective. As Jeff highlighted that would be augmented in back of the year with the addition of the Erste transaction. I will remind you however thats not reflected in our guidance today. So we do anticipate a nice headwind kind of rolling into the back half of the year from Erste, which is not reflected in the guidance as well as benefits from pricing changes and regulatory changes in the U.K. which is reflected in our guidance.
Q  Ashish Sabadra: That's great. My second question was going to be on the international margins. Thanks for providing the details by Asia-Pacific and Europe. So on Asia-Pacific, we saw some pretty good margin expansion there this quarter but the margins are still lower than the company average, I was just wondering if you can provide some color on what you think about the sustainable margins in Asia-Pacific going forward. Is there a room for further margin expansion there?
Cameron Bready: I think first of all the margin increases you saw year-over-year were driven by couple of things. One is we obviously have Ezidebit transaction that we closed in the middle of October of last year. So in Q1 of this year that was a meaningful benefit to margins in Asia. I would say last year Asian margins were weak and little bit by the occupy central activity in Hong Kong which reflected an environment there that had lower margins than we would typically see for our traditional Asian business before the addition of Ezidebit. I would say going forward were looking at Asian margins now that are roughly around the corporate average and I would expect that to continue. I still think we do see opportunity for margin expansion particularly as we grow the Ezidebit business which is a higher margin business than our traditional Asian business, as well as the additional benefit we expect to see from BPI over the balance of fiscal 2016 as well. The only somewhat minor headwind to that is what we see is a relatively weak macroeconomic environment in Asia driven by sort of a commodity glut in China, the weak China economy. It obviously have a dampening effect on the overall macroeconomic environment in Asia. So that will be a bit of a headwind to the performance there. But I do expect to see continued good margin. I think performance as well as margin expansion although probably muted by the macroeconomic environment.
Q  Ashish Sabadra: Thanks. Thanks for the color.
Cameron Bready: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Let me add my congratulations as well. Could you - my question is around Realex and the strategy that sort of follows from Realex. Could you elaborate on how you intend to integrate it and potentially use that as a means to penetrate other parts of Europe?
Jeffrey Sloan: Sure Ashwin, its Jeff, I will start and David is going to add some color as well. So the first thing I would say is that we are very pleased with our new partners over Realex. Unlike most partnerships in the case of Realex, we are very fortunate that we had three year relationship with Realex to see how that would perform on the ground before we partnered with the company.  So we actually have a fair amount of data on the right way to attack the market before we actually acquired the business last March. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we have just - in September released their new bundled product which is a combination of the Realex gateway as well our merchant acquiring business in the United Kingdom and soon to be into Ireland and other parts of our Europe. If you get back for a second, I think our thesis in omni-channel is really a couple fold. First, as we said at the time of the Realex transaction, we think we have a very small share today of the cross border multinational business particularly in Europe as it relates to the card not present and e-commerce market. So, the first strategy to address your question is, in a market that we think is growing organically mid-to-low 20s double digits, we should have bigger share of that market given our capabilities and our position. That's kind of point number one. Point number two, we think increasingly the market is going to blur lines especially in Europe with the advent of the single European payment area and the common currencies across Europe. We think that over time the market will as a customer matter blur distinction between card not present interactions and face-to-face or card present interactions. And therefore we need to own all those capabilities. And we think we already are very capable, well suited business in face-to-face in a number of countries around Europe, but we thought that adding card not present functionality would position us very well for our omni-channel business, which is a blurring the line. And if you look at a number of our competitors, which we'll talk about in a couple of weeks, the company's like [Atian] [ph] for example, or Stripe or Braintree, if you look at number of those companies what you might say is our competition has really shifted toward card not present companies in that market who are looking to expand into card present geographies. We think we have a very strong card present business, but with the addition of Realex and our existing assets, a very strong card not present business. So when you combine those we actually think we have a pretty significant competitive advantage relative to the people I mentioned in terms of getting more aggressively into the omni-channel market in Europe where I think we can capture on a lot of good growth and additional share. David, you want to add some more color to that.
David Mangum: Yes, let me add a little bit for you Ashwin, and pull apart the pieces a little bit of what Jeff said. So, first off as I said, we are very pleased, the business is performing fairly financially as we wanted and the integration is going very well. It looks like the bundle because that's where we've been creating incremental value and drive incremental growth actually on a global basis with this type of product set. So the bundle itself, it's for enterprise customers available obviously for multinationals, as Jeff said, it's also focused on small-to-medium enterprises operating within their individual markets or cross borders which of course is going to be increasing trend particularly in Europe when we think about  of the stuff as well as the local nature of the transaction that happen in that area. So, with the bundle we give our U.K. customers a single relationship, covers all of their payments needs including e-commerce bundled and face-to-face, merchant services or the gateway just simply bundled with merchant acquiring along with reporting fraud management, all those kinds of things you'd expect in one package solution where that single relationship covers your entire suite of needs whether its e-commerce, face-to-face, fraud, et cetera. So, the thing to think about relative to adjust that is that's targeted to small-to-medium enterprises, enterprise level customers, but also the developer market, as you well know that's where Stripes made a tag and as Jeff, said quite correctly we have the assets to compete with Stripe, with adding all the others, as well as bundling truly integrated face-to-face acquiring in any market around the world. So being able to deliver that out of the box on a global basis is unique, it just began to roll out in the U.K. in September week, announced that couple of weeks ago. We're really excited about them taking in around the world to drive accelerated growth, and we'll talk more about that just in a couple of weeks.
Q  Ashwin Shirvaikar: Absolutely love that. Thank you for that color. The follow on question is with regards to the higher margins. Based on some of your comments so far it seems as though the bulk of that margin improvement is sustainable and not related to one off factors. Is that correct to read? If you could kind of go through the elements of margin improvement, that would be helpful.
Cameron Bready: Ashwin, it's Cameron. I'll start, maybe and ask Jeff or David to add in any color that they may want to. As it relates to, I'd say directionally, I think the margin expansion profile remains our expectation for the business. We talked about that I think a lot during the July call. Our current model anticipates margin expansion above 50 basis points annually. We obviously saw a very good margin expansion in the first quarter, 150 basis points, and our guide for the balance of the year now is up 50 basis points on a constant currency basis. There is always going to be puts and takes to that Ashwin, in any given quarter, if you look at the back three quarters of fiscal 2016, there is certainly some headwinds particularly as it relates to the annualization of the Spanish regulatory changes that occurred at the beginning of the September as well as -- we're incurring integration expenses around FIS Gaming, continuing to incur some around Realex, developing the bundle package as David and Jeff, were discussing a moment ago, and we have integration expenses around BPI as well. And those are our headwinds that I would say in the back half or back three quarters of the year. And then on the tailwind side we obviously have the anticipated benefit coming from the U.K. regulatory changes or the European regulatory changes that will impact our U.K. business most prominently as well as continued growth and execution of our strategy that we expect to drive obviously improvement in margin over time. So, long story short, any given quarter there's going to be puts and takes around it, but our overall expectation is we still see a long runway for margin expansion business. We're not at what we would view as our targeted margin profile for the business over the cycle which is kind of over 30%, and we still see again a lot of runway for expansion and up to that 50 basis points annually over the next several years.
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, I would just add to that, Ashwin, its Jeff. Our job is to grow margins. We guide that as a company, we have track record now, I believe that by doing that we expect margins to grow. I think Cameron is right, in any given quarter related to FX and pluses and minuses, they can vary a bit, but our focus is on growing margins. The thing about $750 billion that we talked in our prepared remarks about investing, those investments find large winds of businesses that are in markets that are faster growing than the market in general that are historical markets, and as better margin opportunities.  You combine that with the unified operating structure that we have also talked about in our comments, investments remain our technology platforms and the incremental margin on each transaction especially growing at the rate that we're growing at is going to be accretive to the overall margin profile. So we expect to continue to grow margins and add to the strategy of the company.
Q  Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thats great to hear. You got to keep on rocking. That's good. See you in a couple of weeks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore SIS. Your line is now open.
Michael Landau: Hi, this is Michael Landau, in for David Togut. For fiscal year 2016 and 2017, should we expect PSD2 regulations in Europe to have a material impact on global European revenue in earnings and could this regulation impact your Realex strategy?
Cameron Bready: So I think, Michael, it's Cameron, on certainly fiscal 2016 as we've noted, I think a couple of times today, we do expect the implementation of the new regulations in December to be a nice tailwind for us in the back half of the year around the Payment Service Directive initiatives that passed last year, more or less fiscal year I should say. So we have reflected that in our guidance and we certainly expect that to continue to be a benefit as we roll into fiscal 2017 as well, at least for the first half of fiscal 2017. Like any of these regulatory changes, they are transitory in nature. So, as we saw with Durban in the U.S. several years ago in Spain, here most recently over the past year they do dissipate over time and the market does revert back over time as the market prices these benefits into spreads over a 12 to 18 month period depending on the market. So, ultimately the benefit will be transitory. But we do obviously see it as a nice tailwind for us as we look to fiscal -- the back half of fiscal 2016 and first half of fiscal 2017 as well.
Michael Landau: Understood. And then, can you provide an update on New European Bank partnerships and M&A deals. Perhaps what stage you are in with those conversations? Thanks.
Jeff Sloan: Sure, Michael. Well of course we announced in July our partnership with Erste Bank along with CaixaBank, which we expect to close in the back half of 2016. And as we've been saying for the last period of time, we expect to do more of those transactions as the regulatory environment encourages financial institutions to think about partnerships and as the economic picture particularly as it relates to rates, which we view as an opportunity in Europe, allows us to invest more economically in the immediate term for a longer term return. So, we continue to look at and have discussions with a number of banks in consensual Europe about partnerships, and we hope to do more of those, as we've said for a period of time now the number of requirements, we have are first that is the right type of partner for us, and the second, is that to provide attractive returns for our shareholders. So, with those two things being said, we hope to do more transactions, we have more discussions underway. Those are hard to peg toward the timing, but we do think that in general deals we get more deals. So, we certainly have seen a pickup in discussions post the Erste Bank announcement a couple of months ago and we hope to bring more of those to market assuming to meet the criteria I just laid out.
Cameron Bready: The only thing I would add to that is obviously our appetite remains very high to continue to do these types of transactions. I think our balance sheet supports it, we have ample capacity to do so as Jeff noted in his prepared comments, notwithstanding the amounts that we've invested in acquisitions, as well as returning capital to shareholders over the last few years. We retained ample capacity to continue to advance our strategy through both organic and inorganic growth. So this is an important element of that and something we're working very diligently to try to bring forward.
Michael Landau: Great. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Kwok of KBW. Your line is now open.
Steven Kwok: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to download bit more on the 50 basis points of operating margin improvement. Can you just breakout by region around what you expect the improvements to be for this year? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Steven, it's Cameron. I'll maybe start and then I'll ask Jeff or David to jump in if they have any particular added color they'd like to add. Typically we haven't guided around each individual segment in terms of what our expectation is for margin. We are really focused on expanding margins at the total company level. And as I'll remind you, I mean we're managing a portfolio now 29, soon to be 30 markets around the world. Not every market is going to perform terrifically every quarter, and that's certainly not our expectation. So part of this is managing a portfolio that ultimately results in overall margin expansion for the Company, that's our goal and that's our objective as Management as Jeff highlighted earlier. As we sit here today, certainly we see North America continuing to drive margin expansion for the overall Company, driven by that double digit organic growth in our direct channels particularly the higher margin businesses like our integrated OpenEdge business here in the U.S. market that continues to grow in line with our expectations in the mid-teens, and obviously performs at a level that helps to drive overall margin expansion for the Company. Europe on a U.S. dollar adjusted basis, we expect to continue to grow for the year as well or potentially be flat depending on what currency is due, but if we see margin expansion in Europe overall it will likely be relatively minor edge - again FX is going to play a part in tampering that a little bit. And I've discussed Asia a little bit earlier, we do expect to continue to see margin expansion in Asia largely driven by the growth in the Ezidebit business, which is a higher margin business as well as the addition of BPI, which we think obviously improved the scale in that region and helps to drive margin expansion somewhat tampered by the overall weak macroeconomic environment as I mentioned before. So, end of day we're really managing overall as a corporate margin expansion target and we're managing the individual portfolios within the composition of the Company to achieve that, and that's our objective in any given year.
David Mangum: And Steven, this is David, maybe from purely a business perspective to compliment what Cameron said, we're very confident in the manner which we're executing actually around the world right now, whether it's Europe, the Asia description Cameron gave or North America. As Cameron said quiet rightly, a lot of this is headlined by North America, where when you think through a stable Canada with the conditions we're describing earlier when we were answering George's question, we feel very good about that, a little execution ground with our team there and our sales team in Canada, and the United States is a course that fills the largest piece of the business. The headline of the course OpenEdge, we are very confident in our trajectory and of the performance there. This is actually our first year with the fully integrated sales force operating with the same tools, same lead management marketing CRM and sales automation tools all driving highly incremental growth as you drive extra new partners and you drive new merchants and obviously just the organic same store sales are fantastic in that business. The gaming integration is going very well, that will obviously support the way Cameron described our North America trajectory quite strongly, and really the rest of the business, the direct business is growing very well and even indirect pieces are performing just as we expected. So, again from a purely business perspective we're executing very well around the world particularly in the largest markets that really supports the description Cameron gave you.
Cameron Bready: The last thing I'll add Steven just to round up the conversation entirely is we continue to invest on our operating environment. We talked fairly extensively about the evolution of this business towards the unified operating Company structure. We continue to invest in achieving that, that will help drive incremental leverage scale on a global basis that is supported through overall corporate margins in the aggregate, and that's something we're very focused on and look forward to discussing more specifically in a couple of weeks.
Steven Kwok: Got it. And then as a follow up just to trail down a little bit on the quarter and then given that we do have September that's complete or ready. Were there any differences in terms of the growth rates into quarter and then any preliminary thoughts on how September was? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a little early I think to comment on September, to be honest with you, Steven. As we see the biggest thing that I'm looking at day in and day out, the fundamentals of the business I think continue to be very strong. And certainly I don't see anything in September that would cause me to feel any differently relative to what we saw in Q1. The thing that I got to bed looking at when I wake up looking at every morning is currency. And the volatility we continue to see in currency is just staggering. So, currency is something we're working very hard to manage as you noted in our guide for the back half of the year  as the back three quarter for the year we are absorbing incremental currency relative to what we anticipated as recently as July. We've seen the Canadian dollar weaken by 5%, 6%. We've seen the Aussie dollar weaken by roughly 7%, Rubles weakened over that same period of time. So if you look at our total revenue guide for the year, we maintained our $2.06 billion to $2.10 billion revenue guide for the full year up 6% to 8%. If we reflect back to July, we noted that that 6% to 8% growth was really 9% to 11% on a constant currency basis. Well that's now really 10% to 12%. So we're absorbing another point of FX headwinds in our revenue guide and still maintaining that 6% to 8% FX adjusted growth rate for fiscal 2016 and I think that's quite an accomplishment. I mean I really think it speaks to just fundamentally how well the business is performing that we can continue to absorb this FX headwind the way that we have and still produce headline numbers that are very attractive. Ultimately that's going to turn and work in our favor, but I think we're well positioned to continue to work through fiscal 2016 and absorb it and move on.
Steven Kwok: Great. Congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Ryan Cary: Good morning, guys. This is Ryan Cary calling in for Jason. Touching in an OpenEdge, we've been hearing even more bullishness coming from the industry as it relates to growth prospects for the integrated channel. As it appears to increase verticalization of software solutions that's opening up additional runway, it sounds like this is consistent with what you've seen in the OpenEdge business in the market. So, I was just wondering, was this the principal driver behind the increase in the longer term topline outlook you outlined last quarter, and could we actually see growth above that mid-teens level that we've spoken about for the full year?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, it's Jeff. I'll start it and then I'll ask David to comment more specifically on the details around OpenEdge. I think going back to the July guide, heightening our net revenue growth over the cycle, obviously OpenEdge is the largest part as we've talked about in July of our U.S. business today and of course it's also the largest direct piece of our business. So there is no doubt as a mathematical matter that it's a very important contributor to our confidence level in raising our targets. But I think it's important to note that the overall U.S. direct business still grew 10% organic in the most recent quarter in last four quarters prior to that also grew in double digits, so while the remainder of the businesses in the U.S. on a direct basis are not growing in the mid to high double digits, I think it's fair to say as we've said in the last couple of quarters that our targets of those business is well in excess of market growth. So our non OpenEdge direct businesses are probably growing in the mid to high single digit area and OpenEdge of course is in the mid to high double digit area. So I think we're pleased with all those businesses not just OpenEdge, and all those things went into our discussion around what it was like the company to be on a cycle basis. David, you want to talk a little bit more about the OpenEdge?
David Mangum: Yes, I'd be happy to. I think Ryan you put your finger on something that we recognized some time ago when we began the investments in integrated payments if you go back through a few years ago. The idea of marrying technology to distribution, marrying a payment to a technology solution that creates a more compelling value proposition and at the end of the day a stickier solution is something we've been driving for quite some time. It's what's fuels the growth that Jeff just described both in terms of the sales, again the compelling value proposition, the leverage of working with partners on integrated solutions. It also fuels lower attrition rates. So combined you have this amazing growth profile over and above with the terrific growth profile from our co-direct businesses. I think of that as a tip of the spear for global payments growth going forward and maybe our opportunity to accelerate growth when we go and think beyond the United States, think beyond just OpenEdge into other places we can marry technology, deep vertical expertise and payments functionality to a really compelling solution, really frankly on a global basis every time.
Ryan Cary: Great, thanks. And kind of digging on the U.S. side of business little bit more, can you talk about the U.S. transaction growth in the quarter and maybe just deconstruct into direct and indirect, as well as what part of it is inorganic. And also what is assumed for transaction growth as part of the U.S. expectations for the full year?
Cameron Bready: So, I would say the transaction growth trend we saw on the quarter in the U.S. have been pretty consistent although weve seen over certainly most of fiscal 2015, probably mid single digit transaction growth. I'll remind you, our transaction growth numbers don't include our gaming business. So it's not going to pick up the inorganic elements of FIS gaming that we added during the first quarter. But if you look at the growth trends we're seeing, again it's kind of mid single digits from a transaction point of view that's helping to drive an overall growth in revenue on an organic basis of about 10% for the direct channels in the US market. On the in-organics  on the indirect side, the [ISO] [ph] business it performed pretty much in line with the expectations that we've had for the last several years on a net revenue basis. It grew kind of low to mid single digits. I'd say transaction growth was similar in that business over the quarter or so, again, relatively consistent with what we've seen for probably the past couple of years with that business overall.
Cameron Bready: And Ryan I'm sorry, Jeff. Just not to put too fine a point on this, but when we add color to these descriptions, OpenEdge or something else, these are all organic growth numbers with the exception as Cameron said of the gaming FIS which actually is not in the transaction metrics to what he just gave color. So when we're talking about mid teens transaction growth, mid teens volume growth and mid teens revenue growth to high teens in OpenEdge, all of that's organic.
Jeffrey Sloan: I would just add that increasingly in our industry and especially in our business we're looking at additional sales of value added products and services that while and it may be tied to transactional rates of growth, I view as points of differentiation. So talk a lot including today, that over the last year about OptBlue for example in the United States market and now since June  the end of June in the Canadian market, of course, we've had releases in September and a year ago now for Apple Pay in the US and the United Kingdom. But also Android Pay and Samsung Pay in the last couple of weeks as the EMV has been adopted and now we've gone EdgeShield, the Global Shield as it relates to the US business. So I think the way you have to think about it is obviously transactions are important to how our business is operating, but we exited fiscal '15, as I think we said in our July call, was the single largest number that I can recall of new products and services that we've introduced into our ecosystem worldwide, but including Europe in particular in the United States and of course through September and through the end of June did the same thing with additional products and services since May. So it's important to look at transactional trends for all the obvious reasons. But it's also important to ask about how you guys are doing in additional value added products and services and of course in a couple weeks we'll talk more about that. But that's a meaningful measures to how we've been able to increase the rate of revenue growth in the United States.
Ryan Cary: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Kevin McVeigh: Great. Thanks. Great, great job. Is there any way to think about obviously you were able to maintain the revenue guidance. FX we know, but clearly the macro slowed down and you were able to absorb that. Is there any way to think about how much stronger it would have been, just given - trying to underscore how durable the model is given what's been a pretty tough macro environment as well?
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think the way we try to characterize that Kevin is, we indicated that absent the incremental FX headwinds, our revenue would have been - our revenue expectation for fiscal '16 would have been toward the higher end of the range that we had previously provided that $2.06 billion to $2.10 billion. So that's probably the best metric I could point to, to sort of give you a sense as to what revenue might look like absent the implications of FX. The other way to look at it as well is what I mentioned previously. If you go back to what we said in July we expected to deliver that 2.06 to 2.10 billion, which reflects 6% to 8% growth over last year, that's 9 to 11 on a constant currency basis at that time, its now 10 to 12. So we're absorbing about 400 basis point of FX headwind now for the full year relative to what we thought would be 300 at the beginning of the year. So that gives you a little bit I think of a sense as to what the business would have performed or how the business would have performed absent both the FX we anticipated in July, as well as the incremental FX we're now absorbing as well.
Jeffrey Sloan: Kevin, I would just add to what Cameron said that, we're really just finishing  just finished up the first quarter. So I also think you have you to realize that as we guide toward the rest of the year as Cameron mentioned, looking at fairly volatile FX environment and clearly as Cameron just indicated the majority of any impact has really been FX, not the macroeconomic environment. But sitting here in the first quarter if you look at our track record, I think we like to be in a position where we say that we've got the balance just about right, looking out at the remainder of next year. So I wouldnt  if we were sitting here in the third quarter in fiscal 2016, we would probably be having a similar conversation, but the conversation with a little bit more pointed detail about the impacts. We've got three quarters to go, and in that context we want to make sure that we continue the trend that we've seen over the last year and a half.
Kevin McVeigh: Understood. That's helpful. And then just switching gears, in terms of - should Visa Europe change hands and ultimately the Chinese market open up to kind of MasterCard and Visa? Does that open up incremental opportunities for you folks or is it kind of net neutral?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes. So Kevin, its Jeff. Listen those things are nothing but good news for us. So as we said before, I think the ability of our partners in our ecosystem to invest in their businesses, to innovate, create new products and services, expand into new markets is an important part of our success. It's not just for us, it's true of the industry. But it's an important part of our success. So we're big believers in those kind of technological investments, and we able to show how we've been able to catalyze on that across a number of markets. So I don't know what's going on in Visa Europe beyond what we all see in the press which you can see as well. But I would say if the philosophy is to drive additional acceleration of growth by Visa into Visa Europe, if the philosophy is to drive additional products and innovation and really drive additional card adoption and additional technological innovation, I think that's very good news for Global Payments and probably also very good news for our broad partners. I think a very similar thesis is true in China. If that market opens up the way the Chinese government has described, it's a very good business and relationship in China and mainland China are today and we would expect that to benefit not just Global Payments but a number of the other partners in the ecosystem. So if you step back for a second and you ask what are some of the macro trends that are really driving some of the results we've seen across our company, the collapsing of barrier as it relates to doing business across borders, the lowering of costs of acceptance, the acceleration of technological investments through people like Apple and Google and Samsung and American Express, those are all very good things for our business and what you just cited are two additional examples of things that would be very good for us.
Kevin McVeigh: Awesome. Thanks.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Chen: Hi. This is actually Jeff Chen filling in for Jim. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you guys could quantify how much attrition rates in the direct customer business has come down over the last two years and how much of that you attribute to improved business cycle or integrated payments or other factors perhaps?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Jeff. I'll start and give a little bit of broad color in terms of those trends and I think Dave's going to drill down into detail particularly in the North American markets. So I would say when we looked at this before, in general two thirds of you attrition for Global Payments, I'm sure it's true of our peers too really comes from the business cycle. So the vast majority of folks who don't stay with us over quarter periods of time is reflective of the fact that they're no longer in business and that tends to be the principle issue. The other third is split between price and kind of service and other things. So the vast majority of stuff relates to the economic cycle. You also have the related issue, of a more difficult cycle, you have less and fewer new business, small business formation. So you see both of those issues when there's an economic slowdown. That's generally you how the math tends to play out. My guess is it's very similar for our peers. Dave, you want to talk about the
David Mangum: Yes. I mean, the core attrition is really consistent around the world. You asked specifically about the United States, it's actually very consistent there over the last couple years, as you might imagine we track this diligently. What has changed a little bit to your point is our mix. So with more integrated payments businesses the overall attrition in the United States has dropped a little bit just based on the weighting of bringing more and more integrated merchants with the less likelihood of them leaving over a price functionality product, in fact quite the opposite they say because of price quality, product and functionality. So other than macro issue or individually going out of business, we really don't have very much attrition at all in that integrated business. That's obviously brought down to overall US attrition a bit. But if you go through the other channels, whether it's director or even frankly the pieces within the ISO channel but also obviously our gaming business, attrition is really quite low, but also quite consistent.
Jeffrey Chen: Thanks. And just returning to the JVs for a bit, given that regulators are beginning to encourage the partnerships like you said, have you guys seen any more incremental competition for these relationships?
Jeffrey Sloan: I would say it's always competitive. So smart global financial institutions have a bunch of alternatives. I like to think it's linked Global Payments, but of course in the real world it's not. So I think we - I know we assume that all of our potential partners may have choices be it very competitive, and that really hasnt changed at the end of the day. So I like to thank and I think our track record shows that we bring a lot of things to the table from an ability to actually show that we have been able to create value with our partners over the broad periods of time, our ability to execute, our ability to cross-sell, ramp up sales and penetrate into new markets. I think we have some distinctive advantages but I dont think we ever fool ourselves thinking that its not competitive or we dont want to put our very best foot forward each and every time and that really hasn't changed.
David Mangum: I mean we work very hard, we work very hard to obviously position ourselves as the partners choice and our ability to continue to expand partnerships like we have with Caixa as we have now partnered with them in Central Europe, in Eastern Europe through the years of transaction. I think it is indicative just how well some of those partnerships have gone and how effective we are actually partnering with some of these financial institutions. So, although they are competitive we do work very hard to make sure that if it is a situation that we find attractive and the opportunity is compelling to us that we are doing everything we can to prevail.
Jeffrey Chen: Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Craig Maurer of Autonomous. Your line is now open.
Craig Maurer: Good morning, thanks. Couple of questions. First, could you be more specific on the contribution OptBlue is making to topline growth in North America and potentially, if you roll that out not only Canada but across the Atlantic. And secondly, I know this is a bit of an abstract question, but could you comment on the European court's decision to eliminate the Safe Harbor Act and if that, if you can envision that having any impact on payment processors or companies that operate out of U.S. in Europe. Thanks.
Jeffrey Sloan: Sure, its Jeff, Ill start with the second question first, and Ill ask David to comment on OptBlue and principally North America. So, on your question about the European court, firstly they really talked about the safe harbor which came out the other day and which concerns over the safe harbor. Global payments we believe today complies with the directive. We were relying on the safe harbor, that with some of the issue the other day. So, we believe we are in compliance with the base directive. We don't think that directly that well have any significant impact on the way we do business. Now there are a bunch of third parties that vary by market that will have to digest the opinion and those third parties may or may not be relying on the safe harbor and thats something that will have to be worked through. But as it relates to us directly, there we dont expect any impact and what the EU court ruled on the other day.
David Mangum: Yes. So then relative to OptBlue really around the world is a focus on your question, were obviously not going to break out the incremental revenue contribution of OptBlue. You should know though and Im sure you realize this, its a nice piece of the organic growth story but really its a piece of an overall story that Jeff touched on earlier which is were rolling out new products on a consistent basis, therefore it can be difficult to purely model this which is transactions, trying to spread to get you to revenue. Were rolling out value added products in every channel. We already have the value proposition I mentioned earlier in OpenEdge. Now were going to add OptBlue on top of that to drive a little more growth deeper into the double digits and thats really what weve been able to do across all of our United States channels.  Sales have been terrific and in fact, we are actually seeing volume increase to the ISO channel now through OptBlue. Thats really the power of the distribution network weve built, the ability to pump out new product on top of these existing core transaction volumes.
Craig Maurer: Im sorry, I just wanted to follow up. Do you - like some of your peers expect to see significant grow over the OptBlue contribution at the end of the calendar year?
David Mangum: You mean, grow over issues, no, we dont at all. In fact, this is now a core part of the transactions, we then process from there. So it becomes a part of just same stores sales as we go forward including the opportunity to go and continue to penetrate our base. Its not as if we exit calendar 2015 fully penetrated with AmEx OptBlue and I would say, far from it. We have a long way to go. We would probably describe it, it may be the fifth innings in United States and thats not true of all of our channels. Some of our channels are in the third innings, couple in the sixth, thats why I mentioned earlier, were beginning to see an uptick even in the ISO channel which is incremental net revenue and net profit to global payments with each sale. So we feel very good about the trajectory in United States and the long term trajectories result of that product and the other products we are delivering. In Canada, just to finish up the part of your first question, its very early, just launched in June. Now remember in Canada and with the other markets if you think around the world, you have to start with what AmEx has penetration overall in the market, therefore what can the contribution be. Were very happy today with the progress. Our sales folks have hit every milestone in Canada that we'd expect in the early days its available nationally and so we expect that to be a part of the Canadas stability and modest growth story. In fact it just give us more confidence about the Canada youve heard us talk about for several quarters now as you roll-out around the world, what you may find and youll find this probably in the U.K. is OptBlue will replace existing programs in some markets. So some of the incremental opportunity may be muted but there is an incremental growth opportunity in each market as we roll this out globally again in our unique global distribution platform in our unique technology platforms.
Craig Maurer: Thank you. And just one additional if you could comment on where you think Europe is in terms of the progress made across the entire regulated area in cutting interchange levels. We know that some countries have been far more progressive than others and where you think we are in that process?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, I would say we are in the very early innings of that process of course Spain as Cameron alluded to in his comments, really adopted the interchange changes and that is annualized as of September 1 of this year 2015. But with that exception, by and large were in the very early innings, the way the policy directive is played through in the EU is that while its country specific in general we expect most of that to begin in earnest in the back half of fiscal 2016 which for us is starting in December, at the beginning of our back half of 2016. And then we will see what the pace of change is country by country thereafter. But I would say were in the fifth or sixth inning as David said in OptBlue we are really in the first or second inning in the case of the European rate reductions.
Craig Maurer: Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks very much everybody for joining us this morning and your interest in Global Payments.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott - EVP and Chief of Staff Jeffrey S. Sloan - CEO David E. Mangum - President and COO Cameron M. Bready - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citibank Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Steven Kwok - KBW Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Co. David Togut - Evercore Partners Tim Willi - Wells Fargo James Schneider - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Global Payments Fiscal 2015 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder todays conference will be recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Elliott : Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2015 conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during this conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and any subsequent filing. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings and net revenue which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these measures more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings, net revenue and other non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP results, in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jeff Sloan, Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you Jane and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased with our strong performance in fiscal 2015, demonstrating another year of solid execution that resulted in substantial growth across our markets. For the year, we delivered reported revenue growth of 9% and grew cash earnings per share 18%. Additionally, we increased margins by 60 basis points, representing the first reported annual margin expansion since 2006. We expect continued positive momentum in fiscal 2016 as we execute our strategy to expand direct distribution, leverage our technology and prudently deploy capital.  In fiscal 2015, we enhanced our geographic footprint by entering Australia and New Zealand with the addition of Ezidebit, and Ireland with the acquisition of Realex Payments. Coupled with our acquisition of the FIS Gaming Business in the United States, our 2015 acquisitions really augmented our product and technology capabilities and added significant additional distribution.  We remain focused on expanding distribution in strategic markets globally. Together with our partner CaixaBank, we recently announced the Joint Venture with Erste Bank Group, one of the largest multi-national banks in Europe to provide merchant acquiring and payment services in the fast growing Czech Republic, Slovakia and Romania markets. As we have said recently now is a favorable time to invest in Europe and we intend to leverage our proven sales capabilities products and technologies to drive accelerated growth. We look forward to generating attractive returns with our partners in these new direct markets.  Fiscal 2015 was also an important year for successful launches of new product and services in the United States, including AmEx OptBlue, ApplePay and Global Shield and Edge Shield, our security solutions for EMV, tokenization and encryption. Our global footprint combined with our unified worldwide operating environment and scalable technology platform streamlines our ability to efficiently launch similar products into other markets. For example we were the first payment technology company to introduce AmEx OptBlue into Canada in June. We also launched Apple Pay in the United Kingdom earlier this month.  We remain committed to providing our merchants with value added, innovating solutions, as we introduce today the technologies of tomorrow. We committed nearly $1 billion of capital in fiscal 2015. In addition to the nearly $600 million allocated to the previously noted acquisitions, we've returned almost $400 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We remain committed to actively managing our capital base as we enter fiscal 2016.  Now for quarterly highlights; we are delighted that our North American business continued to deliver solid results for the quarter. Our U.S. direct channels generated 13% organic revenue growth and Canada continued its steady performance in local currency, resulting from stable business fundamentals and effective execution. Our international results exceeded our expectations, primarily driven by organic performance in Europe. We continue to see double-digit volume and transaction growth in Spain for the quarter.  Europe results also include the Realex acquisition that was completed at the end of March. As a reminder, Realex is a leading e-commerce and payment gateway technology provider in Europe. The Realex and Erste Bank transactions highlight our commitment to maintaining a pre-eminent position in Europe.  Asia delivered consistent organic revenue growth. We also are delighted with our Ezidebit business which performed in-line with our expectations and we look forward to closing our joint venture with the Bank of the Philippines Islands. We expect our recent investments in Asia Pacific to enhance our rate of organic growth across those markets overtime. Looking ahead to this fiscal year and beyond we have completed the pivot towards the scale direct distribution model that we have been describing publicly for the last two years.  Going forward we will now provide extra reporting metrics that better match the way we manage the business and provide for easier comparative analysis. Were also modifying and raising our expectations for revenue growth, margin and cash earnings per share growth over the next three to five year cycle based on the progress we have made in transforming our business. We now believe our organic net revenue growth will be in the mid to high single-digits, operating margins will be significantly raised on a net revenue basis with sustained expansion of up to 50 basis points per annum and we expect to deliver low to mid double-digit cash earnings per share growth annually. Now I will turn the call over to Cameron. 
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks Jeff and good morning everyone. I'm also pleased with our fiscal 2015 performance, particularly in light of the significant negative foreign currency impacts included in our reported results. For the full year total company reported revenue was $2.78 billion, a 9% increase over fiscal 2014. On a constant currency basis, revenue growth was 12%. Cash operating margins expanded 60 basis points to 19.4% and diluted cash earnings per share increased 18% to $4.85. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 total company revenue was $707 million, reflecting growth of 5% over the prior year or 10% on a constant currency basis. Operating margins for the quarter expanded 50 basis points to 18.6% and cash earnings per share increased to $1.22. Highlights for the quarter include the following; North America revenue growth was 4%, with operating income growth of 3% including the impacts of significant unfavorable currency trends in Canada. On a constant currency basis North American margins expanded by 30 basis points. U.S. revenue growth was 6% reflecting strong organic growth of 13% from our direct channels and low single-digit growth in our ISO channel. As a reminder our PayPros acquisition annualized at the beginning of the fourth quarter.  Canadas revenue grew 5% in local currency, resulting from consistent execution and stable fundamentals. In U.S. dollars Canadas revenue declined 7% as a result of unfavorable currency exchange rates. International segment revenue growth was 6% in U.S. dollars with margin expansion of 310 basis points. On a constant currency basis Europe revenue growth in U.S. dollars was 19% while reported revenue growth was 1% as a result of exceptionally unfavorable currency exchange rate, particularly for the Europe.  This performance continues to be fueled by strength in Spain as well as the addition of Realex during the quarter, offset by under performance in our Russian business. Asia Pacific revenue grew 27%, driven by mid-single digit organic revenue growth trends, in line with our expectations and the Ezidebit acquisition. International cash operating income grew 16% including the impact of significant foreign currency headwinds.  We generated free cash flow of approximately $72 million this quarter and $371 million for fiscal 2015. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to non-controlling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $36 million for the quarter and $93 million for the full year. During the quarter we purchased 1.3 million shares at an average price of $95.59 per share. Subsequent to the end of the quarter we settled our previously disclosed accelerated share repurchase program and retired an additional 162,000 shares.  Lastly our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the year was approximately $195 million. Before moving to our fiscal 2016 outlook I would like to call attention to the new disclosures we are providing today. As Jeff noted these metrics are to better align our reporting with how we managed and measure our performance internally, as well as provide for improved comparability with our peers. First, we were introducing a new net revenue disclosure that reflects the economic benefits of certain wholesale lines of business, such as our ISOs on a net basis. We will now deduct gross-up related payments associated with these channels from our GAAP revenues and operating expenses. This disclosure does not impact our cash operating income or diluted cash earnings per share, but will affect our cash operating margins. Further for fiscal 2016 and beyond we are modifying our reporting convention for cash earnings to exclude expenses associated with share based compensation. As noted we believe this will provide for improved comparability with our peers. Going forward we intend to both guide and report, utilizing our net revenue metric and our new cash earnings convention. In addition operating margins will be presented on a net revenue basis. For convenience we have provided fiscal 2015 results including quarterly data consistent with this methodology on schedule 10 to our earnings press release. Now let's turn to our fiscal 2016 outlook. We expect our annual fiscal 2016 net revenue to grow 6% to 8% from fiscal 2015 and range from $2.06 billion to $2.10 billion. Note that this growth rate is approximately 300 basis points higher on a constant currency basis or 9% to 11%. We expect cash earnings per share to grow 11% to 15% from fiscal 2015 and range from $5.60 to $5.78. We also believe cash operating margins calculated on a net revenue basis will expand by as much as 30 basis points in fiscal 2016 on a constant currency basis. Actual cash operating margins on a net revenue basis are likely to be roughly flat due to the impacts of unfavorable foreign currency trends. On a GAAP basis we expect annual reported revenue to grow 4% to 6% in range from $2.87 billion to $2.95 billion. Again this growth rate is approximately 300 basis points higher on a constant currency basis or 7% to 9%. As a reminder one of our larger ISO partners was acquired in June 2014 and our outlook assumes this ISO will begin migrating off our platform in calendar 2016. Although this impacts our GAAP revenue for the year, it is not expected to have a material impact on our net revenue, operating income or cash earnings per share. In fact our ISOs in the aggregate are becoming an increasingly small portion of our business. For fiscal 2016 we expect our ISOs to represent approximately 17% in North American net revenue and 13% of North America operating income and roughly 11% of total company net revenue and 8% of total company operating income. We anticipate the distribution of quarterly cash earnings per share as a percentage of annual cash earnings per share to be roughly consistent with that of fiscal 2015. With respect to the more detailed assumptions that underlie this outlook, net revenue for our North America segment is expected to grow at a mid to high single digit rate which includes FX headwinds of approximately 200 basis points. U.S. net revenue growth, which reflects ongoing strength in our direct businesses and the addition of our FIS acquisition which closed on June 1st is expected to be in the high single to low double-digit range. Canadian net revenue growth assumptions remain in the low single-digits in local currency. We expect North America cash operating income to increase in the mid to high single digit range compared to last year. North American margins are expected to expand in fiscal 2016 despite the anticipated FX headwinds from Canada. We anticipate that international net revenues will grow at a mid to high single-digit rate in U.S. dollars, including currency exchange head winds across all markets, particularly in the first half of fiscal 2016. We anticipate these FX headwinds will impact growth by approximately 500 to 600 basis points for the year. We expect margins to be roughly consistent to down modestly largely due to currency impacts. We expect annual net revenue growth for Europe on a U.S. dollar basis could be low single-digit; but high single to low double-digits on a constant currency basis. Asia is expected to deliver U.S. dollar revenue growth in the high teens driven by the addition of BPI and Ezidebit which annualizes in October. International expectations include impacts from the Realax acquisition and the BPI transaction which is expected to close towards the end of the first quarter. However our outlook does not include the announced joint venture with Erste Bank which we do not expect to have a material impact on the companys fiscal 2016 cash earnings per share or capital plans. For fiscal 2016 we expect share-based compensation expense being excluded from cash earnings to amount to approximately $0.20 per share, roughly the same as fiscal 2015. Our effective tax rate is projected to approach 27% and our diluted weighted average share count is expected to approach 66 million shares for the year. Consistent with past practice our guidance does not include any future share repurchases. Lastly we anticipate that fiscal 2016 capital expenditures will total approximately $105 million. For fiscal 2016 we will continue our disciplined and balanced approach to capital deployment. Consistent with that strategy our Board of Directors approved an additional $300 million share repurchase authorization which expands our total capacity to approximately $400 million and further demonstrates our ongoing commitment to prudent capital management on behalf of our shareholders. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you, Cameron. Building on the solid foundation from fiscal 2014 we delivered yet another year of strong results in fiscal 2015. As our fiscal 2016 and new cycle guidance suggest we remain committed to accelerating growth across our markets. We have now completed our pivot toward direct distribution. We are confident that we can attain our heightened net revenue, cash operating margin and cash earnings per share growth goals even though the bar continues to be raised. We believe our positive momentum, ability to successfully execute on our growth strategies and capital deployment capabilities will continue to drive value for our shareholders, partners, customers and employees. Before I turn the call back over to Jane we will be hosting an Investor Conference in Atlanta on October 20th. More details regarding this event will be forthcoming soon. We hope to see you all there. Jane?
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Before we begin the question-and-answer session I would like to ask everyone to limit their question to one with one follow-up in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. And operator we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great, thanks. Good morning everyone. I will ask first on Canada maybe, just been doing some research there. I heard the low single-digit outlook for the year. I am curious what the spread assumption is for guidance, or what the spread dynamics are today given some of the changes going on there?
Cameron M. Bready: Hey Tien-tsin, its Cameron, good morning. I would say for Canada for fiscal 16 the outlook is roughly consistent with what weve seen over the last probably two years. Canada for us continues to be a stable market, which is really the combination of transaction growth and spread and we expect that trend to continue as we look forward to fiscal 16. For 15 as you noted I think we performed a little better than our guidance, which is low single-digits growth in local currency, but as we roll into 16 I think we still view Canada as a low single-digit growth market in local currency and thats going to be the combination of stable transaction volumes and spreads over the course of time.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got it, and I heard the new targets, make sense. The sustained margin expansion of the 50 bps is that primarily just coming from better incremental margin business from the direct channel you are building on and did I hear correctly that in 16 you are looking for 30 bps in constant currency, if so whats delta between the 30 and the longer term 50?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Tien-tsin its Jeff. I will start and then Cameron will join in on the 16 guidance. So the answer to question is yes. Its from a better mix of businesses as well as leveraging our infrastructure and our technology platforms. So if you look at first the fiscal 15 results for the U.S. direct business organically we're really in the double-digits organic revenue growth all year in fiscal '15 in U.S. direct. And as Cameron guided for '16 we expect that to continue.  So we invested pretty substantially across our businesses but in particular in the United States on the direct business. Now I think we're reaping the benefits of having made that investment. I'd also say that we talked in our prepared remarks about our unified operating structure we put in a place the last couple of years as well as new product development. So of course Tien-tsin you know we've been very successful with American Express OptBlue here in the United States and now also we've rolled out in June in Canada.  So we think if those things give us sustained accelerated growth in the United States and North America with better margin characteristics Tien-tsin than the corporate average. Cameron you want to talk about the guidance?
Cameron M. Bready: Sure, just a couple things to note on the guidance. So as we said our cycle guidance is up to 50 basis points annually. For this year we're guiding up 30 basis points on a constant currency basis for margins. A couple of things to note about '16 in particular, one is, is its July. So I would bear that in mind as you contemplate the guidance we're providing. Secondly, we did a lot of transactions in fiscal '15. Now there is a fair amount of integration work thats still ongoing with respect to those transactions including Ezidebit. We closed the FIS gaming business on June 1st, we have a couple of other transaction we expect to close during the year. So in the near term, obviously as we're integrating those businesses there is a little bit of headwind on margins but we are still able to grow through that and expand margins through that. So I think it positions us well for fiscal '17 and beyond. 
Tien-tsin Huang: Understood, thanks for detail. 
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks Tien-tsin. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open. 
David J. Koning: Yeah, hey guys, thanks for all that disclosures, super helpful and good job. And I guess my first question is just the UK interchange adjustments that are coming on in December, is that really much in the guidance, it didn't look like in Europe you're guiding to anything overly aggressive. So I'm just wondering if that was kind of in there in or not. 
Cameron M. Bready: Dave, it's Cameron. I would say yes, it's in there. The important thing to recognize about Europe is just the impacts of FX headwinds in fiscal '16 that is having an impact on the local currency growth that we would otherwise expect to realize for the year. As we said for Europe, we expect low single digit revenue growth for fiscal '16. On a constant currency basis that's going to be high-single digit. So that's really going to be driven by what you're expecting in the UK in the back half of the year with the benefit of the lower interchange regulations coming into play.  As well as, as you remember weve annualized the benefits we've seen in Spain come at the end of the first quarter. So that obviously is a grow-over that we have for the back half of the year as well. So when you balance those things out on a local currency basis we would expect high single digit revenue growth in Europe, which is I think accelerated from what we have seen largely led by the strength in the UK on the heels of the benefits of the EU regulation coming into effect. 
David J. Koning: Okay, no, that's helpful. And I guess my follow up question separately the ISO business -- the net revenue presentation now you said it's 11% of total revs this year and about 8% of EBIT. I would have actually thought that on a net basis that ISO processing business was a really high margin above the company average but obviously it's below given it's less of an operating income percent than revenue. So I'm just -- I would have thought like 40% margins maybe you can just talk a little bit about the margin dynamics. 
Cameron M. Bready: Yeah some of it is the convention that we're utilizing for addressing the business. So we're backing out residuals but assessments are not being backed out. So that's part of the reason that the margin profile maybe a little bit different than you would expect perhaps on paper. So I think that's part of the driver. I think on a wholesale basis the margins arent terrible dissimilar to what we see from our retail basis business around the globe. But it is probably a little bit wider when the assessments are in revenue as we brought them. 
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, David, it's Jeff I would just add to that. As you think about where weve been investing especially in the United States with the OpenEdge, those are very high margin businesses, the direct business we've been investing in. So OpenEdge Gaming for example in the United States and then of course we said this at the time when we invested in Ezidebit in Australia and New Zealand, but Dave I think we said that would have about 40% margins at the time that we did the deal a year ago.  So I think that we have the happy answer of having significant investment and expansion of our businesses with very attractive margins. And that's how we look at it Dave rather than so much the ISO businesses in one place, I would say the other businesses that are growing very quickly has a far better profile than the average. 
David J. Koning: Great. Well thanks, good job. 
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks Dave. 
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks Dave. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citibank. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar : Thank you guys and congratulations for good solid results here. My first question is on capital deployment. So you guys mention that you will be focused on integration of the deals already completed or in progress. Would that then imply that you are less focused on M&A, that the M&A outlook is maybe muting out a little bit and any incremental thoughts on capital structures?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah Ashwin its Jeff. So we've announced I think its five acquisitions now, in the last twelve or thirteen months, but we still have a very full pipeline, particularly in Europe and Asia. So I would say that we don't see any diminution in the outlook for M&A. Of course as we said it takes the right partner in all these transactions but I wouldn't look at any of the announcements we've made or statements to indicate its anything other than kind of full steam ahead on the capital deployment.
Ashwin Shirvaikar : Okay. And if Cameron, if you could walk us through sort of the -- a lot of moving parts here, so the year-over-year comparison of what goes on with FX, with the acquisitions, with the changeover of the accounting, if you could kind of give us a bridge? You might have had that if so I missed it up, I apologize but if you could give us a bridge of how do you get from the exit growth rate to sort of full year growth rate for the next year?
Cameron M. Bready: Sure. I'll be happy to, let me start with just providing a couple of specific indications in details in case you didnt capture them in my prepared comments. First of all you were guiding to net revenue growth of 6% to 8% which is really 9% to 11% on a constant currency basis. So to me that's the right sort of starting point for the conversation is 9% to 11% number on an adjusted net revenue basis. So I think as you think about the way we've been talking about our direct distribution business this year that 9% to 11% is fairly consistent with the growth that we've seen in the direct distribution business throughout the course of fiscal '15.  So when we look at the organic normalized growth rates, 15% to 16% they are going to be roughly the same, they are 7% to 8% on a constant currency basis depending on the quarter which aligns, I think very well with the organic growth we've been generating in the business on a normalized basis this year. So I think the growth trends are very much intact year-over-year. You're obviously there is a lot of moving pieces as you correctly described but when you normalize for all the transactions and you address currency you're going to see a normalized organic growth rate in the 7% to 8% quarter-to-quarter and we feel like that is obviously a trajectory that we can continue to achieve as we push forward in time.  I am happy to address any other specific questions but that would be my general comment about how we look at fiscal '16.
Ashwin Shirvaikar : No, that's very helpful, thanks.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Perlin: Thanks, and good morning. The kind of longer term cycle guidance from margins of 50 basis points per annum, I was wondering if you could, I guess maybe help conceptualize how we build up to the 50? Are you contemplating the ability to have more pricing opportunities long term, just given kind of the nature of the industry or is it that you really feel as though you've got kind of the economies of scale and you can drive your unit cost down to have the confidence to have 50 basis points, or is it just an incremental mix benefit as well. I know you're going to say all but if you could parse it, that would be helpful.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Dan, its Jeff. Ill start and ask David to join in too in a moment. So the first thing Id say is on a comparable basis that you look at 15 over 14 we would've seen a very similar margin expansion similar [ph] to the 50 basis points that we're describing today on a constant currency basis. So I really, first view Dan is an extrapolation of how the companys been operating for the last couple of years kind of point number one.  Point number two, in our business the margin economics are very good in what we do. So we tend to think that the vast majority of an incremental dollar of revenue for 80% tends to fall through our bottom line as an operating matter. So of course the faster we grow the more transactions that we do generally the higher the margins and the more profitable that we are. Thats particularly true as we pivoted more toward direct distribution and more of the retail business in a way a bit [ph] from the historical legacy of the company as they -- as a wholesale business.  So those things lifted margin in '15 over '14 and we expected to lift margins '16 over '15. We've also been benefiting from the investments we've made in product and technology. David you want to talk a little bit for example some of the things you've done at product?
David E. Mangum : I'll happy to, Dan. When you think about the cycle it becomes a fairly easy conversation around the operating company piece as the guys described in the prepared comments. As we operate as one company, we've the opportunity to drive products and drive additional leverage all across the company as we make progress. So for example the one we talked about before is American Express OptBlue, which has rolled out brilliantly in the United States. It's beginning its roll out in Canada after a very good start. It will find its way to Europe over time as well as you know and eventually to Asia.  We've a similar inventory of products like that, that we expect to help us drive growth and drive incremental profitability over the next several years. At the same time we have the opportunity to operate the company more efficiently with the same paradigm, whether that's operations credit risk and again even product and product development. So those pieces come together nicely and then we're working closely with all the businesses around the world to roll out what I would call global capabilities or things like integrated payments and omni-channel ecommerce. You saw us purchase Realex to add to our stable of products to be able to drive any kind of transaction anywhere in time. That kind of omni-channel processing is where we are going to drive enormous amount of highly profitability growth we believe over the next several years.  And then finally maybe the most apparent one to you, as you look at, particularly our U.S. results today is the success in integrated payments. There were driving continued organic mid-teens volume out of the open edge business in United States and the Ezidebit bussiness in Australia and New Zealand with the ability to expand those globally. Right now we are working hard on taking that sort of dedicated ecosystem of partners, lead generation and sales closure into Canada as we speak and really it's exciting for us right now. One of our largest partners in the United State is expanding with us in the United Kingdom as we speak.  So you can see the beginnings of a global approach to integrated payments. That's really something unique that only Global Payments can do right now.
Dan Perlin: Great and then just quickly on the recently announced JV, I'm just wondering, I know it's not going to -- doesnt sound like it's going to be material in '16, but with like Asia and the other opportunities that you have built out is there other parts of like the portfolio that we are just not paying attention to that could also be bolted on into other JV's, to make them more meaningful in '16 and then is there opportunity to kind of leverage your legacy MUZO business given that the Czech Republic has always been kind of a hit or miss market for you guys? Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Dan. It's Jeff. I think the answer is absolutely part of the guidance around '16 is that we need three regulatory approvals in three different jurisdictions. As it relates to Erste, our Czech Republic, Romania and Slovakia. So it's a little bit of just to get pre-approval takes a little more time Dan. So I think its less a comment about the economics of the transaction and more a comment of that will take us a little more than we typically we do, and obviously we'll be updating that as we get closer. But that's one answer.  The second thing I would say is absolutely if you look at what you refer to as MUZO, when we call Global Payments Europe. Today that is a business prior to the Erste JV that was 90% what I would call indirect add, meaning our customer was the bank but not the merchant and 10% direct, meaning 10% of the business has the merchant as the bank customer. Pro forma for the JV that's pretty much closer to 50-50.  So if you think Dan what we've tried to do here and the rest of our businesses globally, but especially here in the United States, we spent over a $1 billion of capital in the last several years migrating to more of a retail business and a direct merchant relationship business for all the reasons that you are familiar with. We think we are doing the same thing now with GPE. So if we can continue that trajectory and turn into more of a direct business, a very opportune time in Europe where the common European payments area, with cost coming down for our customer base, while the exchange rate in this area going in our favor, we think we have the ability to create a really meaningful cross border omni-channel business the way David described it a few minutes ago strategically. We think it's a very, very important step for us and our GPE cohorts.
David E. Mangum : I think Dan, its David I would say one other thing. I think we have a pretty good track record of taking ventures like this, integrating them, migrating platforms as appropriate so we can lever the product and drive the kind of direct distribution we believe we were good at operating around the world and then driving increasing returns and actually the same pattern for that deal as has been for our previous deals.
Dan Perlin: Great. Thank you guys.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Glenn Greene : Thanks, good morning.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Good morning.
Glenn Greene : First question, I just wanted to touch on open edge specifically APT and PayPros, maybe get an update there, are they sort of still tracking toward high teens revenue growth and I know you had the integration of PayPros going on and sort of dragged down margins for a bit, but more specific within fiscal 16 how should we think about the aggregate margin profile for the open edge business?
David E. Mangum : Glenn, its David. And I think you put your finger on the correct metrics. At the end of the day we believe were going to drive organic mid-teens to high-teens volume and revenue growth in Open Edge as weve done since we first purchased Open Edge three years ago and we added PayPros to it but first -- excuse me APT three years ago and add PayPros to it a little over a year ago. So that business is right on track with U.S. performance. It is actually fully integrated, we got some platform work to do but at a sales force level, the piece of it that drives the initial sale and net organic growth, fully integrated and operating as one unit as we roll into 2016 which allows us now to think about the global expansion of Open Edge that I described a little bit earlier in answer to Dans question, as we complete our migration into Canada and actually think about other markets in Europe going forward.
Glenn Greene : Okay, and then Jeff I know previous to the change in the -- adjusted revenue reporting you had been talking about a long-term operating margin goal of 25% and obviously with the change in reporting that could kind of blow that out of the water but how should we be thinking about the long-term, and I know youve talked about the 50 basis points annually but is there sort of a reasonable expectation over a five year period where you think aggregate margins could go to?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Glenn its a great question. So I think I can get to the low 30s. So yesterdays mid-20s Glenn is probably tomorrows low 30s.
Glenn Greene : Okay. And then the final question just to level set us all, on a GAAP revenue guide perspective how much is the Mercury drag?
Cameron M. Bready: Glenn its Cameron. We havent specifically sort of identified in our guidance how much of drag Mercury migration will be in fiscal 16. We expect them to begin migrating in the first part of calendar 16. So the back half of our fiscal year. I think the way I would characterize it is the range that we have provided, I think accommodates a variety of outcomes for Mercury, from they migrate fairly quickly at the beginning of calendar 16 to they migrate more slowly and tend to be off more towards the middle of calendar 16.  So I think thats part of the reason we have a little wider range on the GAAP revenue is to accommodate a variety of outcomes on Mercury.
Glenn Greene : Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kwok with KBW. Your line is open.
Steven Kwok : Thanks guys, good quarter. I just have one quick question. Just around given some of your peers, maybe one of your larger peers maybe looking to go public by the end of this year, can you talk about the competitive landscape within the space today and do you envision that changing once your peer is public? Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Steven its Jeff, thats a good question. So no, I dont think its going to change all that much. I would say that first of all across all of our businesses and our markets we operate in a very competitive environment. Thats been true for very long time and I expect that to continue to be true kind of point number one. Point number two, I think its nothing but good news for us and I think for our peers to have more public comparable data points for you and our analysts and also for our shareholders. We think we are pretty transparent with the way that we provide our disclosure. As you can see today weve supplemented that, so that we can provide you more disclosure around how we are operating.  We think that compares very favorably to existing public companies and new public companies. So as I would say our peers performing well on a comparable basis is really good for the industry and really good for us.
Steven Kwok : And then just as a follow up. In terms of what are the specific regions that you guys compete in?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, so you are right in what you said Steven it does vary by geography. So I think operating [ph] regionally is the right way to go about it. So for example here in United States its largely day in, day out First Data, U.S. bank for [indiscernible] and then a number of the First Data joint ventures, certainly DAA merchants services Wells Fargo and the like is a good partner for us too but I would say its largely bank driven and of course First Data too with a number of our bank partnerships as well as Vantiv although I would say that everyone of those companies, I just mentioned has a slightly different strategy than we view, but its certainly across the board those are our peers in United States.  In Canada of course Moneris has the largest share in that market which is you know the two banks. In Europe it tends to be country specific but certainly United Kingdom its [indiscernible] and Barclays, constantly it varies by country, Caixa and our Comercia joint venture has a leading share in that market but certainly [indiscernible] there and BBVA would be examples of peers in that market.  And then Asia Steve, its really market by market. Its kind of hard to say. We certainly see banks like Citibank in a number of those markets. In the Philippines where we've announced our BPI joint venture its [indiscernible] BVO whos got the largest market share there. We have the second largest post the consummation of our JV. So as you can tell by all the different names Steven it really varies by market.
Steven Kwok : Got it. Thanks for the color.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, good morning, guys. Cameron, I was just hoping you would go through the international margin expectations for fiscal year '16 again. Sounds like there is some FX that has an impact and then maybe you could just break it out between Europe and Asia Pacific?
Cameron M. Bready: Sure Bryan, its Cameron. We haven't provided sort of the disaggregated margins by Asia Pacific and Europe, but I will try to give you a little bit color on those. If you look at the international margins on a net revenue basis kind of year-over-year we did guide to roughly flat to slightly down. That's largely due to potential impacts of FX in fiscal '16, that's included in our outlook. The other thing I would note is those margins are in the low to mid-40s. So in fairness when you're at margin levels at that range, again maintaining those margins, I think is a fantastic outcome.  Obviously we'll see a little bit of FX pressure on that, but again we do expect them to be roughly consistent, may be down modestly year-over-year but not dramatically. As it relates to Asia and Europe in particular, I think Europes where we're going to see the most pressure largely from FX as I mentioned before. I think Asia margins we expect to expand largely due to the continued contribution of the Ezidebit now in the Asia Pacific region which has a higher margin profile as described earlier relative to our sort of business as usual Asia Pacific business, that's operating in 11 Asian markets.  So from an Asia point of view I think the combination of both Ezidebit and the introduction of the BPI joint venture will do a couple of things, one is accelerate growth and then importantly continue to improve the margin profile in the Asia Pacific region.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And when you are thinking about then longer term about the 50 basis points on a constant currency basis, is that mostly coming in from the North American side versus international, since international already had such high operating margins?
Cameron M. Bready: I think that's probably a fair characterization. If you look at the North American business now and you look at the U.S. business in particular, our largest business and a net revenue basis in the U.S. is now Open Edge. Its approaching $300 million of annual revenue, growing in the mid-teens. So the US business on a net revenue basis is going to be roughly $1 billion. 75% of that is direct and the largest portion of that is Open Edge. And that is where we're seeing a lot of margin expansion in the business coming from mix, in addition to all the other things that Jeff and David described earlier around how we're operating the business on a global scale, how we're innovating new products and services that are higher margin relative to the traditional economics of the business.  All that's factoring into the margin expansion we expect to realize but a lot of that is going to come from North America and principally the U.S.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Great, thanks and congrats on the results.
Cameron M. Bready: That's Bryan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg : Thanks guys. Good morning. I just wanted to start making sure Ive got the pieces of the bridge from the 6% to 8% revenue growth guidance for fiscal '16 from the 11% to 15% on the bottom line. I know you said theres about 300 bps of FX headwind on revenue, so not sure how much of that also makes it down to the EPS line, because I know on a reported basis you're looking for kind of flattish margins and you're not building any more share buy back into the EPS guide. So can we just walk through that bridge?
Cameron M. Bready: Sure. Its Cameron and I will start and ask David or Jeff to add in any additional color. You're right on where you started. We are sort of 6% to 8% on a FX adjusted basis for net revenue growth year-over-year. We are expecting margins on an FX adjusted basis to be roughly flat. And obviously then on an op income basis we are expecting kind of mid to high single digit growth on op income. So we are driving up income growth that is incremental to our net revenue growth, due to the mix of the businesses where FX is having an impact and where it is not. That's obviously dropping to the bottom line in addition to share repurchases we've executed in 15 that we will fully annualize in 16 are helping to drive the incremental cash earnings per share above and beyond the top line revenue growth and operating income growth that were forecasting.
David E. Mangum : Yeah, and the other pieces Jason, this is David again are really the cross sales and the additional product roll outs I was describing earlier. The ability to roll out OptBlue into Canada, to lock in the kind of local currency growth we have, locking the profit improvement, setting aside FX entirely for a moment, that sets up then how we deal with the FX adjusted growth. Same with the Realex and the omni-channel sales will do across the UK and then across the rest of the Europe, eventually as well and Ill set this up for highly leverageable, highly leveraged growth over the middle term to long-term and even well see some of those benefits from Open Edge on some of the other businesses including Ezidebit in the short-term in 16 to setup then the parameters that Cameron just walked you through.
Jason Kupferberg : Okay. And then just as a follow-up given the huge presence you guys have in the SMB market in the U.S., I wanted to get your perspective on EMV roll out within that merchant base, what you are kind of seeing now what you are expecting as we kind of get to the quasi finish line here in October and then beyond because part of our thesis has been that between EMV and Apple Pay and other mobile payment solutions a lot of the merchant acquirer and processors have been embracing more of kind of a technology led consolidated sales approach as opposed to just going in and bidding on processing. So whats your perspective on that?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, our perspective aligns almost perfectly the way you just described Jason. At the end of the day you are seeing some fundamental changes. They start with the fact that this is a merchant choice, at the end of the day. So you need the help of your technology provider you are acquiring traditional terms to help you think that through, think through the business case for your industry and for your particular business, and also relieve you with a burden of dealing with all the security issues that happen in our industry, so you can focus on running your business. I love the way you phrased the question because this really is all about SMEs at the end of the day. The large merchants will make their own choice of their own point of sale devices.  So for us weve obviously been deploying -- for quite some time its about enabling EMV terminal space, were really comfortable with our progress, were rolling through the upgrade to technologies, were the certification you might imagine. But really what were trying to do is help our customers think about their own security needs overall. EMV is just the piece of the puzzle. So were selling through Global Shield which is the security solution we have for our direct business and the edge shield, which is the solution we have for the integrated business, a suite of security solutions that you can tailor to your business.  The point-to-point encryption EMV, token, token vault and obviously come with whatever is appropriate in terms of PCI compliance and then you really do perform that consultative role as out of the town [ph] dealing with small merchants its a one on one conversation helping them think through what to do and when. So setting aside any metrics as I said before were very comfortable with our progress to-date but at the end of the day were actually gaining a little share, nominally particularly in integrated because we were among the first to roll out integrated security solutions, we can take across that base.  And really thats the sale were making for the long-term as well. Its that relationship based sale where were driving a serious value proposition that allows them to focus on running their business, whether its a pharmacy or a vet or any other sort of vertical and let us focus on the complexity of payments, let us help you deal with Apple Pay, Samsung, Android all the rest of the pieces you might imagine in this evolving technology world and youve heard us use the phrase technology-led distribution, technology-enabled distribution thats the business we run today, you are exactly right Jason.
Jason Kupferberg : Okay, I appreciate the comments.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore SIS. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you, good morning. What are some of the acquisition opportunities Jeff that arise from the new regulatory reforms in Europe? In particular how do the interchange caps for example affect a banks ability to stay in the merchant acquiring business as opposed to considering a portfolio or so?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah its a great question, David. So first we got a real live example from yesterday which is the announced Erste JV in continents like Europe. So most banks run the acquiring business together with the issuing business. So David as the interchange caps come on board in the most markets in Europe thats going to be early December, given the EU adoption of those rules. It means David on one side of the ledger they will be losing potential revenue and fees as interchange comes down on the issuing side. Therefore as they look at their portfolio of businesses that they have won in cards they then look at the acquiring side and depending on the acquiring nature of their market if they can find the right partner there is an opportunity they would hope and we expect to be able to grow the acquiring business more quickly to offset any diminution on the interchange side of the issuing business.  So for those banks who choose to exit, they've made the decision that they don't think they can grow more quickly, or havent found the right partner. But for those banks David, like Caixa in Spain with whom we did the JV in 2010, or in particular Erste with whom we and Caixa now did yesterday, I think they have made the decision that if I can grow my acquiring business more quickly, benefit from the changes in the EU market place with rates coming down, having a common acceptance area, perhaps I could offset or even grow my overall card business to offset the interchange hit coming on the issuing side and that's how it works.
David E. Mangum : And maybe at the other end of panel, David, its David, to do with the partner in terms of thinking through the ramifications of the technology, the platforms that deal with that complex regulatory environment. You are asking a lot of legacy platforms inside of banks. So the idea of dealing with the partner we can actually leverage that same technology platform capability across the globe is really an attractive situation on the other side.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: That's certainly [ph], the level of investment as we heard in the last couple of questions, David in terms of new technology and compliance has only gone up. So if you partner the change in interchange on the issuing side with what David just said, which is that the bar continues to be raised makes it great difficult from most traditional financial institutions, especially in countries in Europe to really go it alone.
David Togut: Is yours the transaction, the beginning of a longer term trend much the way we saw banks in the U.S. sell their merchant portfolio starting about 30 years ago?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, I believe it is, David. I mean for a long time and you've been in the industry for as long as we've been. I think for a long time we've been talking about this type of partnership possibility in Europe. But now I think we've seen it in the case of yesterday with Erste and now I think we've seen it come to fruition and I think what's driving that as much as anything is what we just talked out a minute ago which is the common European payments area coupled with technology and compliance team with the banks. So this is one of the number of discussions we are in with banks in Europe and of course we've also announced the partnership with the Bank of Philippines Islands, [indiscernible] by market cap in the Philippines to do the very same things. So I do believe that we're in the sweet spot. What I expect to see to be further JV's across Europe.
David Togut: Understood, thank you very much.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Willi from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Tim Willi : Thanks and good morning, two questions. The first one was if you could just give an update on Brazil and Latin America in general the sort of how you are feeling about that operation,
David E. Mangum : Tim it's David. Thanks for asking about Brazil. We feel actually pretty good about it. We are actually up to about 10,000 merchants. It's growing really quite rapidly. We are adding distribution partners at a steady pace and as you know that's really the key for driving organic growth in that market. We are obviously still quite small at 10,000 merchants when we were zero not really longer. We are very happy with that progress.  We also have a new technology platform that we rolled out few months ago and really we're very happy with the product suite and particularly I'm happy with our e-commerce capabilities in that market, because I think that's really the place where we can drive growth as opposed to fighting it out merchant by merchant for brick and mortar business and we feel like we are very well positioned with the e-commerce platform to add additional products on top of that. So really we feel in very good and we are exploring other markets around Latin America really fits into the same answer Jeff gave earlier about M&A and opportunities.  Latin America is a key geography for us with our partner Caixa as well, as you might imagine. So much more come on Latin America over time, but we very happy with progress to-date in Brazil.
Tim Willi: Great and my follow-up was around sort of e-commerce and omni-channel. You talked a lot about how you are positioning Europe with recent acquisitions. I'm sure it's in the U.S. aside you think about your role either in the direct channel and if you are sort of the integrated payments channel in software is opening up opportunities as those customers that are using the software trying to find cross channel capabilities as they build out sort of e-commerce or virtual businesses on top of physical locations and to what degree I guess also do you hear from your acquirers any opportunities or asking you to advance your capabilities as they hear that from their own customers, give us the sort of the feel on the ground. Is there anything there going on that we should think about?
David E. Mangum : Yeah, there is, actually its a great question, a thoughtful question. The core of the integrated payments industry tends to be face-to-face transactions where you've integrated the payment technology with the software, someone obviously is helping that small business person run his or her business. Whats buried below that and we don't talk about it a lot but it really will be a key source of growth for us over the next couple of years and integrated in United States and globally is the any, any, any nature of payments, the payments they are having increasingly at restaurants and retailers, small ones around the country.  So the enablement of present capability, the enablement of any sort of omni-channel payment will really go fuel incremental transaction growth we don't see today as well as the key part of the value preposition to the merchants we're thinking about really working with consumers in the new paradigm today, they are no longer walking in doing a research on a mobile device maybe not transact on that device because certainly at mobile device is not a great experience today, but its improving that, allowing them to come in and do the brick and mortar transaction or do it in house but they are also improving the mobile as a core part of the product.  So when you think of the assets, we're putting together around the world the marriage of integrated plans, the software that helps the small business person manages our business and the ability to accept and process and manage the fraud compliance and security payment in any channel really is a powerful set of capabilities we're putting together and that's the undercurrent when I talk about the leverage of product and technologies around the world at the time that helps us to support the sizeable guidance that Jeff and Cameron are talking, about all that coming together is really the underpinnings of what we are talking about with this confidence in our cycle guidance.
Tim Willi: Great, that's very helpful. Thanks so much for your time.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe address the cadence of operating margins as you head across fiscal '16. You mentioned mix and some of the potential synergies from the acquisitions as being two possible drivers, but are there any other things we should think about in terms of how operating margins progress over the course of the year?
Cameron M. Bready: Jim, it's Cameron I'll start off. I don't really think there is anything too terribly unusual in any particular quarter as we roll through the year. I think we would expect relatively stable margins 15 to 16 quarter-over-quarter, you are going to see little bit of pressure in the front half of the year largely due to FX. That will balance out in the back half of the year, should be roughly flat. And again as we mentioned before we're guiding to sort of reported net revenue base operating margins are roughly flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Again we expect them to up 30 basis points sitting here today.  So that's really the only color I could give as bear in mind the impacts of FX in the front half of the year, would be more acute obviously in the back half of the year we expect them to dissipate to some degree, although we still expect a little bit of FX headwind in the back half of the year.
James Schneider : That's helpful. Thanks. And I realize it's a relatively small part of your businesses at this point as you provided all that disclosure, but can you maybe just give us a sense about your expectation for the ISO business in fiscal '16 versus '15?
Cameron M. Bready: Yeah, it's still a good question, it's still about you know 25% of our U.S. business on a net adjusted revenue basis. So it's is still an important part of our business nonetheless. As we look at fiscal '16 you have a couple of things going on as we talked about before. The growth in that business had been slowing for a couple of years, that trend has not changed. Even on the adjusted net revenue presentation that we're now providing. The other thing that obviously is expected to happen this year as we commented on in our prepared remarks is the migration of [indiscernible] and again we don't have an exact timeframe as to when that will happen and I think our guidance ranges around both adjusted net in gross are meant accommodates a variety of outcomes for Mercury migration in the back half of our fiscal year, recognizing of course on a net revenue basis that migration has very little impact on our net revenue obviously has a larger impact on our gross revenue.
James Schneider : That's helpful. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks Jim.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks very much everybody for joining us this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-04-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott - EVP and Chief of Staff Jeff Sloan - CEO David Mangum - President and COO Cameron Bready  EVP and CFO
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Matt Roswell - RBC Capital Markets Dave Koning - Baird Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Georgios Mihalos - Credit Suisse Michael Landau - Evercore ISI Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citi Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Steven Kwok - KBW Darrin Peller - Barclays Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2015 Third Quarter Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions and answers. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2015 third quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and Form 10-Q. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures, such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these measures more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings and other non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning, and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, Id like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff?
Jeff Sloan: Thank you, Jane. And thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are delighted to report another quarter of strong financial performance while growing right through significant unfavorable currency movements. Reported revenue growth for the quarter was 8%, 13% on a constant currency basis. In addition, cash earnings per share grew 19% and margins expanded 80 basis points, solid performance by any measure. Our U.S. business again delivered robust results, led by our direct channels which generated double-digit organic revenue growth for the third consecutive quarter. Importantly, U.S. organic revenue growth accelerated from the prior two sequential quarters and it will also continue to achieve steady performance in local currency, resulting from the consistent business fundamentals and good execution. Our international results exceeded our expectations in local currency across our markets with the exception of Russia. Asia produced another quarter of consistent revenue growth with particular strength in the Philippines and Singapore. In Europe, we continue to benefit from solid transaction growth and market based pricing changes in our Spanish business. In addition, Global Solutions continues to see strong ecommerce revenue growth. We believe that our ecommerce and omni-channel payment solutions provide us with a differentiated value proposition in an increasingly dynamic international payments market. In that context, we are especially pleased with the acquisition of Realex Payments announced in March. Realex Payments is a leading ecommerce and payment gateway technology provider in Europe, delivering a wide range of payment solutions to merchants. This is a favorable time to invest in our European businesses as the region moves to a single European payment area. Merchants are increasingly seeking more comprehensive regional and worldwide payment solutions. The Realex Payments transaction represents a strategic investment in our international ecommerce capabilities, immediately enhancing our products targeted to the digital space. It also strengthens the foundation of our international omni-channel solutions by allowing us to combine Realex Payments gateway and payment service provision technology with our worldwide merchant acquiring expertise and footprint. Over the last two and a half years, weve invested approximately $1.2 billion in technology driven payment services through the acquisitions of APT, PayPros, Ezidebit and now Realex Payments. These transactions have advanced our strategy to expand differentiated distribution and further develop market-leading, innovative products and services. Realex Payments is a logical next step in expanding and controlling our technological edge. We believe the successful execution of our strategies will continue to set us apart from our competitors. We are particularly pleased to continue to return capital to shareholders while also significantly increasing our growth potential for the future. Now, I will turn over the call to Cameron.
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff and good morning, everyone. I am also very pleased with our financial performance for the quarter, particularly in light of the significant foreign currency translation headwinds we experienced. Total company revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2015 grew to $667 million, reflecting 8% growth over fiscal 2014 and cash operating margins expanded 80 basis points to 19%. Diluted cash earnings per share increased 19% over the prior year to $1.14. On a constant currency basis, total company cash operating margins expanded by 140 basis points. Importantly, foreign currency impacts for the quarter were more significant than we forecasted at the time of our last earnings call, in January. Relative to our foreign currency expectations at that time, revenues for the third quarter would have been $680 million and cash earnings per share would have been $0.04 higher. Our core business again demonstrated strength during the quarter even after normalizing for the additions of PayPros and Ezidebit. Assuming we own the PayPros and Ezidebit businesses in our current and prior year third quarters, or normalizing for their effect, total company revenue growth on a constant currency basis was 7% for the quarter. North America segment results were impressive with revenue growth for the quarter of 10% and margin expansion of 40 basis points. On a constant currency basis, North American margins expanded by 90 basis points. These results were driven by U.S. revenue growth of 14% which continues to benefit from strong organic performance in our direct channels. On a normalized basis, organic U.S. revenue growth was 5% for the quarter consisting of 15% growth in our direct channel and no growth in our ISO channel. Local currency revenue growth in Canada was 4% for the third quarter, ahead of our expectations. However, Canada revenue in U.S. dollars declined 6%, as a result of an unfavorable currency exchange rate. International segment revenue growth was 4% for the quarter in U.S. dollars with margin expansion of 310 basis points. On a constant currency basis, Europe revenue growth for the quarter in U.S. dollars was 12%, while reported results declined 3% as a result of exceptionally unfavorable currency exchange rates, particularly for the euro. This performance continues to be fuelled by strength in Spain and our ecommerce channel, offset by underperformance in our Russian business. Asia Pacific revenue grew 24%, driven by stable organic growth trends in line with our expectations in the Ezidebit acquisition.  International cash operating income grew 13% for the quarter, including the impact of significant foreign currency headwinds. These results continue to reflect strong local currency revenue growth, prudent expense management across the regions and the addition of Ezidebit. We generated approximately $107 million of free cash flow this quarter, which we define as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, plus capital expenditures in distributions to non-controlling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $23 million for the quarter and our total available cash including working capital was approximately $232 million at the end of the quarter. Lastly, we repurchased a total of approximately 640,000 shares during the quarter for approximately $57 million. Since the end of the quarter, we have repurchased an additional 445,000 shares for approximately $41 million, bringing our total fiscal year-to-date share repurchases to $270 million. We now have $202 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. As noted in our release this morning, we intend to enter into an accelerated share repurchase program this month to purchase an additional upto $100 million of our common stock. Now, Id like to turn to our expectations for fiscal 2015. Notwithstanding the significant incremental impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation, we are reaffirming our revenue outlook for the full fiscal year and expect reported revenue to grow 8% to 10% and range from $2.75 billion to $2.8 billion. Based on current rate assumptions, we would expect full year revenue to trend towards the lower end of this range solely due to foreign currency translation as revenue continues to exceed our expectations in local currency. We are particularly pleased to be raising our cash earnings per share expectations yet again to a range $4.77 to $4.84, reflecting growth of 16% to 18%. We also now expect core cash operating margins to expand by as much as 60 basis points in fiscal 2015 with margin expansion in both our North America and international segments. These expectations reflect current rate assumptions would suggest some modest further strengthening of the U.S. dollar. As usual, our cash earnings per share expectations only reflect share repurchases that have been completed prior to this call and do not include any impact from the anticipated accelerated share repurchase program that we announced today. We expect this program to add approximately $0.01 per share to our cash earnings per share estimates for the full year. We currently have approximately $750 million of capacity to fund future initiatives including approximately $500 million of availability on our corporate credit facility after taking into account the Realex Payments transaction that closed late last month. As a reminder, we expect the FIS and BPI transactions to close towards the end of our fiscal 2015 and we intend to fund these acquisitions from operating cash flows and do not expect them to have a significant impact on our near-term capital allocation plans or facility availability. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you, Cameron. We are delighted to yet again raise guidance for the reminder of our fiscal 2015, reflecting our relentless focus on financial execution and a successful implementation of our growth strategies. As we look to fiscal 2016, we see positive momentum in our businesses as we expand technology enabled distribution and reposition Global Payments to a unified worldwide operating company. Now, Ill turn the call over to Jane.
Jane Elliott: Before we go to the question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up, in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you. And operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Bryan Keane: My question is just around the International margins; they continue to impress; theyre better than what we expected. It sounds like its more of the same ecommerce in Spain. How do we think about the margins going forward and as we carry over to fiscal year 16, obviously there has been some regulatory changes. Just like to get your latest thoughts on how much the increase or the upside in International margins can continue as we go forward here.
Cameron Bready: This is Cameron. Ill start and then ask Jeff to provide any more color that he would like to on the topic. So, I think International margins, as you look at them for the quarter, they were up 310 basis points. The first thing to take into account is FX. So bear in mind from an international point of view, given the weakness weve seen in foreign currencies, it actually increases to some degree the margin for the quarter. So, on a constant currency basis, margins were still up handsomely, roughly 240 basis points but not quite the 310 that we printed. As it relates to looking forward, I think our expectations remain of a view that frankly International margins should remain relatively stable at these levels going forward. We have seen some benefit in this year as it relates to the reduction of interchange in Spain. But obviously as we sit here today, we anticipate incremental benefit in FY16 with the changes in EU legislation around interchange rates that will be a positive benefit for the International margins as well even as we annualize the impacts in Spain. So, I think our general view is we would expect the margin profile for International remain relatively consistent with what weve seen over the course of FY15 because of some of the benefits we expect to see in Europe as well as the increment that will be provided by the transactions weve executed this year Ezidebit, Realex Payments et cetera that will be beneficial to margins long-term.
Jeff Sloan: I would just add that Bryan by saying that since our last call, the EU has adopted in March the [cluster] [ph] and domestic regulations that weve been now talking about but they are not in effect yet; we would expect a benefit in fiscal 16 in our European business, in particular Bryan in our United Kingdom business. So, I think we have two tailwinds as it relates to our European business, in particular heading into 16; one is as Cameron said that Spain wont analyze until the second fiscal quarter for us, so I will come back to that in a second. And the second benefit is probably in the back half of the year when EU rules are fully implemented, well see a benefit as well primarily from our UK related business prior to Realex from a similar lowering of interchange cross-border as well as domestically. I will say as you said before that in case of Durbin, wed assume by way of analogy with the Durbin pricing changes in the United States that those diminishes oil pricing actions due over time. I think as we said to you Bryan and others that we were positively surprised by the duration of the pricing benefit coming out of interchange reductions here in United States around half the volume; those persisted for longer than we would have expected. So while we will of course annualize in September, sort of our second quarter benefits in Spain, I would say if it follows the Durbin like trend to extrapolate that we dont expect a full attrition of that spread action to begin in September, instead its more of an annualization rather than a diminution of the spread benefit.
Bryan Keane: And then my follow-up question, just looking at the guidance for revenue, you guys are still reiterating guidance, but its a wide range given we only have one quarter left. I got it at about 1% to 8% revenue growth; youre saying probably towards the lower end of the range. My math says, there is probably about six points of FX headwinds in there. And then I know PayPros, the acquisition has anniversaried. So just trying to think about some of the puts and takes between FX and acquisitions. I guess Ezidebit still there and does Realex ramp up and whats the latest on the FIS gaming business and when that ramps up? Thanks.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, its Cameron. Ill start. I think the simplest way to think about guidance for the remainder of the year as it relates to revenue is look at some of the color weve provided in the script. If you go back to our expectations for FX in January, we then utilize those same FX rates for Q3, we would have reported revenue at around $680 million, so roughly $13 million higher than what we recorded actually for Q3. And that reflected probably about half of quarter of impact from the weaker foreign currency rates relative to the U.S. dollar. So if you assume a full quarter of that in Q4, just doing simple math that would bring the total FX headwind in the back half of the year to roughly $40 million. But if you take that off at the high end of our guidance of 2.8, it kind of puts you at 2.76, which again is towards the lower end of our guidance range. So, we think all else being equal but for FX, we would have been at the high end of our guidance range, roughly to $2.8 billion, but FX is really driving us down and its still a fairly wide range, but still driving us down towards the lower end of that range as we sit here today. Youre correct that PayPros does annualize in Q4. We do have the addition of Ezidebit that is helpful. As weve said at the time we did the Realex transaction, we expected to be [immaterial] [ph] really to Q4 and full fiscal 15 results. So its really a function of PayPros annualizing in Q4 and incremental FX headwinds that we anticipate thats going to bring us towards the lower end of our guidance range as we sit here today that is our expectation.
Bryan Keane: And just any timing on when you expect the FIS gaming business start to ramp?
Cameron Bready: Yes, we expect it to close towards the end of the fiscal year; so, were not really anticipating any benefit in fiscal 15 for that transaction. So we would expect to have essentially a full year of impact in FY16.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Matt Roswell: Its actually Matt Roswell sitting in for Dan. Question on the Realex acquisition; what percentage of their transactions do you currently process and is there an opportunity to move those transactions on your system going forward?
Jeff Sloan: Its Jeff. So on Realex, we have been a large partner of theirs since 2012, selling their gateway services with our acquiring under the label of global IRS which is what we were calling it. We represented about 20% of Realexs business at the time that we purchase Realex in the last week or so in March. I give you that detail because we were already doing the acquiring for the business that we were referring in Matt, to Realex. So, I dont think that there is a substantial additional benefit on that acquiring piece, but I just described because were already doing it, so in other words were using their gateway in doing our acquiring. I think the benefit and the reasons we thought Realex to be a very attractive strategic investment were number one for us to be able to offer that bundled service in a way that we own the economics, not just of the acquiring, but also of the gateway on a bundled basis. We thought it was a very attractive and believe is a very interactive investment to make, number one. Number two, increasingly innovation is a kind of the gateway layer. So for us to make sure that we preserve the point of interaction with our customer, when customers are making choices, they are making choices on the front end about innovation, products and services. And as part of a bundled package, our ability to control the point of distribution much like weve done here in our other markets through our integrated channel, our ability to innovate and control the point of distribution as a key competitive sales edge. And we thought over time, its more important to own that more than anything else. And then lastly, as we said in our releases, as the world moves and we move to a more of an omni-channel dilution set which is to say [indiscernible] card not present which is Realexs focus as well as a card present solution and our ability to provide our distribution with their technology, we think also is a point of competitive differentiation in omni-channel environment. So Matt, thats really how we thought about the strategy around Realex.
Matt Roswell: Okay. And if I could ask follow-up, can you give us an update on moving some of the integrated businesses up to Canada?
Jeff Sloan: Sure. Ill start and then David, Ill ask David to provide to a little bit more detail. So, I think one of the competitive advantages that we have globally at Global Payments is our multinational footprint and our ability to take successful models from one market into another market, given the scope of worldwide acceptance that we have, really that its a part. Just outside Realex one of the rationales behind Realex was to continue expand it into other markets in Europe that Realex was not present with our distribution and these were very similar pieces on integrated. David, do you want to comment on that?
David Mangum: Yes, Im happy to. Youve put your finger on important growth initiative for us for 2016 and beyond. In particular, we are starting with Canada for expansion of integrated out of the U.S. so, what we will also be expanding integrated business we have in Australia across Asia over the course of time as well where it applies. Specifically in Canada, we have a dedicated sales force. Weve signed a number of partners and are certifying a number of partners. Although a bit in infancy in terms of the stage of business, we are very excited about the opportunity of being the first source to bring integrated payments at scale of the market with our unique global footprint. So, we will be starting with Canada; look for more news on this as we head into 2016 and beyond. But dedicated sales force, real partners now out selling as we speak and the same unique bundle of ecosystem of partners generating leads, us generating close and then driving that kind of mid-teens growth you use to see in the United States from the open edge business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Koning of Baird. You may begin.
Dave Koning: My first question, just North American margins were up pretty nicely, I think 40 basis points year-over-year. And thats one of the better of the past many years. Im wondering, you talked about ISO is being flat and direct growing nicely. Is that mostly just a mix shift function or are the margins actually within direct business going up year-over-year as well and that contributing to the lift. And if so, is that pretty sustainable; do you expect that business to keep expanding margins?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, this is Jeff. Ill start and Cameron will add some more color on the financial aspect of what you asked. I would say in my opinion, it is sustainable; this is part of the strategic shift that weve been making over the last two and half years. Ive referenced in my comments the $1.2 billion of investments weve made. The first two pieces of that about $800 million were in APT and PayPros. If you think about what weve been trying to accomplish here strategically and youre seeing the results is having right people in the right places with the right distribution model. So, if you look at the way organic revenue growth, it really about the whole fiscal year and accelerating days into this quarter as I said in my remarks which receives our direct book which includes open edge but is not limited to it, really accelerating to organic revenue growth to mid double digit as Cameron described in his remarks this quarter, which importantly gave us acceleration over the previous two quarters growth in the low double digit, number one. Number two, while open edge is obviously a big part of that and very good margins, I dont want to sort of change or direct business outside of open edge; its a very good performance this fiscal year and excellent performance this quarter, Dave in our direct book, direct channels and in our gaming related businesses and our bank related businesses, all well in excess of market rates of growth. And Dave as you know those generally come in at much higher margins in our overall corporate margin and certain in our ISO margin. So, I would say, looking at this strategically Dave, this is what the combination of two and half years of investment, very good and consistent execution this fiscal year but really an acceleration this quarter of the trends that we saw in our direct business not only open edge but direct book more generally versus what weve seen earlier in the year. Cameron, do you want to comment on some of the specific margins?
Cameron Bready: Sure, Ill just give a little more color commentary around it Dave. You correctly highlighted margins in North America were up 40 basis points for the quarter. I would also note that was 90 on a constant currency bases. So even that 40 was laid down by fairly significant FX headwinds from Canada, as you know many of expenses associated with that business are in U.S. dollars; revenues are reported in Canadian dollars. So, we absorbed roughly 50 basis points of impact from FX from Canada in that North America reported numbers. So Id say its particularly impressive results when you factor in that aspect as well. There obviously is going to be a little bit of mix shift in there also if you correctly highlight it. But I think fundamentally whats really driving that is our success in executing on our direct distribution strategy, the contributions at open edge, the combined platform of APT and PPI are bringing to the business as well as Id say improvement in the overall momentum around just a core direct channel business that we have in the U.S. market.
David Mangum: Dave, this is David. I would like to add a little more color, the same thing these guys are saying but in a slightly different way. Remember the way the model works, we need a stable Canada regardless of FX and we need execution in the U.S. business; theyre executing very, very well. When we turn this to mix shift, just note this is conscious mix shift weve been working on driving for the last two and half years as Jeff pointed out. Quite frankly, whats going beautifully is the slowdown the ISO channel is demonstrating to you what the rest of business can do.
Dave Koning: And just my brief follow-up, your guidance kind of implies sequential EPS of kind of flattish to up $0.07 Id think; and historically youve grown $0.10 or more sequentially in Q4. And maybe you can help just a little bit whats the difference this year than the last few years?
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think the primary difference Dave is going to be FX. So, if you look at the impact that we bore in Q3, as I mentioned earlier, was about a half a quarter of impact. But the significant decline particularly in euro and the Canadian dollar kind of in that January, February timeframe. So we absorbed mainly half a quarter of those in Q3. We expect sitting here today based on our rate assumptions for Q4 to have a full quarter of impact of certainly a stronger dollar relative to the Canadian dollar, the euro and the pound primarily. And thats driving incremental FX headwinds in Q4 that we have to absorb relative to Q3. So I would say on a constant currency basis, you would have seen growth or would expect growth in the same sort of magnitude that we traditionally produced between Q3 and Q4, but the impacts of FX are weighing that down slightly in Q4 relative to Q3.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tien-tsin Huang of JP Morgan. You may begin.
Tien-tsin Huang: I wonder in terms of U.S. ISO business, just how that came in versus plan and any change from large ISO partners in general?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Tien-tsin, its Jeff. The ISO business was pretty much on plan. I think as you laid out, in July of 2014, looking at fiscal 15, we thought it was going to be a low to no growth business which our guide for the year. And its been pretty much, Tien-tsin, low single-digit thats just about flat to the first couple of quarters of this year. So, if you look at the year in entire, Tien-tsin, there is really no difference. And as it relates to rest of our partners, also no difference on the ISO side, so really, Tien-tsin, nothing that is changed.
Cameron Bready: Actually, Tien-tsin, were within almost dollars of the full year budget as we sit here today.
Tien-tsin Huang: And then just on Realex, it sounds like a good acquisition given everything youve said. Can you give us some idea on growth in revenue margin? I know they do about 28 billion [ph] in volume or so. And I am curious just why now; I get the strategic side of it, but why now? I know that EU regulation is coming through. Does that motivate some of the timing on this deal; just kind of understand a little bit better? Thank you.
Jeff Sloan: Ill start and then Cameron I think will comment on the financials around Realex. So, I think youre right in what you said. We said at the time of the deal and also in my prepared remarks this morning, we think now is a very favorable time to invest in our European businesses. First, the regulatory changes that you alluded to: As you said a number of times, its probably nothing but good news, some cost come down for our customers and our potential customers; so we benefit directly at Global Payments or not that really is good news for us, number one. Number two, if you think about what the EU is trying to accomplish in a single European payment area, put aside interchange for a second, I think the thesis is that this is a common market. And our ability to offer acceptance in an omni-channel environment regardless of how the transaction comes into us and all those markets, really leverages the breadth of the distribution that we have if card not present as well as card present along with the technology that Realex has, particularly in a card not present environment. Of course as said as we look at deals around the world, there is a lot of things that go into the calculus but its not lost on us, the reverse of what Cameron has said about the impact on our results, its not lost on us that the pound and the euro and other currencies are relative low versus the dollar. So, as we look at making investment decisions, the idea that we can look at various markets on the acquisition side to take advantage of what we believe to be dislocations in exchange rates were making long-term investments is something that we also take into consideration from a timing point of view and place into notion that its a favorable time the investing in those businesses. Cameron, do you want to talk about the financials?
Cameron Bready: Sure. So Realex comes into our business at margins that are better than our total company average today. Its revenue is roughly half the size of that of Ezidebit, a little less than half the size of Ezidebit. Maybe important thing to recognize is t hat Realex going back to Jeffs comments; this is a perfect time to be buying that business because its fantastic technology that needs distribution. And what we bring to the equation is leveraging our distribution. So as we grow and expand and utilize that technology in our business is going forward margins for that business will scale very nicely over the course of time as were able to leverage their technology through our distribution network without significant incremental investment to do it, youre going to see a margin profile for that business on a standalone basis that really scales nicely as we continue to leverage this technology through our sales distribution network in Europe on both the UK domestic market as well as our omni-channel, omni-solutions business thats based in UK as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Georgios Mihalos of Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Georgios Mihalos: Jeff, you mentioned several times that this is a great time to be investing in Europe. And I am just curious what the outlook is there for more bank joint ventures going forward versus trade-up acquisitions. And as you think of all the different regions youre investing in, would you say that Europe, the opportunity in Europe is now sort of at the top of the heat compared to Asia and in the U.S.?
Jeff Sloan: Yes Georgios, let me start with that second question first. As I said before, were opportunistic but the most important thing in our corporate development pipeline is that something actually be actionable and be for sales. So to understand Georgios, we have a view on the market which Ill go through again in a minute but it needs to be actionable and attractive for us to move ahead. So were thankful weve been able to close four transactions in the last six months and hopefully more to come. As it relates to the bank JV part, the first part of what you said, we do see a lot of activity in Europe coming through the SEPA like regulations and the lowering of interchange on the JV side with financial institutions in Europe in particular; we dont see as much movement around the rest of the world. And we are engaged in discussions like that in a number of markets in Continental Europe. But it does require that we find the right partner; it does require, Georgios, those returns look favorable compared to our benchmark recurrence which is really investing ourselves by buying back our stock. You include the ASR [ph] that we announced this morning, we had either bought back or committed to buy back or are going to commit to buy back almost $370 million this year. So, its a balance between the two of them. I certainly hope that we will be able to announce additional JVs as we did with Bank of the Philippines particularly in Europe, in the coming months. So, its very dependent on the facts of the returns and who the partners really are. I dont expect as a point of matter, those transactions to be sizeable uses of capital. I think theyre important to us strategically. I think they fit thesis of what weve been describing. But those transactions in general are not things that are material to our leverage members.
Georgios Mihalos: Okay, great; appreciate that color. And then, may be just to shift gears on the U.S. side, I think you mentioned the direct and aggregate has grown 15%; I think it was plus 12% last quarter, so a nice acceleration there. Within there, can you call out the growth in open edge specifically? I think that was grown high teens. Has that accelerated even further?
David Mangum: Georgios, this is David. We dont call up the pieces specifically; you do recall correctly. That is growing mid to high teens; that has continued at that pace. The integration is going very well and we are very happy with the progress; there is a leadership there. I would also point out and Jeff mentioned earlier, just because I feel the need to do it. The rest of the U.S. channels are executing very well; were seeing double digit growth in gaming, were seeing strong growth in the core direct card channel; all the pieces are really executing quite well right now.
Georgios Mihalos: And then last thing. Did you guys call out the transaction growth in Spain this quarter? I think you have in the past; Im not sure if I caught it this time around.
Cameron Bready: We did not call it out specifically in our prepared remarks. But it was high single digit, low double digit range again. I think it was 13 last quarter; it was probably 9 to 10 this quarter. So again very good organic execution in Spain coupled with again the continuing benefit of the lower interchanges really driving the performance in that market.
Operator: Our next question is from David Togut of Evercore ISI. You may begin.
Michael Landau: Hi, this is Michael Landau. First question, I was just wondering if you could call out the transaction growth and revenue for transaction growth for this quarter for the U.S. and Canada.
Cameron Bready: Transaction growth in Canada again has been relatively consistent throughout the year and this quarter again its going to be in that low single digit range which is fairly much in line with what we saw in Q2 as well as Q1. In U.S., I think we had transaction growth of roughly 2%; its 10% again for the direct business weighed down by the ISO of business. So overall growth was roughly 2% which again consistent with our earlier comments around revenue growth, driven by strong growth in our direct-channel and roughly 10%, weighed down by the ISO channel that was actually in Europe.
Michael Landau: And can you quantify just overall unit pricing trend in each of the sales channels, ISO direct and open edge in the U.S. and as well as just generally pricing trends in Canada?
David Mangum: The core answer is theyre very stable; there is very little change in unit pricing trends within open edge but it will change in the direct channels in United States; almost no change in Canada. And as you keep going around the world, youd find very little change absent obviously the interchange driven spread changes that you find in Spain. What we find right now really around the world is very stable conditions really talking about unit pricing, average tickets themselves that drive them volume and obviously Canada is going to do some of the transaction trends. So again stable conditions, really positive conditions underlying the business itself as we go market by market, which again has enabled the level of execution youre seeing around the world.
Michael Landau: And the 26% tax rate was a bit lower than previous; is that a sustainable rate going forward?
Cameron Bready: No, I think we still expect the tax rate to be roughly 27% or crossing 27% for the full year, so a little bit lower in Q3 but I think our full year expectations around tax rate remain relatively consistent with our commentary to last quarter, which is in the 27% range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. You may begin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So, I guess my first question is with regards to Europe. Can you share what sort of assumptions you have with regards to transaction volume or purchase volume lift that you might assume because of SEPA? And this sort of speaks to several of the comment that you have had with regards to more JVs, with regards to the Realex acquisition and so on and so forth. I mean in terms of just breaking out how you might look geographically say one to two years down the road, I just wanted to understand the breakout of the business that youre aiming for?
Jeff Sloan: Sure. Ashwin, its Jeff and Ill start. The way I think about Realex for example in terms of the opportunity across Europe, before I get to the SEPA question, is that we think that the card not present market is growing across Western Europe in particular which is what were primarily focused in that business in the mid double-digit to high double-digit range and we think thats $2 billion to $3 billion market today. So, we think about the size of that business relative to the size of our business and why were making that kind of investment. We think the ability to capture share in a $3 billion market growing at 15% plus organically is a good investment to make. I think as it relates to SEPA, I think its a little bit less on SEPA in the context of accelerating the 3 billion and the 15%, little more analogous to what we saw in Spain with our interchange reductions that were put into the place by the banks and the Spanish government on September 1, 2014. There are puts and takes between the two markets, the rest of the EU primarily for us the United Kingdom and Spain are not completely analogist. So for example, we have a higher SME book, small to mid-size book in Spain and we do in the United Kingdom where we have more large retailers who are pass-through. And were not splitting some of the interchange benefit with the JV partner in the UK as we are in Spain. So theres puts and takes. But I think in the next couple of years, as that rolls through actually in the back half of fiscal 16 going into fiscal 17. I would certainly look to what the benefits that we saw in Durbin when we have in here United States number and years ago, the benefits were seeing this fiscal continuing in Spain; as we think about the immediate meaning the next year or two worth of benefit to our European business through SEPA. Realex is a slightly different thesis, as I mentioned before, which is attacking a $3 billion revenue business growing at 15% is a good idea regardless of the rate reduction environment.
Cameron Bready: And Ashwin, its Cameron; Ill just add one other comment, which is if you think about separate more on a long-term basis, one of the things which hurts to do is help level the playing field. So as we think about opportunities for us and other parts of Continental Europe and particularly for situation where we can expand our card presence business, we do think SEPA is going to create opportunities and lead to hopefully potential situation, will be able to augment our existing portfolio, expand our portfolio through other ventures in Western Europe by creating more of a level playing field and foreseeing some of our competitors in those markets that be more rational about the merchant acquiring business.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: And then, with regards to Asia Pac, I may have missed this, but could you specify what the contributions on revenues and margins were from Ezidebit?
Cameron Bready: We didnt specifically call out the contributions from Ezidebit, Ashwin. What we have guided to previously is that we expected Ezidebit to contribute roughly $25 million of U.S. revenue or the entirety of fiscal 15, so for roughly the seven months that we will own it in fiscal 15. I would note however the Australian dollar has gradually weakened as has most of the foreign currencies to which we have exposure against the U.S. dollars. So, I would say that 25 million number now is a little high. We have probably guided you to something in the 22, 23 range, just more of the result of FX headwinds. From a margin profile perspective, weve always said that Ezidebit comes in at a margin higher thats higher than our international margin. So, it is impactful to the overall international margin, slightly for FY15, but more importantly for FY16 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Glenn Greene: Just a few follow-ups on some of the prior questions. Just on Spain, its helpful to get the sort of high single-digit, low double-digit volume growth, but could you sort of give us a little bit color on the pricing; did it stick to small order of magnitude as last quarter or did some about sort of trade is first question?
David Mangum: Yes, Glenn, its David. Actually its tracking very similarly the way Jeff was describing it earlier. It is trading away but at a fairly slow rate. Most important thing is I think what Jeff pointed out is the September 1st of 15, it will annualize; it wont be gone at that point. But as with all markets around the world, if we go all the way back to Australia, thats what eight or nine years ago now or our Durbin experience more recently three years ago, it will relate to highly competitive industry; its just a matter of sort of wait and at pace at which it fits away. But right now it is moving in a way that were predicting pretty accurately. And you raise sort of the core point which is thats happening on top of a business is executing very well which is why its a happy outcome in our European results.
Glenn Greene: And then on Canada, its helpful to get the low single digit transaction growth and we know the FX. Can you just clarify for us what the spreads look like and the specific benefit you got from the pricing actions you took earlier in the year.
David Mangum: Yes, happy to go and state it again. I would say while we dont close the spreads, they remain stable. And youll recall what were managing in Canada from a sort of metrics perspective is the two curves of spread in transactions. To the extent they remain stable and somewhat similar to each other, we have something perfectly manageable and stable that generates a lot of cash and allows us to deploy it elsewhere around the world. And we have a nice solid market that performs very well for us and very high margins, setting aside entirely anything about currency for the moment which is saying within Canada itself. Thats exactly what we saw again in Q3. So without putting into specific metrics, spreads consistent, any pricing actions weve taken in this market have started very well to provide what we think still excellent service for the customers in Canada. So the pieces in Canada hang together very nicely for us right now.
Glenn Greene: And just finally, the benefit you got in the U.S. from up low and where we are in terms of middle innings and how much more benefit can get from a growth perspective there?
David Mangum: Actually I do think middle innings is an accurate characterization Glenn. Were not incredibly early obviously; were almost at the year end of the initial process of sales and rolling it out. And we have other channels where it has not yet rolled out; I wont specify them; we do have some other channels with some opportunity that we hope will help carry more of the organic growth for us in 2016. So middle innings; probably that just gets in fourth inning is about the right place to think about it. Its a very nice piece of organic growth. As you might imagine now that weve established consistently performing distributions channels across our direct channels, the next thing is to pump product to that and up low has been a great additional product this year to be a nice product again next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Kwok of KBW. You may begin.
Steven Kwok: Most of my questions have been answered already. I guess just wanted to touch upon the North America other revenue growth, specifically in the U.S. That accelerated quite nicely. Can you talk about how sustainable that trend is and how we should think about that going forward in the domestic direct segment?
Jeff Sloan: So, we are very pleased with the growth in North America revenue. Let me just step back for a second. The way we generally think about our business and what our targets are is we start with GDP; we generally chase GDP growth plus a couple 100 basis points to represent a conversion to paper to electronic. And then of course we also look at the network statics on a transaction level in the markets that were in as really bogeys for growth. The thing what I mean in the United States in particular Steven and to get into your question is showing mid single digits as a bogey for keeping pace with the market. But we just posted our third consecutive quarter of low to mid now, 12% to 15% double digit organic growth in the U.S market. Whilst its hard to say in the future that well continued to double and triple the rate of growth organically the U.S market, I certainly would expect and believe that sustainably we should operate well in excess of the rate of market growth? So thats hardly in the future remains 5%; we should be operating at multiples of that rate. Now is that going to be two and half to three times? Thats hard to say in perpetuity. But certainly sitting here today Steven, I would say, we certainly will expect to be gaining share and growing substantially in excess of the rate of market growth which weve been doing whole year in our business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Darrin Peller of Barclays. You may begin.
Darrin Peller: Just a quick one as a follow-up on Canada; typically when there is price change come; I think the code of conduct requires an advanced notification. It looked like the 4% growth I think it was about 4% constant currency closer to transaction growth rates now. Its narrow -- the spreads are narrowing back and sort of the transaction goes low which is kind what youd expect. I think people are hoping for at least starting in April with the interchange cuts coming as you alluded to earlier there to be an opportunity there. So just timing wise, I mean are we going to be able to see some sort of a benefit off that pretty quickly just given that there is usually a time sort of advanced notification? Can you just give us a sense of what we can expect?
David Mangum: I would not expect to see anything visible in Q4. The interchange reductions are coming effective May 1st in Canada. I would point out, theyre not incredibly enormous interchange reductions; its just a mathematical matter. And as I understand the way the market is going to work going forward, you will find that being largely if not exclusively pass-through entirely. Now that doesnt mean we and others wont be running our businesses at the same time but thats a good benefit coming to merchants. And whenever the cost of acceptance goes down, thats a good thing for Global Payments; obviously for the rest of the acquirers as well. But given the size of whats happening, I wouldnt expect too much of a change in Canada trends in Q4, certainly as we come around to report them in again here in July. But I would say is that positions us well to have a nice stable Canada going into 16 which is probably the most important part of the facts that we just had another stable quarter and another manageable and predictable quarter. We expect another one in Q4 and that will be a nice platform from which to enter 2016 from a merchant relationship perspective.
Jeff Sloan: I would just add to that Darrin and to build on to what David said, in addition to what he mentioned, if you think about what weve been doing in Canada and one of the other analysts asked this question as well, our ability now to supplement what weve been describing with our integrated business and bringing back into Canada with regard obviously weve already done and David described before the sales and marketing changes around that to drive additional growth, our ability to bring other products and services like OptBlue and other things into Canada as we head into fiscal 16, I think gives us a lot of confidence around the stability of that business. So, I dont want to be locked in that conversation about just rate changes and the global macroeconomic environment. I think as we are in the rest of the North American business, I think were executing very well in Canada. And I think as we head into fiscal 16, we are going to leverage our infrastructure and bring those products and services into Canada. This is our confidence as we look at that business in the coming months.
Darrin Peller: Just one follow-up; I mean you mentioned before, I think you came up around financial JV opportunities, obviously the strengthening of the dollar helps in Europe. What kind of interest are you seeing from banks there? And obviously theyre probably worried about interchange cuts coming and loss revenue streams. I mean trying to find other sources of really good business generation maybe JVs maybe a good way to do so.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, I think youre exactly right, Darrin, in what we said. I would say that as it became clear in the last year or so that SEPA was effectively upon us culminating in the early March EU adoption of those rules; were seeing a fair amount of interest among banks and Continental Europe who generally combine issuing and acquiring. So, as they see issuing get reduced because interchanges coming down, they are still looking at partnerships on the acquiring side to say help me grow more quickly than I otherwise could because I know there is lot of fee income coming out of the issuing side of the business. So, we see no shortage of opportunities in Continental Europe, there are hurdles that I described before. But were very well engaged down in those conversations currently.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our last question from Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies. You may begin.
Jason Kupferberg: Just a follow-up question on margins; I think Ive heard you guys say from time-to-time that over the long-term there is the potential for this business on a consolidated basis to get the cash operating margins maybe in the low to mid 20s range and obviously were moving in the right direction right now. Is that still an aspirational target over the long-term thats realistic?
Cameron Bready: Jason, its Cameron. I think it very much is and I think youve seen the performance over the course of this year demonstrate that were clearly moving in the right direction as you correctly highlighted. Obviously this year, we have seen I think very good margin growth and currently are anticipating as I mentioned in my prepared comments, roughly 60 basis points of margin expansion over FY14. What weve traditionally said is something in the 30 basis points to 50 basis points annually is a reasonable expectation for margin expansion driving towards thats overall target that we have f something in the mid 20% range which will be augmented by transactions that we do over the course of time that are going to be hopefully additive and do that overall 30 basis points to 50 basis points target that we have. So as we did here today, were looking at a total company margin expansion for the quarter that was 140 basis points on a constant currency basis thats fairly impressive and certainly above our expectation of what we think we can do out on a run rate basis but as youve correctly highlighted, clearly moving us in the right direction for the overall target.
Jason Kupferberg: And just last follow-up, so with the addition of Realex now and their payment volume, if we now think about your total about your total ecommerce business as a percent of overall volume, where does that fit now and are there any longer term targets we could think about that you would be aspiring to receive there?
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Jason its Jeff, we could break it out that way because increasingly and this is part of a thesis about Realex, increasingly its really omni-channel environment. Customers arent particularly desirous of just talking on one basis or the other. They want us to solve all their acceptance fees, its not just through their website and work online, this provides every type of acceptance whether its mobile, whether its online, whether its in the physical store environment. And as you think about part of rationale for Realex which is to expand at the omni-channel, further into the omni-channel business that really does merge the card not present with the card present world and leverages our footprint, not just in Europe but globally. So, we dont really think about it as what share of the market do we have other than to say that we want more of it and capture more share is a key strategy of ours.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, understood. Thanks guys.
Jeff Sloan: Thank you. Well, thank you very much for joining us this morning on Global Payments third quarter FY 2015 call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-01-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Marie Elliott - EVP and Chief of Staff Jeffrey S. Sloan - Chief Executive Officer David E. Mangum - President and Chief Operating Officer Cameron M. Bready - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird and Company Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citibank Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Darrin Peller - Barclays Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc Tim Willi - Wells Fargo Thomas McCrohan - Sterne Agee
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Global Payments' Fiscal 2015 Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, the Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Marie Elliott: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2015 second quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. And joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and Form 10-Q. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures, such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these measures more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings and other non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed this morning, and our trended financial highlights, both of which are available in the Investor Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are delighted to deliver another quarter of strong performance and to again raise our fiscal 2015 revenue, margin, and cash earnings per share guidance. By remaining intensely focused on execution, we achieved revenue growth for our fiscal second quarter of 10%, cash earnings per share growth of 19%, and operating margin expansion of 100 basis points. Our performance for this quarter resulted in the largest core operating margin expansion of any quarter over the past several years. Additionally, this is the first time in our history that we have achieved an annual free cash flow run rate of over $400 million. These milestones are driven by the strong momentum we have achieved worldwide across our direct distribution businesses, and are particular noteworthy given significant foreign currency headwinds. Consistent with recent trends, our US business delivered impressive results led by our direct channels, which generated double-digit organic revenue growth for the second consecutive quarter. Canada also maintained stable performance in local currency with consistent business fundamentals. Our international results reflect solid business performance across most of our markets, with particularly strong revenue growth in Asia, Spain, and our eCommerce channel. Additionally, we experienced markedly better than expected margins in our international business, largely from outstanding execution, augmented by market based pricing changes in Spain. We also continued to make progress on our strategic goal to expand our worldwide footprint. During our fiscal second quarter, we completed the acquisition of Ezidebit, which provides us with distinctive distribution in Australia and New Zealand, new direct markets for Global Payments. We also recently announced an agreement to establish a merchant acquiring joint venture with Bank of the Philippine Islands, one of the country's largest banks. With this new partnership we will increase our existing distribution in the highly attractive Philippines market, and bring our innovative products and services to a significant additional merchant base. These transactions will enhance our position in some of the fastest growing payment's markets in Asia Pacific and demonstrate that we are making significant progress on our strategy in that region, executing on our vision that we set forth in 2012 with the purchase of HSBC's remaining interest in our then Asia Pacific joint venture. Our performance in the first half of fiscal 2015 reflects the consistent and sound execution of our strategy to expand technology enabled direct distribution in our markets, augmented with disciplined capital deployment. We continue to reinvest in our businesses, pursue our global corporate development roadmap, and efficiently return capital to shareholders. Now I will turn the call over to Cameron.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks, Jeff and good morning everyone. Before reviewing segment results for the quarter, I would like to first provide an overview of the key drivers of our performance for the second quarter relative to our expectations. In the United States, all of our direct businesses continue to perform quite well, generating year-over-year organic growth rates that have trended above our expectations. Our business in Canada remains stable, although our local currency performance was more than offset by FX for the quarter. In Europe, Spain performed exceptionally well, driven by double-digit transaction and volume growth, as well as market based pricing impacts. Our eCommerce channel also continues to perform better than we expected, which has contributed to our European top line growth. Similar to Q1, this strong European performance was partially offset by our Russian business which continues to be impacted by the overall economic environment and the effect of FX which were an even greater headwind than we anticipated. Our Asia-Pacific business generated organic revenue growth in the high single digits, accelerating from previous quarters and outperforming our expectations. Of course, reported Asia results were further bolstered by the addition of Ezidebit, which performed in line with expectations. Now for the quarterly segment details. Total company revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2015 grew to $697 million, reflecting 10% growth over fiscal 2014, and cash operating margins expanded 100 basis points to 20.4%. Diluted cash earnings per share increased 19% over the prior year's quarter to $1.27. Our underlying business demonstrated strength during the quarter, even after normalizing our revenue growth for the addition of PayPros and Ezidebit. Assuming we own the PayPros and Ezidebit businesses in our current and prior year second quarters, or normalizing for their effect, total company revenue growth would have been 5% in line with our long-term core organic growth expectations, despite the impact of significant FX headwinds. On a constant currency basis, total company revenue growth was approximately 8% for the quarter. North America's segment revenue grew 9% for the second quarter, with US growth of 12% over the prior year. On a normalized basis, organic US revenue growth was 5%, which was comprised of growth in our direct channels of 12% and growth in our ISO channel of less than 1% during the quarter. As anticipated, growth in our ISO business continues to decelerate and this channel is becoming an increasingly smaller portion of our business. Our ISOs now contribute approximately 15% of our North America operating income, and approximately 8% of total company operating income, which compares to approximately 20% and low double digits respectively as of Q3 of fiscal 2014. Despite local currency performance of 6% revenue growth, Canada revenue growth in US dollars declined 2%, resulting from an unfavorable exchange rate. North America cash operating income grew 10% to $85.4 million, and cash operating margins were 17.5%, up from last year, driven by growth in our direct channel, partially offset by unfavorable Canadian FX trend on a year-over-year basis. International revenue grew 11% for the quarter in US dollars. Europe delivered strong revenue growth of 9%, fueled by performance in Spain and eCommerce channel, offset by continued under performance in our Russia business in light of the general economic environment and ruble devaluation. As a result of strength in the rest of our business, Russia now represents approximately 2% of total company revenues, down from approximately 3% last quarter. Asia-Pacific revenue grew 21%, driven by strong organic revenue growth and the Ezidebit acquisition, which contributed approximately 12 percentage points to the growth rate. Our organic growth in the region was primarily a result of a combination of increased volumes, growth in dynamic currency conversion, and selective pricing initiatives. International cash operating income grew 20% to $83.5 million, and cash operating margins increased to 40.1%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter on a cash basis was 26.7%. We generated approximately $105 million of free cash flow this quarter, which we define as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to non controlling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $15 million for the quarter and our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the quarter was approximately $225 million. Lastly, we repurchased a total of approximately 700,000 shares during the quarter for approximately $47 million. Now I'd like to turn to our expectations for fiscal 2015. Based on our results for the first half of fiscal 2015, we are increasing our outlook for the full fiscal year. We now expect reported revenue to grow 8% to 10%, and range from $2.75 billion to $2.8 billion. Similarly, we are raising our cash earnings per share expectations to a range of $4.75 to $4.83, reflecting growth of 15% to 17%. We also now expect core cash operating margins to expand by as much as 50 basis points in fiscal 2015, with margin expansion in both our North America and international segments. It is important to note that these expectations also reflect further strengthening of the US dollar against most of the foreign currencies to which we have exposure, which represents a more meaningful headwind to our financial results for the remainder of the year. Additionally, our expectation for our Russia business is further tempered from our last quarterly update as a result of the challenging economic environment there. As usual, these cash earnings per share expectations only reflect share repurchases that we have completed prior to this call. By way of update, during our Q4 fiscal 2014 earnings call, we made reference to the June 2014 acquisition of one of our largest US sales partners. At that time, we noted that our fiscal 2015 expectations assumed no change in the nature of our relationship with this customer resulting from the transaction. We have recently amended our agreements with this partner, and can confirm that this transaction will not have any impact on our fiscal 2015 expectations for GAAP revenue, operating income or total company cash earnings per share. In addition, we do not expect any meaningful migration associated with this partner during calendar 2015. We currently have approximately $875 million of capacity to fund future initiatives, including approximately $650 million of availability on our corporate credit facility. As a reminder, we expect the FIS transaction to close toward the end of our fiscal 2015, and we intend to fund this acquisition from operating cash flows and do not expect it to have an impact on our near term capital allocation plans or facility availability. Lastly, our Board has approved an increase in our share repurchase authorization to $300 million in the aggregate, further demonstrating our ongoing commitment to prudent capital management on behalf of our shareholders. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you, Cameron. This is yet another quarter of transparent, consistent execution of our strategy to grow and control direct distribution, deliver innovative products and services, and leverage our worldwide technological and operational advantages. We are delighted to again raise guidance. Finally, we remain committed to driving sustainable growth in our markets and are dedicated to creating value for our shareholders, partners, customers and employees. Now I'll turn the call over to Jane.
Jane Marie Elliott: Thanks. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, Id like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow up, in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thanks you. And operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Dave Koning of Robert W. Baird and Company. You may begin.
David J. Koning: Can you hear me?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Dave, we can.
David J. Koning: All right. Great. Okay. So I guess first question, just on Spain, is there any way to isolate either the revenue or EBIT impact or in rough terms, because international was so strong. And just wondering how much of that beat really was isolated to the Spain pricing movement?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Hey, Dave, it's Jeff. I'll start and Cameron will add to this. I would say, and we try to say in our prepared remarks is, while we're not going to break out the changes from growth in the core business versus interchange. We did say in our prepared remarks that we had 13% transactional growth in Spain in the quarter. So I think it's fair to assume at a minimum that we would have had double-digit local currency growth in Spain, notwithstanding any changes to interchange. I think that's how we think about it, Dave.
David J. Koning: Okay. That's great. And then I guess just the follow up then. International EBIT, $83 million to $84 million this quarter, is that generally sustainable? Or  I know there's a little bit of seasonality to that that comes down off in the back half, but is that largely sustainable, given all the things that are going on?
Cameron M. Bready: Well, I - you're right, Dave, its Cameron, in that Ezidebit is included in there, but only for a partial quarter. So I would caution you to bear that in mind as you think about the going run rate. The only other thing I would comment on is FX. Obviously, the performance in the quarter was good despite the FX headwinds, but we are forecasting incremental headwinds for the balance of the year as well. So I think by and large, it's generally going to be a good number going forward after you normalize for a full quarter of Ezidebit. But you'll have to take into consideration FX as well.
David J. Koning: Got you. Great. Thanks. Great job.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, Dave.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citibank. You may begin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Morning, Jeff. Morning, Cameron.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Good morning.
Cameron M. Bready: Good morning.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Congratulations on the quarter. Happy New Year. I guess a couple of questions. One is, I wanted to  I may have missed this with regards to the full impact of the FX headwind, what are you overcoming in dollar terms for the year?
Cameron M. Bready: For the year, Ashwin, we have not provided a specific estimate as to how much of the FX headwind is impacting our numbers. What we can tell you is, obviously when we provided our guidance back in October, we thought that FX was going to be a more meaningful headwind than we did at the beginning of the year. As we sit here today, we expect it to be an even  an increased headwind relative to where we were three months ago with the expectations for the full year as well. So I can tell you, sitting here today, we've been able to overcome a fairly meaningful amount of FX headwind on a both revenue, operating income and cash earnings per share basis, but haven't given a specific estimate as just how much is embedded in the numbers.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. And Ezidebit seems to be tracking to the $25 million full year revenue impact that you had guided to earlier. I want to ask also about the Philippines impact with regards to full year, how much is that going to be? And then if I could sneak in an extra question. Oil prices going down, are you actually seeing consumer spending rising on the back of that, consumer transactions?
Cameron M. Bready: I'll start with the first two, Ashwin, and I'll maybe ask Jeff to chime in on the third. Certainly on Ezi, that remains our expectation for the full year. As we noted in our prepared remarks, the company is performing in line with our expectations thus far. And the outlook would suggest that they're going to be on target for the full year expectations as well. I will note, the Australian dollar is a little weaker, but again, we still feel the business is going to perform in line with our expectations for the year. On the Philippines, there is nothing in our guidance currently reflected for the Philippines joint venture that we recently announced. Although, I would note at the time that we made that announcement we did indicate whatever impact there will be in FY 2015 will be relatively immaterial. And then lastly, I'll ask Jeff to jump in on your question regarding consumer spending.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, I think you're right in what you said, Ashwin, on consumer spending. We  as you heard from us before, we generally view our business as a GDP plus growth type of business. A lot of that depends of course on consumer spending. To the extent that oil prices either stay where they are or come down further, we view that as a positive to our business. Because it has the effect of a tax cut effectively for consumers. So we view that in general as really nothing but  nothing but upside for the health of the consumers on whose businesses we depend for our financials.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Okay. Thanks. Congratulations. Keep up the good work. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Can you hear me all right?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes.
Cameron M. Bready: Yes.
Bryan Keane: Just wanted to follow up on that international margin growth, because that was the real surprise in the quarter. I'm just trying to figure out was that all mostly due to Spain? And then when you get pricing like that, like you're getting in Spain, how sustainable is that when we look into next year or does that get competed away?
Cameron M. Bready: Bryan, it's Cameron, I'll jump in and I'll ask Jeff to add any additional color. Let me just step back for a second and note some of the drivers for the international performance that we touched on in our prepared remarks. First of all, Spain obviously is an important driver, but again recognize a good portion of that is execution, as Jeff mentioned, with double-digit transaction and volume growth. Notwithstanding the nice tailwind we're seeing from the lower interchange, we're clearly pleased with the execution in the Spanish market. The rest of the international businesses in Europe continue to perform well also, but for Russia, which we talked about, which continues to be a bit of a headwind for that business. In Asia, you had organic revenue growth of 9%, which accelerated quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year, which is obviously contributing to the margin performance for the international segment as well. You couple that with the addition of Ezidebit, which contributed 12 percentage growth  points to growth on a revenue basis, you're obviously driving operating income and margin expansion as well, given that Ezidebit's coming in at a higher margin than our average. So when you roll all those pieces together, I would say a lot of it is execution and performance, the addition of Ezidebit and naturally the regulatory changes in Spain are helpful, but I think a lot more about it is the execution we're seeing in the business.
David E. Mangum: And Bryan, this is David. In terms of the tail on something like the interchange reductions, what we typically see and what we assume certainly now in the case of Spain is that will dissipate over time. If you think back to the Durbin days here in the United States, which is just going back a couple years ago, you had a year maybe a little less than a year of benefit from changes in the regs as well as the interchange. Remember though, that was a steadily decreasing benefit as time went on. So it's a really nice benefit right now. It will decrease over time. I would say this, though. I think what's really tell tale about Spain, setting aside interchange for a moment, is the volume growth and the transaction growth that Jeff mentioned a little while ago. 13% transaction growth this quarter, double-digit volume growth implied or implicit in that double-digit revenue growth as well, similar metrics in Q1, similar metrics we expect for the rest of the year. Its when you combine that with this interchange benefit that you really get the outstanding performance and see it, the list of items that Cameron just went through in terms of overall international margins.
Bryan Keane: Okay. And I assume you're taking share in Spain to get those kind of transaction growth rates. And then finally just Cameron on operating margins international, what does the back half guidance then imply for that, what should we put in our models or expect?
Cameron M. Bready: Bryan, we absolutely are taking share in Spain. We are  remember this, that what's really interesting about that we are the largest provider in Spain, we have the largest market share, 25%, 28% depending this time. But certainly with growth rates like that we are absolutely taking share and we're very happy with performance in Spain.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, and Bryan on your last question, I think we would expect a little bit of margin degradation relative to what we saw in Q2 for the international business in the back half of the year, as David highlighted with some of the benefit from the interchange reduction in Spain beginning to dissipate, you'll see a little pressure on that relative to what we just reported. But obviously we're still for the full year guiding toward margin expansion for the international segments, as well as the North American segment and the total company in total totality.
Bryan Keane: Okay. Congrats on the results.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks, Bryan.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan. You may begin.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great. Thanks. Good results here. I just wanted to get some clarity on what's driving the guidance raise. I caught the JV, the Comerica push out and migration. Obviously had some upside here, but can you be more specific?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Sure, I'll just add something Tien-tsin and Cameron can comment on the financial modeling around the guidance. There's no impact in the guidance as we said back in July as it relates to Comerica which is material
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I think you might be asking about Comercia which is the Spanish joint venture, the name of our Spanish joint venture that David and Cameron just described in terms of its performance. So obviously double-digit organic transaction and volume growth is going to substantially enhance the revenue, but also increase the minority interest line because that's the primary source of our minority interest, the 49% share that CaixaBank has in that joint venture. Cameron, you want to go through the  any more specifics on the modeling?
Cameron M. Bready: Yes, I'll be happy to. Just a few comments, we're obviously reflecting in our guidance the performance we've seen for the year-to-date period coupled with our changed expectation for the balance of the year. I mean, we're continuing to expect trends in the US direct business to be strong as they have been in the front half of the year. We had US direct growth of 12% in the second quarter which we expect that to continue to be strong in the balance of the year. We remain bullish on the prospects for Spain for all the reasons that David highlighted a moment ago. That's somewhat offset by again tempered expectations for our Russian business, as well as increased headwind associated with FX for most of the major currencies to which we have exposure. When you roll all that together, again, we're upping our revenue op margin and cash EPS guidance for the full year.
Tien-tsin Huang: All right. That's good. So just as my follow-up, just on Canada with the interchange there coming down. I know there's been some debate on the MDRs and how that might get reflected. Any thoughts on that as an opportunity and your ability to reprice in Canada? Thanks. That's all I had.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Tien-tsin, its Jeff. What I would say is that's expected to occur in the spring in April of 2015. Our assumption is that all of that is going to be passed through based on our current understanding of the regulations related to the changed reduction in Canada. But as we've said before to you over time that at the end of the day any reduction in the cost to our merchants of acceptance is good news for our business. And the reason it's good news for our business is it should increase the number of merchants who want to take cards because it lowers the cost. That should help. In addition, to the extent we take any other pricing actions over time not related to the interchange reduction, that takes Tien-tsin some of the pressure off from other actions that we may take. So even in environments where everything is passed through, we've seen good growth implications to our business as a tell tale sign of those changes. So really at the end of the day it's nothing but good news for our merchants and we think the same for us. I want to add even though it's not in Canada, that there have been changes to the EU legislation since we last talked on our last call and it does look like the EU this month is going to be proving, Tien-tsin, changes to affect what we used to know as SEPA by way of interchange, both cross-border as well as domestic. And as those rates come down in EU, we do expect to see benefits from that which we expect to start really in the summer. So really start early in our fiscal 2016. I think in addition to the Canadian changes that you just asked about, I would say that we would anticipate positive effects from the EU changes starting this summer.
Tien-tsin Huang: Yes. Thanks for that, Jeff. Lot of positives there. Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. I want to just go back to I guess Europe broadly for a moment, if I could. So I don't know, I think this was the first time that you gave the Spain actual transactions. I know in the past you talked about double-digits. So I don't know if that's actually an acceleration materially or if it's just continued good execution there. But when I think about the margin argument and I hate to kind of harp on it, but if Spain's kind of been doing double-digits and eCommerce has been strong which is typically pretty much lower margins let's just say. Is the combination of Ezidebit coming on and then pricing, because Ezidebit I thought had lower margins than what you actually produced this quarter even in international?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Dan, its Jeff. So what I would say is when we announced the acquisition and then closing of Ezidebit what we had said at the time is it's above our international margins Dan before we even brought it into Global Payments.
Dan Perlin: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: So Ezidebit really from the initial acquisition is accretive to our international margins. So as Cameron referenced it's obviously helpful to the economic model number one. Number two, I would say that our objective as a company as you know is to grow overall margins. So we run a portfolio of diverse businesses, but we don't see as changes come down the pike in Spain or elsewhere, we don't see a reason why we wouldn't be continuing to grow in the totality of our international margins over time. So I wouldn't view it as a temporal move in margins. I would view it as this is a plan that we're executing against.
Dan Perlin: Yes. And then my follow up is really in relation to kind of the OpenEdge kind of go-to-market strategy and re-branding. I'm wondering is there any updates you can kind of give us in terms of cross-selling new products, what kind of uptake you're seeing. And then to what extent have you made that push geographically, kind of north of the border? Thanks.
David E. Mangum: Yes. Dan, its David. Thanks for asking that question. OpenEdge first off is hitting its numbers. It's growing just as we expected. The initial cross sales are moving well. Remember, what we started with was integrating the entire sales force and then affecting the re-branding, where we really expect to begin seeing momentum as you recall from a quarter ago, maybe two quarters ago, as we get into the second half of this year and then early 2016. We'll see that momentum on two sides. One is the actual expense benefits from platform integration, some of the usual integration that we see, but the other is the cross-selling. So early days, the early signs are good. What you'll see from that business particularly is the consolidated roll out of the security that includes EMV tokenization, as well as point-to-point encryption into one bundled security solution, which really is the way to think about security particularly as you're dealing with small to medium size merchants around the country. And yes, we're focused very discreetly on taking that business into Canada. We already have a small Canadian presence there. We have a dedicated sales staff which is one of the counter synergies, the negative synergies we're affording this year on a way to hopefully improve performance in 2016 and growth in 2016. But everything at OpenEdge is right on track. We're also executing the technology and platform integration plans as well. We're boarding new customers to Global Payments platforms as we speak. So everything going very well and OpenEdge is delivering its income numbers just as we expected.
Dan Perlin: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, Dan.
David E. Mangum: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Georgios Mihalos of Crdit Suisse. Your may begin.
Georgios Mihalos: Great. Thanks, guys. And congrats on the quarter. Wanted to start off on the US side, it looks like you mentioned the 12% growth in your direct business, ISO slowing a little bit. It sounds almost like OpenEdge is sort of continuing to grow in sort of the high teens as opposed to the mid-teens that I think you had originally sort of baked into the model, can you confirm that? And then related to that, as we go through 2015 and the EMV migration really starts to accelerate. Do you think you would be able to maintain this current rate of growth in the high teens?
Cameron M. Bready: Hey, George, it's Cameron. I'll jump in on that and I may ask David to comment on the EMV rollout specifically. As it relates to the growth expectations for the OpenEdge platform, I think you're correct in that we have been seeing obviously growth trends that are higher or slightly higher than I think our expectations were for the business. As David noted, it continues to perform very much in line with our expectations from both revenue and operating income perspective. But on a top line basis, I think the growth has been strong and it certainly contributing to the 12% growth that we've seen in our direct business for the quarter which is a fairly consistent trend from the first quarter of fiscal 2015 as well. As far as momentum, certainly I think we see opportunities to continue to expand and grow the business in the back half of the year and as we look to FY 2016 as well, I'll let David maybe jump in on some of the specifics that you referenced around EMV and whatnot.
David E. Mangum: Yes. I think George, we expect to be selling an integrated security solution with a very easy path to get live for our partners. We expect to deliver American Express through open areas which is really in the early stages there of delivering that. There is series of verticals or there isn't necessarily a lot of American Express penetration to date. So we are teeing up that combined with a question Dan asked a moment ago which is cross selling the products like Decline Minimizer into the APT base, the legacy APT base. We think we set ourselves up for another strong growth year in 2016 and more to come as we talk going forward.
Georgios Mihalos: Okay. Great. And just final question from me. Just want to ask are there any additional pricing initiatives assumed in your guidance for 2015, anything new? And it sort of sounds here from your comments that you expect any significant upside or any real upside coming from additional pricing to hit the P&L more in 2016 than 2015. I just want to make sure I'm thinking about that correctly?
Cameron M. Bready: Yes, George, I would say that we continually look at pricing. We're in very competitive markets all over the world. I was really referring to was the April change in the interchange in Canada that's been announced. I was also referring to the EU changes which we expect to be adopted this week by the EU Parliament b y this month, but to be implemented over the summer. I would say in general most of the industry, including Global Payments looks at pricing twice a year as a systemic matter George and thats tied to or generally is around the MasterCard and Visa announced changes which are typically done in October and April. It so happens that the Canadian change is around the same time, in April. But in general, most of the industry looks at that because those are clear notice periods where we have to go back to merchants anyway. So what I would say, George is those are regulatory changes that don't happen all the time which is why we call them out. But we continually look at pricing in all of our markets to make sure that we're striking the appropriate balance.
Georgios Mihalos: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies. You may begin.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. Just wanted to pick up on one of the comments that David made a little while ago around the platform consolidation in the US and the OpenEdge business. So with PayPros and APT coming together, can you just give us a little more detail on the timing of when you think that platform consolidation will be done and will that be a noticeable margin tailwind as we get into fiscal 2016?
Cameron M. Bready: I think to take your question reverse, Jason, I don't think it will be noticeable in the face of the income statement because the sheer size of Global Payments much less our North America business as well. Instead what you have is one of the tactics that will help us continue to deliver operating income growth and margin expansion over time in the United States, North America and then by expansion globally. The way we're thinking about migration now is the first, and maybe the most important step is we're boarding new customers to Global Payments. Probably the best thing I can tell you right now is we have a good long-term frosting [ph] relationship with a third party provides processing now. We're happy with the pace of integration, more to come and we'll feed in those integration benefits over time over the next year or year two. So we can keep chatting about it. But we like the idea of having that as another tactic to help us with 2016 and beyond from a margin expansion perspective.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. So just kind of more incremental it sounds like?
Cameron M. Bready: Yes.
Jason Kupferberg: And then just as a follow-up on the Philippines joint venture, can you give us a little bit more detail on the size and growth of that market, maybe competitive landscape and just kind of how many merchants did Global Payments as well as Bank of Philippines have prior to the JV, just to help us with some sizing?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Jason, its Jeff. So we're very pleased with the partnership with Bank of the Philippines. It's one of the largest banks as I said in our prepared remarks around the country. We're already in the Philippines market in two significant ways. One, we have a direct acquiring business in the Philippines market already. And number two, we have our service and our global service center in the Philippines with about 600 employees. So, we think we're very well positioned alone and even better positioned in combination with our partners at Bank of the Philippines. We're adding 34,000 additional merchants, Jason, through the joint venture. I think as we said publicly, Bank of the Philippines has 800 branches. So we're picking up an additional 800 branches in market. And in terms of the growth rate, while we don't break out the financial separately for our submarkets of our 13 markets in Asia, what I would say is if you go back to one of the earlier questions about, from Ashwin, is to what drives our business, we're generally GDP plus derivative type of company. And if you look at GDP Jason in the Philippines it's growing really in the high single digits. It has in the last number of years, and expecting to do that today. So I would say high single digits plus on an organic basis in that business is a good estimate, Jason. And then when you combine the two, I think each one of us is probably in the top handful of folks as a share point in the Philippines already. So I think on a combined basis we would expect to be the second largest player in the Philippines.
Jason Kupferberg: Very helpful. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Glenn Greene: Thank you. Good morning. A couple questions. Just wanted to go back to the US growth, the 12%. I know it's early, but you've sort of embarked on participating in the OptBlue program. I wonder if you could quantify how meaningful a benefit that might have been to the US growth and maybe talk about strategically how important that is to you?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Glenn, its Jeff. I'll start and Cameron can add some additional color. I think as a tactical matter it's very important to us. As I said before, we believe that we are the first large transaction processor in the United States to enter the market with OptBlue. We started the market in May of 2014. You saw this of course really fully in our first quarter. If you go back to the first quarter prepared remarks, I think where in Cameron's section what you would have seen for the first time for a number of reasons, but OptBlue being a primary reason, is a substantially higher revenue growth rate relative to transaction growth rate. And at least some of that is attributable to the fact that we're getting better traction, capturing share at better marginal economics on OptBlue versus our traditional, some of our traditional programs. I think that's probably one of the ways to think about what the benefit is to Global Payments is a better yield per transaction. As we move away from just a pure switch fee which is what we used to get through American Express or programs like it into more of a traditional acquiring mode where we get basis points on volume. And I think that's probably as much as we can say about the economics to us from American Express.
Glenn Greene: Okay. Understood. On Canada, I think what you said it was 6% constant currency growth and I think last quarter you did have some pricing benefits. And I'm not talking about international change related. How much of the 6% constant currency growth this quarter was transaction based versus pricing?
Cameron M. Bready: Last quarter you'll note we did make reference to some pricing initiatives that we did have in Canada and that was a contributor to the growth that we were seeing on a local currency basis. Obviously that continues to be a component of it. But I'd say more importantly what we're seeing in Canada is stable business fundamentals. When you look at transaction growth and spread, we're seeing a relatively stable fundamental basis for the Canadian business which is really contributing to the local currency performance we're seeing. Naturally we saw 7% roughly decline in the Canadian dollar and that's why you're seeing the US dollar results that we're seeing.
Glenn Greene: And if I could slip in one more. The 50 basis points of margin expansion for the year, could you just delineate North America versus international expectations?
Cameron M. Bready: We haven't provided specific guidance for either of the two segments in terms of what we expect, other than to say we expect margin expansion for both of those segments which is going to contribute to the overall roughly 50 basis point expansion we're anticipating for the total company.
Glenn Greene: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, Glenn.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Darrin Peller of Barclays. You may begin.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Nice job on the quarter. Just want to start off on capital structure, if you can give us a quick update on your strategy. You've obviously been much more [indiscernible] buybacks. But, I know Jeff you mentioned looking for more deal opportunities internationally especially. So where do we stand now on that?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, I'll start Darrin, with the strategy question and I think Cameron will put in a lot of the financial details. So we announced three transactions in the last four months really. Two of the three of which were outside of North America, those being Ezidebit and the JV with Bank of the Philippine Islands. So I would say Darrin as it relates to corporate development and pipeline, we're now in the mode having just announced three deals in the last number of months of really rebuilding the pipeline. In terms of location of the pipeline, we're opportunistic. So as we've said before, we've got to find something that's for sale with a good partner with attractive returns to our shareholders and we do measure that relative to repurchase. So we're very focused on the IRR, as well as the cash earnings accretion from the repurchases, relative to the acquisitions to the extent that we can risk weight them. And that's how we think about the balance between the two. Cameron, you want to comment on the capacity and repurchase.
Cameron M. Bready: Sure. I'll be happy to. As you'll know and I'll just remind you of the comments I made in my prepared remarks, which is we did increase our share repurchase authorization to $300 million. We did execute some repurchases in Q2, although relatively minimal compared to things we've done historically. As you look at our capacity today we have roughly $875 million of available capacity to pursue strategic initiatives. That's a combination of roughly $250 million of cash on hand and the balance being capacity under our existing revolving credit facility. So as we sit here today we have roughly gross debt of $1.6 billion, net debt of something south of 1.4. We're sort of 2.5 times levered right in the sweet spot as we see it for continuing to move forward and execute on the capital allocation plan that we've been discussing now for several quarters, ample capacity to pursue both strategic acquisitions that meet our criteria, as well as continuing to be a relatively consistent buyer of our stock in the market.
Darrin Peller: All right. That's very helpful. Just one quick follow up. One thing I didn't hear mentioned much on the call around pricing potential is the Visa and MasterCard place changes going to effect in the US market, the increases in their assessment fees, although mild. I know there's been some opportunity for you guys in the past, not just to pass it through. So, is that also something that might perhaps go into effect in January, April, and give you guys a little bit of a lift in the US market going forward?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Its David. The answer is yes, although I would point you back to Jeff's comments earlier. Those are the kinds of compliance releases that happen a couple of times a year. They're almost always baked into how we think about the business as the year starts. But you're absolutely right, that's a little bit of help or little bit of air cover as we think about any operational things we might want to do in the second half of the year.
Darrin Peller: Got it. All right, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Jeffrey of SunTrust. You may begin.
Andrew W. Jeffrey: Good morning. Happy New Year, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Cameron M. Bready: Sure.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Good morning.
Andrew W. Jeffrey: Could you generally discuss sort of the couple I guess competitive questions, one, in terms of the North American OpenEdge competitive environment, US, any changes that are notable in terms of competition within the channel or from other providers? And then as a follow-up, eCommerce, we're hearing about a lot of companies being funded in the eCommerce space, especially in Europe. Any sort of competitive thoughts on that front?
Cameron M. Bready: Yes. Andrew, I'll start with the US, North America view around OpenEdge and integrated. I think there are a couple ways to think about competition. First off, it's not notably different from maybe six months ago if we had the same conversation. There are more folks using the words integrated payments as they describe their offerings. Often those are ISOs without fully integrated payment solutions that really do embed themselves into the software that runs small businesses around the country. So, when you get down to brass tacks from a solution perspective, there really is no change. But you see a little more marketing, a little bit more noise. Obviously, given the success, and the fairly public success of integrated solutions, particularly the solutions that we've been selling for the last year and a half when we finished off the APT transaction. But again, if you reset yourself and say: Okay, is the list of competitors different from what it was six or nine months ago? No. Is there a noticeable change in the economics of the market from six months ago or nine months ago? The answer is no. And, in fact, hopefully we're driving the opposite, which is rolling out more solutions, making us more and more the partner of choice obviously, but also driving more sustainable competitive advantage for us and our partners. As we work with the merchants themselves, we're doing more and more to solidify those relationships. So, we feel very good about our competitive position in integrated in the United States, and feel very good about the prospects of rolling it out over time internationally, broader than just Ezidebit, with its Australia, New Zealand and Asia presence.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I'd say, Andrew  it's Jeff. On the question about eCommerce, we tend to think about it, especially in Europe, as really an omnichannel offering. So, we tend to think going forward it's going to be less about how the transaction really came into the merchant, and more about our ability to service people on both a card not present environment, as well as a card present environment. That's particularly true, as I mentioned before to Tien-tsin, as we move into a post-SEPA environment. So, as you think about the implications of domestic and cross-border rates being lower across the EU, it really shouldn't matter where a merchant is based and how a transaction comes in. So, we're actively positioning our Business, and repositioning our business in the case of Global Solutions, to really deal with omnichannel customers, to provide better value-added analytics and services in an environment where we think merchants will be more inclined to accept a transaction however it comes in, as rates are reduced. So, I think we think a little bit less along the lines of eCommerce, and more along the lines of can we capture share by offering value-added solutions that are almost channel-agnostic.
Andrew W. Jeffrey: Very helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Jeffrey S. Sloan: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brett Huff of Stephens, Inc. You may begin.
Brett Huff: Can you guys hear me okay?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes.
Cameron M. Bready: Yes, we can hear you, Brett.
Brett Huff: Good morning, and congrats on a nice quarter.
Cameron M. Bready: Thank you.
Brett Huff: I had a quick question  two quick questions. One is, can you give us, apprise for us the pro forma or the cash EBIT dollars, percentage-wise that Canada contributes now? And then, can you talk a little bit about what the DCC offering there might help? That's one question. Then the other is a little bit bigger picture, looking into fiscal 2016. Can you just go over generally what kind of the pros and cons or puts and takes are as we think about more sustainable margin expansion for you all? I know it's going to be about 50 basis points this year, as we think about the interchange changes, SEPA [ph] changes, APT and PayPros integration and things like that. So, those are the two questions? Thanks.
Cameron M. Bready: I'll jump in. And I'll ask either Jeff or David to provide any additional color commentary if they'd like to. First, as it relates to Canada, we're really not going to provide any more disaggregated data relative to its total contribution on a cash EBIT or operating income basis for North America. I would note on the second part of your question around DCC, it's a relatively small opportunity for us. It's obviously something we are prepared to offer to merchants in that marketplace, but we just don't really see that as being a significant driver for the business as we look to either the balance of FY 2015 or the years beyond. As we talk about the second part of your question, as it relates to margins for 2016, let me just start first at a high level. I think what we've traditionally said is we anticipate organic margin expansion in this business of 30 to 50 basis points annually. And that's going to be driven by a variety of factors, and it's going to ebb and flow a little bit depending on the year, and depending on what some of the headwinds and tailwinds may be. We're obviously not in a position to provide 2016 guidance as we sit here today. But we certainly are pretty pleased with the performance we've been able to generate thus far for the year, and we're guiding up 50 basis points for the full FY 2015 fiscal year. As we look forward to 2016, we expect some of the tailwinds that we're seeing in 2015 to continue. And certainly, the pricing initiatives that you referenced, the lower interchange are going to be positives. But we also expect to see continued headwinds for FX. We're going to continue to have to endure those, at least till we get to the middle part of next year, given that a lot of the deterioration we've seen, or strength in the US dollar we've seen, has been in the recent months, not so much in the first half of fiscal 2015. So, I think we do expect certainly the business fundamentals to remain strong as we roll into 2016, which I think will present a nice tailwind for margins. We expect the pricing initiatives to be positive. But I think we also expect FX to be a continued headwind, certainly at least for the first half of the year.
Brett Huff: Okay. Great. That's what I needed. Appreciate your time.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Willi of Wells Fargo. You may begin.
Tim Willi: Thanks, and good morning. I just had one question for Jeff, David. Obviously, you're off to a strong start. You've let some of the upside come to the bottom line in terms of revised guidance? But I'm just curious, Jeff or David, when you think about areas of the business that you would have liked to have had more dollars to spend on, when you originally set out on this year, where are you going to spend extra money or where are you most encouraged about allocating some of this extra earnings power that's emerging? Is it geographic, is it product? Just sort of curious if there's anything that really highlight that's going to get a bit more focus than maybe it otherwise would have?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Tim, it's Jeff. I'll start at answering your question. It's a very good one. What I would say, and I take it more in the corporate development area versus the product area, and David may augment that with his thoughts, too. But on the corporate development side, we always start with, what types of partners are really available, and are they partners that we're comfortable with?  So, one area of the company that I've mentioned before that, if I had all my wishes kind of come true, would be an expanding presence in Latin America. So, as you know, we have our business that we started De Novo about a year and a half ago in July of 2013 in Brazil. We're currently up to 6,500 merchants, and our partners at Caixa [ph] we are pretty pleased with where we are. But I think we've also acknowledged that, in the context of a business of our size, it's not enough to make a meaningful increase in our revenue or our EBITDA or our cash earnings in the immediate term. So, sitting here today, I would love to be in a position, Tim, over the next 6 or 12 months to be able to say that we've significantly increased the size of our business in Latin and South America. Part of that, of course, is Brazil, which we're in already today. But we've talked a lot about other Latin American markets like Mexico, given its size and its prominence, that we're not in directly, that we really wish we could be. So, if I could snap my fingers and find a place to substantially expand the footprint of the business, I would certainly say that additional investments in Latin America, in those markets in particular, would be most welcome. Dave, do you have any comments on the other?
David E. Mangum: Yes. I think, Tim, you asked a great question. And I think - I'm glad you did, because it allows us to say: We are repurposing some of this solid year into other, more tactical things, even beyond what Jeff said at the strategic level in terms of entering new markets. We are putting some of the money actually back into new product, into new solutions. We're accelerating some solutions that were already on the drawing board. We also are taking some things that we've been discussing, at least in this room in which I'm sitting now, as long-term initiatives, bringing them forward a little bit as well. Things like reengineering the way we interact with customers themselves to drive both a better customer experience, as well as drive improved opportunities for compliance, and also improved economies over some period of time. Renewed focus on organic growth to the extent we can with better tooling and better product drive more and more organic growth. These are all sort of examples of investments that we have brought forward or initiated in the last few months that we had on the drawing board for the future that will help us drive long-term growth and help sustain the model development the way Cameron has described it to you this morning.
Tim Willi: Great. Thanks very much for the thoughts, guys.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, Tim.
Cameron M. Bready: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Tom McCrohan of Sterne Agee. You may begin.
Thomas McCrohan: Hi, guys, and an apology if this question was already asked. But could you just give us a feel for the impact this quarter on the lower oil prices, and how we should be thinking about that going forward in certain markets such as Canada? Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Hey, Tom, it's Jeff. So, we answered that a little bit, but not probably as head-on as you just asked it. I would say in all of our markets, we are a GD plus derivative business, meaning we should grow north of GDP. And we look really at the Visa and MasterCard and local statistics on a transactional basis is what the target is for our rate of growth. To the extent that consumers, for example, or businesses, but especially consumers are paying less for some of their costs like oil, that has the effect of a tax cut, and should increase their ability to spend on a volume basis in those markets. So, it's really nothing but good news. I would say, as a corollary, we really don't have, really in any of our markets, a very large fuel presence. So, there really is no offset, because we're not really present at the pump in any substantial way in most of our markets. So, to go back to one of the previous questions, Tom, it's really nothing but good news for our markets as it gets reflected in better organic GDP rates.
Thomas McCrohan: Great. Thanks.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks a lot, Tom. End of Q&A
Jeffrey S. Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning on our second quarter fiscal 2015 earnings call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-10-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Fiscal 2015 First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead. 
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2015 First Quarter Conference Call. 
 Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour, and joining me in the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO. 
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. 
 In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures, such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed earlier this morning. The press release is also available in the Investor Relations area of our new website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. 
 Now I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are delighted with our performance for the first quarter, which represents a terrific start to our 2015 fiscal year and further demonstrates the continued success of our focus on solid business execution and disciplined capital deployment. For the quarter, we delivered strong revenue growth of 12% to $705 million, cash earnings per share growth of 22% to $1.22 and operating margin expansion of 10 basis points. 
 Our North American business contributed better-than-expected results for the quarter, both in the United States and Canada. U.S. results were driven by consistent execution across our direct channels, including the addition of PayPros. Canada also reported strong performance in local currency with 8% revenue growth and stable business fundamentals. 
 Our international business performance reflects solid results across most of our markets, with particularly strong revenue growth in Spain and our e-commerce channel. These results also include favorable currency rate trends in the quarter for the British pound sterling and the euro as anticipated. 
 Importantly, we've also made tremendous progress transforming Global Payments into a unified, worldwide-operating company with an emphasis on direct sales and product innovation, while continuing to enhance our core technology platform. Recognizing that today's merchant is increasingly connected in an omni-channel environment, we are dedicated to providing our merchants an edge in terms of technology and value-added payment solutions. Our efforts to combine APT and PayPros into a single integrated solutions business, which we have rebranded as OpenEdge, are further evidence of this commitment. 
 OpenEdge helps software developers and merchants by delivering secure and personalized payment solutions. Aligned with our overall strategy, OpenEdge is driving payments innovation, adapting, scaling and simplifying how payments are processed across platforms and points of interaction in an increasingly complex landscape. 
 Consistent with my comments over the past year, we have also remained focused on expanding our worldwide footprint and adding direct distribution in key strategic markets. To that end, I am delighted with our agreement to acquire Ezidebit that we announced last month. 
 Ezidebit is a leading integrated payments company focused on recurring payments verticals in Australia and New Zealand. Much like our OpenEdge business in the United States, Ezidebit markets its products through a network of integrated software vendors and direct channels to numerous vertical markets. This acquisition will expand our worldwide footprint and provide us with technology-enabled direct distribution in Australia, one of the largest economies and payments markets in the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, similar to our expansion of OpenEdge technology into Canada, we intend to offer Ezidebit services to other Asia-Pacific regions where these types of solutions do not presently exist. 
 We're also very pleased to have entered into a strategic agreement to acquire Fidelity National Information Services' gaming business that we expect will significantly expand our direct distribution in the North American gaming vertical. This transaction is complementary to our existing gaming business and will expand our suite of innovative products and services. By combining our gaming businesses, we can cross-sell our full suite of products to their more than 250 flagship locations and enhance our value proposition, while leveraging their industry-leading scale and capabilities in risk management. We expect significant operational synergies when the transaction closes toward the end of our fiscal year.
 Both of these transactions represent an attractive use of our capital and are expected to contribute meaningfully to our ability to deliver on our financial expectations over the coming years. I am confident that we have the financial flexibility and capacity to continue to pursue a well-disciplined corporate development road map, reinvest in the business and efficiently return capital to shareholders. These are not mutually exclusive initiatives and combined, will continue to drive attractive shareholder returns. 
 Now I will turn the call over to Cameron. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. It is a pleasure to be speaking with you today and to be a part of the Global Payments team. 
 As Jeff noted, our 2015 fiscal year is off to a strong start with better-than-expected business performance and the positive effect of our recently executed share repurchases driving earnings growth for the quarter. Before I summarize our segment details, I would first like to remind you that we operate payment solutions businesses in multiple geographies in various stages of payments evolution. Each of these markets has its own dynamic economic and competitive environment, which allows us to achieve certain portfolio diversification benefits, while also driving some variability in our results. As a such, I would like to begin my commentary by providing a brief overview of the key drivers of performance for the first quarter relative to our expectations. 
 In the United States, all of our direct businesses performed better than anticipated, and we experienced continued businesses stability in Canada, while also benefiting from successful selective pricing initiatives. In Europe, our e-commerce channel in Spain also performed better than expected. This was partially offset by Russia, which underperformed our expectations. 
 In addition, our effective tax rate was slightly lower than our forecast for the quarter, largely due to our geographic earnings mix and tax planning strategies. Further, subsequent to our last earnings call, we completed $75 million of share repurchases that resulted in a lower average share count for the quarter. Lastly, overall foreign currency translation impacts for the quarter were slightly better than expected and contributed positively to our results. 
 Now for the quarterly details. As Jeff noted, total company revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 grew to $705 million, reflecting 12% growth over fiscal 2014, and cash operating margins expanded by 10 basis points to 19.8%. Diluted cash earnings per share increased 22% over the prior year's quarter to $1.22. Our underlying business demonstrated strength during the quarter even after normalizing our revenue growth for the addition of PayPros. Assuming we own the PayPros business in our current and prior year first quarters, or normalizing its effect, total company revenue growth would have been 8%, above our long-term core organic growth expectations. 
 North America segment revenue grew 12% for the first quarter with U.S. growth of 14% and transaction growth of 11% over the prior year. U.S. revenue and transaction growth include the addition of the PayPros acquisition, and normalizing for this, our organic U.S. revenue growth would have been 7% on transaction growth of 4%. Canada revenue growth for the quarter was 4% in U.S. dollars, with relatively stable spreads and low single-digit credit transaction growth, partially offset by an expected unfavorable exchange rate. North America cash operating income grew 13% to $89.3 million, and cash operating margins were 17.7%, better than we expected for the first quarter. 
 International revenue grew 12% for the quarter in U.S. dollars. Europe delivered strong revenue growth of nearly 14%, fueled by performance in Spain and from our e-commerce channel. Asia-Pacific revenue grew 6%, in line with our expectations for the quarter. International cash operating income grew 12% to $77 million, and cash operating margins remained steady at 38.4%. 
 Our effective tax rate for the quarter on a cash basis was 27.4%. We generated approximately $87 million of free cash flow this quarter, which we defined as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $18 million for the quarter and our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the quarter, was approximately $265 million. Lastly, we repurchased a total of approximately 1.8 million shares during the quarter. 
 Based on our results for the quarter as well as the anticipated closing of the Ezidebit transaction during our fiscal second quarter, we are increasing our expectations for fiscal 2015. We now expect reported revenue to grow 7% to 9% and range from $2.74 billion to $2.79 billion. Additionally, we are raising our cash earnings per share expectations to a range of $4.65 to $4.75, reflecting growth of 13% to 15%. We also now expect core cash operating margins to expand by as much as 40 basis points in fiscal 2015.
 We are forecasting that North American revenue will grow at a high single-digit rate, with high single-digit revenue growth in the United States and Canadian revenue growth remaining in the low single digits in local currency. We continue to expect North America cash operating income to increase in the low double digits compared to last year with cash operating margin expansion. We also now anticipate high single to low double-digit international revenue growth in U.S. dollars. 
 For our Asia-Pacific business, we have raised our expectations for revenue growth to the high teens, which includes the impact of the Ezidebit acquisition. In Europe, we still expect mid single-digit revenue growth in U.S. dollars with slightly stronger performance in Spain and consistent performances from the U.K. and our e-commerce channel, all on a local-currency basis. Additionally, we have a slightly more tempered view of growth expectations for Russia, which, as a reminder, represents less than 3% of total company revenue. 
 We now expect international cash operating income to grow in the low double digits and cash operating margins to remain relatively stable compared to last year, partially due to the Ezidebit acquisition. Importantly, we now expect foreign currency translation to represent a more meaningful headwind to overall cash earnings per share for the full year, and this is also incorporated into our expectations. Since providing our outlook for fiscal 2015 in July, we have seen an increased weakness in most of the foreign currencies to which we have exposure. 
 As a reminder, our fiscal 2015 outlook reflects only the impacts of share repurchases that we have executed to date. We now have approximately $245 million of total authorization remaining for potential further share repurchases. 
 In addition, upon closing the Ezidebit transaction, we expect to have approximately $850 million of capacity to fund future initiatives, including approximately $650 million of availability on our corporate credit facility. Lastly, given that we expect the FIS transaction to close towards the end of our fiscal 2015, we intend to fund this acquisition with operating cash flows and do not expect it to have an impact on our near-term capital allocation plans or facility availability. 
 I will now turn the call back over to Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Cameron. For the past 5 quarters, we have delivered strong and consistent performance resulting from the ongoing successful execution of our strategic initiatives. We remain committed to driving sustainable growth in each of our markets and dedicated to creating value for our shareholders, partners, customers and employees. As the first quarter demonstrates and our increased fiscal 2015 expectations suggests, we continue to anticipate another strong year. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Jane. 
Jane Elliott: Thanks, Jeff. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, and operator, we will now go to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: My first question, normally, you guys go through sort of a breakout of -- sort of give us more of a flavor of what's going into your underlying assumptions with regards to specific geographies and stuff like that, country level details in Europe and such like. Could you do that work up again? Because when I look at how you raised your guidance, like you said, roughly half through the acquisition of Ezidebit I'm assuming and the other half is basically the beat minus the impact of currency. So seems like there's possibly some elements of conservatism in how you're looking at your outlook. 
Jeffrey Sloan: So Ashwin, it's Jeff. I'll start. I think as we've said before, we're sitting here at the end of the first quarter, so we're very, very pleased with where we are currently. We're very pleased to raise revenue, margin and cash earnings guidance for the year. But we are at the start of the first quarter. And I think as you've seen us do historically, we like to be in a position where we expect that as the year goes on, that we increase our confidence level around the continuing performance of the business, and I think that's something you probably have heard consistently from us over time. 
 And with that, though, I'll turn it over Cameron. And perhaps, Cameron, you can take us a little bit around the globe and just walk through some of the trending in terms of what we see that ties into the guidance. 
Cameron Bready: Sure. Ashwin, I'll start by just noting that, as you look at the outlook for the revenue guidance for fiscal '15, we are obviously incorporating the first quarter performance and the Ezidebit acquisition. But the FX impacts that we have for the full year are fairly meaningful. For example, the Canadian dollar has weakened, roughly 3% relative to what we had in our July expectations. And as you know, that's particularly impactful currency, given that our revenues are in, obviously, Canadian dollar and much of our expenses are in U.S. dollars given how we manage that business. 
 But as you go around the globe, and I think I covered some of this in my prepared remarks, we continue to expect good fundamentals in the U.S. market. We've seen strong growth in our direct businesses on a revenue basis, and we expect that momentum to carry through for the full year, recognizing again, however, that we are in the first quarter. As you flip over to Canada, again, we expect a relatively stable environment in Canada, which is what we experienced in the first quarter, and we think that sets up reasonably well for the full year as well. 
 In Europe, the U.K. business is generally performing in line with our expectations. Our e-commerce business, again, is a little bit above expectations, and we continue to expect good performance out of Spain, but that's somewhat tempered again by what we're seeing in Russia. Russia continues to be a fairly meaningful headwind for Europe, just particularly in light of the overall macro environment in Russia. You've got the market there down 20% year-to-date. Ruble's off 18% year-to-date, in an all-time low against the euro and certainly, near an all-time low against the U.S. dollars, and GDP estimates there are not good. So that clearly creates a little bit of a headwind for our European business. And generally, in Asia, x the Ezidebit acquisition, we're generally expecting fairly much consistent performance in line with our expectations, and Ezidebit is obviously going to be additive to that. 
 The last thing I would note just from a revenue perspective, is we continue to accommodate our view of the ISO market. And our revenue growth continues to, I think, reflect what we have seen in that business, which is obviously low single-digit growth, and we've accommodated the potential that, that could degrade even a little bit further in the back half of that year or the back 3 quarters of the year. 
 So when you roll all that together, we've guided up at a midpoint basis about $40 million. We think that obviously, given where we are, we're 1 quarter into the year, it's a reasonable outlook for the full year. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: No, that's quite understandable. I guess, a quick follow-up on Canada. Obviously, good to see it has a stable business here. But as you roll out the APT offerings in Canada, first of all, I guess, what sort of reception are you getting? And is that a good, solid start and enough potential that down the road, you can maybe call Canada better than stable? 
David Mangum: Yes, Ashwin, this is David. The initial reception has been quite good for the rollout of integrated solutions, which we've now, as you know, rebranded OpenEdge on a worldwide basis, particularly in North America. Initial reception's quite good and you've put your finger on an important thing to watch for Canada over the coming years really. Initially, this is the initial roll out of integrated solutions into one of our largest markets. So you won't see a big change in Canadian trends, but certainly, our hope is we can drive greater organic growth at high profit levels through the integrated channel and the initial signs are quite positive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Koning with Baird. 
David Koning: I guess, just one other thing. Just -- I mean, Canada got quite a bit better sequentially. I mean, it was 5% constant currency growth I think in Q4, and up to 8%. And you mentioned a little bit of pricing benefit. Is there something incremental? Because I know we have thought it would start to decelerate with some of the MasterCard and Visa interchange adjustments and things anniversary-ed but it actually seemed to pick up a little bit. So was there, yes, a new pricing benefit? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Dave, it's Jeff. I think it's just continued good execution. We have a newer management team up in Canada in the last year. I think you're starting to see the fruits of that reinvigoration of the sales channel. We're very pleased with the new initiatives that we have in Canada. And I would say, financially, for the quarter and outlook for the year, Dave, that Cameron expressed that we have seen a higher retention rate on some of those actions that we had taken through, I think, good management up in Canada than we had seen historically. So I would say, more stickiness, Dave, is probably one thing I would point to and better sales execution. 
David Koning: Okay, great. And then my follow-up, the FIS gaming acquisition, it sounds like a lot of revenue synergies so we should see growth there. But maybe you could give us kind of the baseline annualized revenue and kind of margin profile just so we could start thinking about how that impacts fiscal '16? 
David Mangum: Dave, this is David. I don't think we're going to walk through a lot of detail. But the base business we're buying is on the order of about a $50 million business with margins that are accretive to Global Payments' margins. We obviously expect the combination will drive even better margin expansion over time, and maybe it's worth doing a little bit of a reset for everyone on what the gaming business is and isn't within Global Payments. We don't spend a lot of time talking about it, but just as a reminder, it's been a consistent mid to high single-digit grower, operating at margins higher than the company's margins, and it's a very consistent business when you think of the theme of technology-enabled distribution. This is a series of products, innovative products, by the way, that are focused on very specific vertical, gaming and cash access on the floor in casinos. Our technology there helps everyone -- helps casinos manage credit exposure, get cash onto the floor and really delight their most important customers. 
 Fidelity does exactly the same thing. So we really love the idea of putting these 2 together, the ability to cross-sell and the geographic expansion that comes with it. We're very excited about this transaction. 
Cameron Bready: And Dave, it's Cameron. I would just note, in addition to David mentioned, the complementary nature of the business is very attractive to us. And end of day, the price that we're paying, from our perspective, is also very attractive. We view the effective purchase price of the transaction to be in the neighborhood of $180 million after taking into consideration the tax benefits that we realized through the transaction structure. So we think that price relative to what we're getting and the complementary nature of their business to our business and what we could do with that going forward, is a very attractive use of our capital. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. 
Glenn Greene: A couple of questions, maybe just drilling down a little bit on the U.S. revenue strength. Can you just sort of help us understand a little bit more on the direct side, kind of the components? How well integrated payments did? And then -- I mean, it sort of gets my read through. Is integrated payments either -- did better than expectations, or the ISO drag has been not as bad as expected? And the follow-up related to that would be, given the strong Canada results and North America revenue growth -- U.S. revenue growth, I'm actually surprised margins weren't a little bit better in North America. 
Cameron Bready: Well, I think -- it's Cameron. And Glenn, I'll start with just the revenue side of the equation. I would say for the U.S. business, all of our direct business has really performed better than our expectations in the first quarter, and that's really what's driving, from our perspective, the overall performance. 
 I would say ISO's generally performed in line with what we had anticipated for the quarter, and that's largely why you're seeing kind of such strong U.S. revenue growth, in particular, integrated -- the integrated channel, which we've now, as you probably saw, rebranded as OpenEdge. OpenEdge performed, again, slightly better than our expectations. We're continuing to make very good progress, I think integrating APT and PayPros and that has generated, I think, positive performance and momentum as we look to the back 3 quarters of the year as well. 
 As it relates to the overall margin, we did see margin expansion year-over-year, which again, I think, is very much a good story for the U.S. business. As we look to the balance of the year, we continue to expect to see strong margin improvement across the U.S. business. We do expect margin expansion for the U.S. business as well, consistent with the outlook that we gave in July. Obviously, our confidence around that is a little bit bolstered by the results we saw in the first quarter. 
Glenn Greene: Okay. And then, just a quick follow-up on maybe the growth in the margin profile for the Ezidebit business. 
Cameron Bready: Sure. Ezidebit as we mentioned before, is a business that will be additive, again, and accretive to the overall corporate margin. It's generally in line with what we see across our international businesses. So as we look to the back -- the 3 quarters of the year as well, we expect to see Ezidebit contributing a little bit to the margin improvement that we're currently anticipating for the overall business. 
Jeffrey Sloan: And I would say -- Glenn, it's Jeff, that the revenue growth we expect at that business is slightly higher -- in line, but slightly higher than our OpenEdge businesses here in North America. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. 
Jason Kupferberg: Just a couple of sizing questions, if we could. First off, on OpenEdge, I mean, now that you've put PayPros and APT together, can you give us a sense of what percent of your total company revenue is OpenEdge? And I think the growth rate there is still kind of low double digits or so. If you can verify that. And maybe we can just start there and then just -- oh, just an update on the percent of North American revs and op income from the ISOs? 
Cameron Bready: It's Cameron. I'll jump in there. I don't think we're in a position today to give an absolute sort of sizing of the integrated business relative to our overall North American channel or the entirety of Global Payments. As you think about, obviously, the combination of those businesses going forward, we look at the revenue growth for that business more in the mid-teen range. We think it has very positive momentum, again, as we look again to the back 3 quarters of the year and going forward beyond that. So we view that as a mid-teen growing business and are very, very confident in that expectation. 
 Can you remind me the second part of your question? 
Jason Kupferberg: Yes, just the update on the percent of North America revs and operating income coming from the ISOs. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, we gave that number a few quarters ago, I believe. I don't think we're going to provide a specific update to that today. But I think it's easy to assume that given the growth of the direct business in the intervening period, that those numbers are less than probably what we quoted to you previously and continuing to decline. So I think that's a trend that we would expect as we move forward in time. But we don't have a specific update to that today. 
Jason Kupferberg: And just last, the integration of the actual technology platforms for PayPros and APT, I know that's an ongoing process. Should we be thinking of that as a material source of cost savings once that's completed? And should we be thinking of kind of roughly end of fiscal '15 for when that might be done? 
David Mangum: Yes, Jason, it's David. We think it's quite important to the integrated business to bring those technology platforms together. We're not in a rush. We want to do it very well and serve our 2,000 partners around the U.S. and Canada very well. It is fair to think that around the end of fiscal '15, we'll be well on our way to completing that integration, which should create very nice margin expansion opportunities for the integrated business. Now that would be within the greater context of the U.S. business and North American business and total Global Payment. So I don't know that you'll necessarily see it on the face of the income statement but it's a part of running the business very efficiently and very well. It will be great for the integrated channel. 
Operator: Our next question comes from George Mihalos of Crdit Suisse. 
Georgios Mihalos: Maybe to start off on the U.S. side again, you spoke in the past about targeting mid-teens growth for the i-paw [ph] solutions. It sounds like you did a little bit better in the first quarter. Is that fair to say that the growth rate accelerated a little bit in the first quarter? 
Cameron Bready: George, it's Cameron. I do think that's a relatively fair statement to say. We did see some acceleration of that growth in the first quarter. Again, I think that does set up well for us to meet our overall expectations for that business for the year. But I think that is a fair characterization of the results thus far. 
Georgios Mihalos: Okay. And you're affirming the long-term growth of the channel as mid-teens? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think that's right. 
Georgios Mihalos: Okay. Also curious, we're hearing a lot about tokenization opportunities from a number of different payment providers. How significant could that be? Or will it be significant to Global Payments as you look out, maybe 1 year or so? Is that something that could be meaningful to the U.S. operation? 
Jeffrey Sloan: George, it's Jeff. I'll start. I think you probably had seen our announcement last night with Apple Pay, that we're fully supporting Apple Pay here in the United States across all of our channels, but in particular, through OpenEdge, which is our integrated business. 
 As you know, based on your question, tokens, of course, are part of the solution as it relates to that mobile construct, and we're pleased to be, I think, an early user of the tokens that are used in that kind of a solution. 
 I would say more generally, on the strategy side of what you said, we kind of view it as a combination of EMV, tokenization as well as encryption. And we think all 3 parts of that, George, are going to be important for the ultimate solution. So I do think over a period of time that we will incrementally do better in the United States market with all 3 of those as a package. Whether that would meaningfully influence our results, time will tell and you'll have to see. I do think that the market though, will evolve toward a place where, for the right merchant set, and of course, you saw as in OpenEdge and Apple with us last night, it will be a meaningful point of distinction, I believe, for us. I would also say, though, in the case of tokens, well Apple is a very good example of an innovator and a leading partner and a company who has done very well with what they've done to date. I think it's important to realize that there is still in a lack of uniformity on what the right baseline for tokenization should be. So for example, we, here, on our side, are using -- at least in the United States currently, the EMVco tokenization specs. But there are variety, as you probably know, George, of alternative specifications for tokens. Some are at the issuer level, some are at the acquirer level, et cetera. I think it's going to be important for us as an industry to see some kind of rationalization and uniformity of specification, George, for tokens really to have a meaningful impact on payments across all of us in the marketplace. 
Georgios Mihalos: Okay, so it sounds like a bit of a wait and see on that. Last question for me. Should we be thinking any differently about the tax rate for fiscal year '15? Any changes there? 
Cameron Bready: George, it's Cameron. Generally, no. I think we're guiding toward a tax rate approaching 28%. It was 27.4% for the first quarter, so I think that's generally in the ballpark of the overall guidance we provided for the full year. We may come in a little light of that, but we're still guiding towards that approaching 28% level. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Keane: I wanted to ask about the guidance coming from a slightly different angle. If I just look at the first quarter, you guys did about 12% revenue growth. How do we get down to 7% to 9% growth for the full year? What's going to deteriorate in the business, even given the Ezidebit acquisitions going to be in there as well? 
Cameron Bready: Bryan, it's Cameron. I don't know that I would say anything is going to really deteriorate in the business, but for perhaps, FX. And also, I think it's important to remember that PayPros annualizes in Q4, so that's going to obviously have an impact on the overall annual revenue growth as well. So as I described earlier, I think when you look at the revenue guidance, we've obviously factored in the first quarter performance. We are including our expectation for Ezidebit. We are being conscious, I think, of the momentum we have going into the back 3 quarters of the year, but also recognize it's very early, despite the fact we're pleased with our overall performance thus far. And I think when you layer in FX on top of that and accommodate, again, for the ISO channel, which again, we view as growth being relatively light in the low single-digit range, and potentially worse, I think that kind of gets you to an overall 7% to 9% level. 
 Frankly, I'm less focused on the 7% to 9%. That's really just math. I think ultimately, what I'm focused on is the actual revenue numbers themselves, and I think, again, we guided the midpoint up $40 million. We think that's a good place for us to be right now given we're 1 quarter into the year. 
Bryan Keane: How much was FX a headwind going in, I guess, on the original guidance? How many points? And then, how much is it now into -- when I look at this guidance, how many points of headwind is FX? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, we didn't give a specific sort of estimate as to the FX impact coming into the year. We described it as a modest headwind, so you can use your own judgment as to what modest means. I think as we look to the balance of the year, we think it is a more meaningful headwind to the business, and I'll just note that if you look at all the major currencies to which we are exposed, all but one, we have a more negative outlook for those currencies for the balance of the year than we did in the July time frame and I would say, relatively meaningfully more negative outlook. So I think that's really what's driving a lot of what you're seeing from a top line revenue perspective is just that impact of FX. 
Bryan Keane: But you're not quantifying the FX impact in the guidance? 
Cameron Bready: No, we are not quantifying it specifically, no. 
Bryan Keane: All right, last question for me. Just on Russia now, what's in the expectations? I guess, it was short of what you were expecting originally. But how much Russia revenue? What's the baseline to the guidance now? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, as we commented earlier, Russia represents about 3% of our total revenue for the company. So I wouldn't want to characterize performance as dramatically negative relative to our expectations. But it did fall a little bit short. I think we're really pleased with the job our colleagues are doing in Russia given the overall environment there and some of the highlights that I provided earlier as to where the ruble stands and where the overall macroeconomic situation is, particularly where GDP growth is. But again, we have a slightly more tempered view. We came into the year with a tempered view and I'd say, our view is slightly more tempered than it even was in July for that business for the full year. And particularly, when you layer on the impact of the ruble, which has, again, continued to degrade significantly, performance expectations for that business are not particularly great right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Macquarie. 
Kevin McVeigh: Just another follow-up. Seems like nice increase to margins despite the FX. What's driving kind of the boost in what's obviously a tougher environment overall? 
Jeffrey Sloan: So I'll start Kevin, and then Cameron will add in too. I think a key thing from our point of view is that we've had very good execution in our direct channel. So if you start with the United States business, I think we are really firing in all cylinders on a direct basis in the U.S. business. Of course, the direct business is at a higher margin, naturally, than some of our third-party businesses anywhere in the world; especially here in the United States. So I think, Kevin, you start with good core direct sales execution, coupled with investments in things like PayPros, and while Fidelity gaming will not tie into fiscal '15 because it really closes at the end of the year, we also have announced there, Kevin, that is a higher-margin business with better-than-industry rates of organic revenue growth, similar to our own business. So I would say, Kevin, good execution and that those things that we're adding into our markets are more direct sales, resources and more businesses with "better than corporate average" corporate operating margins. So I think a conscious effort to have better execution. When we add something, better products and services that drive additional margin. 
Kevin McVeigh: And then just, Jeff, without getting too granular, any sense of what is the target to come over the course of time for direct versus indirect? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Well, I think, Kevin, as a strategy manner, without giving kind of a more granular answer to your point, what we like to do is just let those businesses grow as much north of the market as we can. Every month here, we look at our rates of organic revenue and transaction growth in all of our markets versus what you see from the networks and what you see from our publicly reporting peers. Those are our bogeys and we try to exceed what we think those market rates of growth are. 
 So if you back to what Cameron had said, if you look at the first quarter with our third-party ISO business growing in the low single digit, as Cameron mentioned, we view the organic rate of the market to be mid-single digits or better in the United States markets, so we're trying to exceed that, Kevin. You can imagine what that might do to that mix over time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Daniel Perlin: I just want to go back and look at Europe a bit. I know you're talking about FX headwinds being meaningful but not quantifying it. So when we look at Spain, historically, that's been more of a market share play, I think. I'm wondering, to the extent, where do you guys stand in terms of that penetration? And do you think that, that could continue even in the face of what is going to be some, I think, much more difficult purchasing power within that region? And then secondly, within the e-commerce channel, I think your major partner had a pretty significant announcement yesterday. I'm wondering, Jeff, if you could just kind of philosophically think about and tell us what you're thinking there. 
 And then the last question I have and then I'll be quiet. Some of the networks have suggested that they're going to put on these digital enable-ment fees, which are fees they're going to charge to you guys. I'm wondering what extent you think you're going to be able to absorb those and/or pass them through in the future. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Dan, it's Jeff. Certainly, those are good questions and certainly, happy to address those. So let me start off first with the Global Solutions business, which as you rightly said, we are very lucky and fortunate to have PayPal as one of our good partners in that business. I think as Cameron had alluded to in his prepared comments, we continue to see consistently very good performance in that business. 
 What I would say is that I've said with other parties -- third parties over time, that we are only as a successful in our businesses as our partners are successful. So if you think about it that way, Dan, presumably, the rationale for eBay and PayPal is to enable additional success at both eBay as well as at PayPal. And of course, you'd have to ask them, but is my sense, having read about it and having lived through this stuff before. As I said a minute ago, the more success that they have, we believe, the more success that we, as a good partner, will have. So from that point of view, Dan, I feel like that's nothing but good news for them but also for our business, and that is certainly my expectation. 
 On the question about -- on the question about Spain, I think we continue to have very good execution and market share gains in that business. I would add that as you've seen around the EU, and certainly from one of the networks, we also believe that we will benefit from continued regulatory change in the European marketplace. Spain was in effect this quarter because it was effective, I believe, September 1. Spain early adopted their equivalent, Dan, of some of the SEPA pricing actions for credit and debit. So we have a lot of confidence in our colleagues in Spain. I think you can see that through the years of consistent performance, and we would expect that to be enhanced, not just through additional market share gains as we've done continuously, but also through some of the benefits that we experienced here in the context of Durbin, that you'll see some of that flow through in the context of SEPA. 
 And then lastly, getting to your third question about some of the announcements by the networks. I think in our business, the real key for us is the ability to provide additional value, so whether it's Apple Pay, which we announced last night, particularly through OpenEdge, whether it's the additional kiosks or the announcement in our gaming business or the announcement with our partnership with Fidelity and their businesses, the key for us is to be able to offer more value-added products and services, and we and our customers will then be the beneficiary of that. 
 So to the extent, for example, tokens become more readily accepted, as you've seen with some of the announcements we've made, if that provides more value and if there's way as part of that for us to share in that value participation, that's terrific. If they don't provide more value, then I think that's something that we and everybody else will have to think about. But sitting here today, Dan, I view a lot of the announcements that come out about newer technologies and newer initiatives to the brand as being additive to the quality by reducing consumer concerns about fraud rates, by reducing actual and perceived fraud. All that stuff is very good news for us and for our customers. 
Cameron Bready: And then, David, just a little follow on to and to the previous question. We have the ability to do tokenization today point-to-point as well and for customers with the right terminals, the ability to do EMV as well. If you go forward over calendar '15 and think of that as the opportunity for bundled solutions for more secured processing, absolutely, that's adding more value to the transactions, which should provide the ability to price appropriately around that as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Kwok of KBW. 
Steven Kwok: I just have one quick follow-up. In terms of -- from an M&A pipeline, I was just wondering what are the -- how is the pipeline going? And then in terms of -- what are the -- some of the areas that you're focused that you feel like can enhance your operations even more? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, Steven, it's Jeff. So I would say we still have a good pipeline. I think you have to realize that I say that in the context of just having announced 2 acquisitions in the last 2 or 3 weeks. So as with all pipelines, they build and then hopefully, over time, you execute on some of those transactions and then you rebuild them. So I like where our pipeline is today, but of course, 2 of the transactions, Ezidebit and Fidelity, we have now announced, so clearly those 2 are no longer in the pipeline. You have to keep that in perspective. 
 Second, in terms of areas of focus, Ezidebit with Australia and New Zealand was an area of focus that we talked quite a bit about in the last number of conference calls. So we had said key strategic objective for us, Steven, is to expand our business in the Asia-Pacific region. Australia, South Korea and Japan, probably in that order, were 3 markets that we're not in that, really, we really have wanted to be in and now we are very pleased to be in the Australian marketplace with the announcement of the Ezidebit acquisition. So I would say, if we could find additional opportunities in that market, or in South Korea and Japan as new markets, we'd be very interested, and we continue to look at those. 
 Of the markets that we're currently in Asia-Pacific that we've said before that we want to be bigger in, that's still true. So for example, we are looking fairly closely at India, China and the Philippines, 3 markets that we're currently in, that we like, that we'd rather be bigger in if we have a choice. So I think this is still on the horizon. I would say in the North American marketplace, U.S. and Canada, we just announced Fidelity 1 day or 2 ago, so I think it's fair to assume that there's not a lot more company of any size in the North American marketplace eminently. 
 And then in Europe, we continue to look. Most of the things that we've seen in Europe, we have passed on. We are very pleased with the current construct of our European business. If we can find additional transactions, especially in Continental Europe to expand our GPE business in Prague, we'd be very interested in those, but that's nothing really new. We've been saying that for some time. 
 And of course, we're also pleased to be in Brazil with our partners at Caixa. We would look to expand our Brazilian business if we can find the right opportunity, as we have said for a while. And we would like to do the same in the rest of Latin America, in particular in Mexico, if we found the right opportunity. 
 So it's not really new, Steven. I would say what is new post-Ezidebit, is really we're now going to be, upon closing, in Australia and New Zealand. So that was a key focal point of ours. 
Operator: Our next question comes from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 
James Schneider: One question, one clarification if I could. Relative to the 40 bps of operating margin expansion you're expecting for the year, how much of that is being driven by the pure mix of business with OpenEdge? and Ezidebit? Versus how much is being driven by kind of operational leverage? 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Jim, it's Cameron. I wouldn't give a specific estimate as to how much is being driven by any particular aspect of the business. I think what it reflects overall is just the continuing improvement in the overall margin profile for the aggregate company. Some of that's being driven by initiatives that we have, as Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks, to move towards a single-operating-company platform. Some of that's driven by the improvements we've made in terms of adding new businesses to the mix that obviously come in at higher than our corporate average margin. And some of it, I think, is just outright execution in a lot of our businesses around the world. So not going to splice it more specifically than that, but I think it's a combination of those factors. 
James Schneider: That's helpful. And then just a clarification on the follow-up. With respect to the ISO channel, it sounds like you are saying that in August quarter, the ISO channel didn't decelerate, in fact, maybe it was the same or a little bit better than it was back in the May quarter. Is that accurate? 
Cameron Bready: I think it was probably a little slower than it was in the May quarter. I don't think the deceleration was dramatic. We still view it in the low single digit from a growth perspective. But as I mentioned before, our revenue guidance does contemplate the potential that, that could deteriorate a little bit more as we look to the back 3 quarters of the year. But it was probably a little weaker than we saw in the May quarter, but it wasn't dramatic. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just want to ask about Ezidebit and the revenue opportunity. I don't really know that asset well. Looks like it's a recurring payments business plus a gateway business. So what's the mix and which piece are you more excited about? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Tien-tsin, it's Jeff. I think we're excited about first, the opportunity to get into an additional markets in Asia-Pacific. So we've been looking for quite some time, as I said a minute ago, in reaction -- in response to Steven's question about how we entered additional markets in Asia-Pacific, in particular in Australia, which is the fourth-largest economy in Asia-Pacific and is about the same size -- a little bit bigger than the economy in Spain. So I think the first answer to your question is new markets is an important thing that we're focused on. 
 I would think, second, in terms of your question about the construct of Ezidebit, I would think of it, really, as very similar to what we call OpenEdge, APT and PayPros. So I think you should think about it that way, Tien-tsin, in terms of your understanding of the business. The market in Australia is a little bit different than the market in the United States or a decent number to mean alternative payment schemes outside of the card brands in Australia. So that has a meaningful part of the business over at Ezidebit. So other than that construct, which is local schemes, I think it's very similar, same types of channels. I think there's 60 enterprise software and integrators who they're partnering with to get at the base customer base. So the model you should be thinking about is one that's very similar to OpenEdge, albeit in the Australian market. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay, good to know, and I appreciate that. Just for my follow-up for Cameron, I guess, that the quarterly cadence throughout the year for EPS, I think last quarter you said would mirror last year. Any update to that? 
Cameron Bready: No. I think that expectation is still largely consistent based on our current outlook for the full year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Cameron, just -- at the risk of beating a dead horse on the ISOs, can you just talk a little bit about causality? What's kind of behind the modest weakness relative to your initial thoughts on that channel. Is that a Global Payments sort of consummated initiative? Or is there something external taking place in the market? 
Cameron Bready: I don't know that there's anything more significant external taking place in the marketplace. I think it's more of a commentary, I think, largely from our perspective as to where our focus has been here over the last few quarters. It's clearly on growing our direct business. It's clearly on growing OpenEdge, our integrated business, and focusing on, again, putting our efforts behind what we view as more the long-term future of our company, which is the direct distribution model, through those businesses that we have. So I don't know that I would read too much further into it than that. I think it's just a fairly consistent commentary with what we've seen over the last few quarters around where our focus is and the result of that as flow through our overall financial performance. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Andrew, it's Jeff. I would just say it's continuation -- in addition to what Cameron said, financially, at a high level, it's a continuation of the trend that we probably have talked about in the last 8 quarters or so, which is at the end of the day, the third-party business has really come to a period post-Durbin and post the FAM [ph], a period of very high revenue growth in particular, which of course, has an impact on our GAAP-reported revenues. And that is well now annualized. So I think what you're seeing is those unusual onetime events, which caused that channel to grow very, very quickly for a period of a couple of years. This is probably the 8th consecutive quarter where we've seen a continuation of the same trend of lower growth in that channel. So I wouldn't say it's anything other than an extension of what you've been seeing the last 2 years or so. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Got it, all right. That's helpful. And where is the sort of the pro forma operating leverage in the business -- or sorry, financial leverage in the business today? And are you sort of comfortable with long term, recognizing that you generate a lot of free cash? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Andrew, it's Jeff. So at a high level for me, from a strategy point of view, we expect to see over the cycle, as we laid out in July, continuing operating margin expansion. We've made significant investments in our direct businesses. We believe those are growing at market rates or better. We just got through talking about our third-party business. And while there's not a lot new there over the last 2 years, the truth is that is not growing from a revenue point of view at where rate of market growth is. So the natural mix over time and continued good execution in new products and services and leveraging the technology platform globally as we're doing, generates our expectation that we talked about in July, that we're going to continue to see over the cycle, additional operating margin expansion. That is supplemented by some of that deals that we've announced. So we're very focused on adding products, services, companies, distribution and technologies that are additive to our margins. So the last 2 transactions we've announced, Ezidebit and now Fidelity gaming, are not only growing better than the rates of organic market growth which we described, but have come in, as David mentioned, at margins that are better than our corporate margin. 
 So I think from a strategy point of view, Andrew, going back to the July-cycle-based guidance, it's a combination of good consistent direct execution in all of our direct channels globally, augmented by -- when we do, do partnerships and acquisitions, those are assets that have good technologies, products and services, good distribution, that without us doing a lot initially, have better margins in the first place. And I think, you add all that stuff together and you should continue to see -- our expectations is continued expansion over the cycle on our operating margins. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Jason Deleeuw with Piper Jaffray. 
Jason Deleeuw: I wanted to dig into the integrated payments channel still more. I want to get a feel for the channel partners that you're working with. What percentage of their merchants already have integrated payments? I'm just trying to get a sense for like kind of the long-term growth opportunity there. And then also, if you could just give us some color on -- now that we -- you guys have been in this channel for some time now, especially with APT, what's kind of going on from a competitive front, from a pricing front? Are there any changes in the dynamics in that channel that you guys have noticed over the last year, 1.5 years? 
David Mangum: Yes, Jason, it's David. I'll start and then let the other guys chime in as well. We have over 2,000 partners across our integrated channel, servicing numerous verticals, with meaningful presence in probably 50 or 60 verticals -- channels. When you think about the pieces of that solution, it's proprietary payment, technology, and highly secure solution as well. So if you look at the pieces of that, we've been very successful with the mid-teens kind of growth that Cameron is describing. And then when you roll sort of the rest of your question and thinking about pricing pressure, we have seen very little incremental pricing pressure. Obviously, merchant acquiring is highly competitive, to link your first 2 questions together. But for us, fortunately, from a growth perspective, we have not quoted this number in some time. When we first announced these transactions, we told you these channels were maybe 25% penetrated. In other words, the merchant solutions being integrated with our software and our technology and the vendors' software and technology, maybe 25% of those merchants actually were processing through an integrated solution. So we think we've got a long runway ahead for growth, particularly given that pricing trends are quite stable across the industry. 
Jason Deleeuw: Just last, if you think EMV helps accelerate the penetration rate or to get more merchants to integrate the payments? 
David Mangum: Yes, there's no question. In fact, if you link it to Apple Pay and the marriage of tokenization, point-to-point encryption and EMV, we think we will drive faster adoption and get the merchant -- the end merchant as well as the ISV, the software vendor, more excited about driving these integrated solutions throughout the base. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Well, thank you very much for joining us this morning. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2014 Fourth Quarter and Year End Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call will be recorded.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead. 
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2014 Fourth Quarter and Year End Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour, and joining me on the call are Jeff Sloan, CEO; David Mangum, President and COO; and Cameron Bready, Executive Vice President and CFO.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.
 Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them.
 In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures, such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed earlier today. The press release is also available in the Investor Relations area of our website, www.globalpaymentsinc.com.
 Now I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. Before I begin our formal commentary, I would like to introduce Cameron Bready, our new Executive Vice President and CFO. I am delighted to have him as part of our team. On that same note this marks David's last earnings call as CFO, and I am pleased to now have David as the company's President and Chief Operating Officer. I look forward to working with both Cameron and David in their new positions.
 We are pleased with our strong performance for fiscal 2014, with revenue growth at 8% to $2.6 billion, and cash earnings per share growth of 13% to $4.12.
 We also returned over $415 million to shareholders in buybacks and dividends and made a key $420 million acquisition. These results reflect continued execution of our strategy to expand direct distribution, leverage our technology footprint to bring innovative products to each of our markets and prudently balance and deploy capital.
 We made tremendous progress on our strategic initiatives in fiscal 2014. We enhanced our integrated payment solutions business with the acquisition of PayPros, and we have made significant strides in our integration efforts including, for example, by establishing a new leadership structure and combining our sales forces. This has already shown early wins.
 As expected, we also stabilized and delivered solid performance in our Canadian business and expanded our distribution in key markets in Asia and Brazil by adding new bank referral and technology partners. These results and our actions highlight the success in alignment of our business strategy with worldwide market opportunities. We approach each of our markets with significant global knowledge and capabilities, yet remain focused on leveraging our local expertise.
 We combined this approach with a disciplined capital allocation strategy. Over a 3 to 5-year cycle, we believe our model will deliver low double-digit cash earnings per share growth, including acquisitions and buybacks, driven by mid single-digit organic revenue growth and operating margin expansion.
 Now for quarterly highlights. We exited the year with strong momentum. Revenue growth for the quarter was 9% to $674 million, and cash EPS growth was 11% to $1.09.
 We are delighted to report that our North American business continued to deliver solid results in both the United States and Canada. The U.S. results were driven by strong performance across our direct channels, including the addition of PayPros. Canada delivered another quarter of stable performance in local currency, with 3% growth for both revenue and credit transactions.
 We were also pleased with the performance of our international business, reflecting solid execution across all of our markets, with particularly strong revenue growth in Spain and our e-Commerce channel.
 As we look towards fiscal 2015, I'm confident that we will continue to make progress on our strategic and capital deployment initiatives, building upon our direct distribution footprint and overall market presence. We'll remain focused on solving tomorrow's payment technology needs today by fulfilling our customer's needs and continuing to deliver scalable, innovative products and services.
 In addition, we continue to pursue a well-disciplined corporate development roadmap and have a strong acquisition pipeline of opportunities in the Asia Pacific region, Europe and the Americas that have the potential to augment our strategy.
 Finally, our Board of Directors approved an additional $200 million share repurchase authorization, further demonstrating our ongoing commitment to prudent capital management on behalf of our shareholders. 
 Now I will turn the call over to David. 
David Mangum: Thank you, Jeff, and welcome, Cameron. We're glad to have you on board. We're pleased with our momentum exiting the year and with performance across all of our markets in fiscal 2014. As anticipated, Canada's revenue grew 3% in local currency and network assessments annualized in the fourth quarter. Canada's revenue declined by 4% in U.S. dollars as a result of currency translation. U.S. revenue growth for the quarter was 9%, driven by transaction growth of 11%. PayPros performed as expected in the quarter and added 2 percentage points to total North America revenue growth of 7%. North America cash operating income grew 3% to $82.7 million and cash operating margin of 17.2% was about as we anticipated.
 International revenue grew 14% for the quarter in U.S. dollars. Europe delivered strong revenue growth of 16%, fueled by performance in Spain and from our e-Commerce business. Asia Pacific revenue grew 5%. International cash operating income grew 16% to $66 million, and cash operating margins increased about 60 basis points to 34.6%. As expected, total company cash operating margins for the year expanded by about 20 basis points to 19.5%, excluding the 2014 incremental security investment of nearly $17 million.
 We generated free cash flow of about $80 million this quarter and nearly $320 million for fiscal 2014. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distribution to noncontrolling interests.
 Capital expenditures totaled $20 million for the quarter and $81 million for the year. Our total available cash, including working capital, at the end of the year was a little over $300 million. And during the quarter, we purchased 2.9 million shares at an average price of $67.60.
 Now let's turn to 2015. We expect fiscal 2015 reported revenue to grow 6% to 8%, and range from $2.69 billion to $2.76 billion. We expect cash earnings per share to grow 10% to 12%, and to range from $4.52 to $4.62.
 We also expect core cash operating margins to expand by as much as 30 basis points in fiscal 2015.
 We expect North America revenue to grow at a mid to high single-digit rate, with mid to high single-digit revenue growth in the United States, and Canadian revenue growth in the low single-digits in local currency. We expect North America cash operating income to increase in the low double-digits compared to last year. We expect cash operating margins in North America to expand in 2015.
 As you know, one of our largest U.S. sales partners was acquired by another company in June. Due to the recent closing of this acquisition, our current financial expectations assume no change in the nature of our relationship with this customer. Importantly, if the nature of our relationship with this customer were to change during the fiscal year, we would not expect any significant effect on our fiscal 2015 expectations for North American operating income or total company cash earnings per share.
 We anticipate that international revenues and cash operating income will grow at a low to mid single-digit rate in U.S. dollars, including currency translation headwinds in certain markets. We expect international cash operating margins to decline modestly. International expectations reflect assumptions for mid single-digit revenue growth in U.S. dollars in Europe, with consistent local currency performances from Spain, the U.K. and our e-Commerce business, coupled with a tempered view of growth expectations for Russia, which represents less than 3% of total company revenue.
 We expect Asia Pacific to deliver mid single-digit revenue growth. We expect foreign currency translation to represent a modest headwind to overall cash earnings per share for the full year, and this is incorporated in our expectations.
 We expect our effective tax rate to approach 28%, and diluted weighted average share count to approach 70 million shares for the year.
 We expect the distribution of quarterly cash earnings per share as a percentage of annual earnings per share to be roughly consistent with that of fiscal 2014. And we anticipate that fiscal 2015 capital expenditures will total about $95 million. Including the additional share repurchase reauthorization of $200 million, we now have about $320 million of total authorization remaining for potential further share repurchases. And finally, we have about $900 million of capacity on our credit facility to fund future initiatives.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, David. We delivered strong results for fiscal 2014, with high single-digit revenue growth, improving margin trajectory and double-digit cash earnings per share growth, all in accordance with our stated business model. We are committed to driving sustainable growth in each of our markets and remain dedicated to creating value for our shareholders, partners, customers and employees. As our fiscal 2015 guidance suggests, we expect another strong year.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Jane. 
Jane Elliott: [Operator Instructions] And operator, we will now go to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Congratulations to Cameron and David on your new positions. And let's start with saying it was a good quarter. I guess, my question, though, is about your guidance. And as I kind of look at the revenue guidance, $2.69 billion to $2.76 billion, it seems relatively conservative given that it should include about, correct me if I'm wrong, about $75 million or so of PayPros revenues. So I guess, if I exclude that in the organic growth rate, seems to be a bit tempered in terms of your expectations. So that's kind of what my first question was with regards to it. If you can walk through sort of the ups and downs of how you arrive at your revenue assumptions? 
David Mangum: Sure. Ashwin, it's David, I'd be happy to. I think, you really need to pull all the pieces apart to think about how the revenue growth comes together without splitting hairs over PayPros specifically, you certainly can make your own assumption there. I would tell you, in aggregate, we feel very good about the trajectory of the company, the momentum heading into '15, that were on the model that Jeff described. We feel very good, obviously, about the 10% to 12% cash earnings per share growth to complement that in the margin expansion. With that as preamble. Let's talk about the pieces and recognize that when we go into any given year, we first start with the macro situation in all the markets we serve and start to begin to build the budget from there and think through how the pieces of macro affect GDP, which might affect the consumer, which then might affect FX or anything else that goes with that. And really, what I think you get when you come back to that total picture is really nice progress, consistent with what you'd expect from each of our markets. So let's walk through them specifically. PayPros add very nice revenue to the United States picture. Remember, the big channel there, ISO, continues to slow, which as you well know, is happy news for us at the margin line, and neutral news for us at the income line. So we're very happy to have the pieces of the U.S. revenue come together with great performance in the integrated business, married with slowing ISO channel and solid performance from the rest of the U.S. channels, all of which aggregates to mid to high single-digit revenue growth from U.S. In Canada, we're looking at low single-digit growth in local currency and then you get to the effect of currency, taking you potentially the wrong direction. Our range, obviously, always allows for currency in any given market, so you've got a couple of different pieces you've got to think through that will eventually affect your overall range about what you're asking a moment ago. When you bring all that together for North America, mid to high single-digit growth, because you accuse us of being a little conservative there, I won't say yes or no, but you do know the way we like to set our expectations here. We expect to hit them and have the potential to keep making progress over the course of the year. When you think about international, again, you think about the various pieces of the market, we're expecting consistent performance from all the assets you're familiar with across our international portfolio of business. That's sort of a mid single-digit growth kind of U.K. business. Same in a place like Malta. Maybe mid to high in Spain, which has consistently posted high single-digit growth and sometimes low double-digit growth in that market. Our Global Solutions e-Commerce business would be a strong double-digit grower, just as it did last year. Now with Russia, we have a tempered expectation, which reflects macro there, as you might expect. Macro is little bit challenged there. Obviously, we can all read the headlines, so we allow for little tempering there momentarily. And we bring those folks together, those assets together, you've got mid single-digit overall growth in Europe, a really solid mid single-digit growth in Europe. Asia grows mid single-digits as well, and that allows for low to mid single-digit growth in U.S. dollars across all of international. Again, that international allows for FX headwinds in certain markets. Right now, I think, we're going to be solid to perform across all of international. So you bring all the pieces together and you get to 6% to 8% revenue growth, which we think is going to be terrific performance fueling terrific earnings performance as well. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. I guess, my second follow-on question is operating leverage, obviously, a good thing, especially considering you guys are making investments in the business. So with that 30 basis points, is that something we should expect sort of get on out, if you will? Are you going to set a range here to say, going out multiple years, 30 to 50 is a good range to expect? Any color there? 
David Mangum: Well, I think, I'd point back to Jeff's prepared comments and think through the way we think about the model is over a midterm cycle, 3 to 5 years, solid revenue growth, earnings growth above that, particularly when you add in the combination of acquisitions and buybacks on the top of what would be core operating income growth above the revenue growth rate. That implies leverage, to your point. I don't know if we're going to parse a target for exactly how much margin might expand on an annual basis. But you're certainly seeing a sign of what we believe the model to be when you look at the overall expectations for 2015. 
Jeffrey Sloan: And just on top of that, Ashwin, as David described, we're not giving specific time periods. Our operating model, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a key feature of that is operating margin expansion, and we don't expect that to reverse. That's how you go from the organic revenue guidance to the earnings guidance that David laid out. The key functions of that model, therefore, would be, over time, increasing margins. And I think, you saw that in fiscal '14, and our guidance in fiscal '15 reflects that as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Koning with Baird. 
David Koning: And I guess, just 2 questions. My first one, you mentioned cash margins being up in North America year-over-year in fiscal '15. Is that primarily due to mix? Or should we expect some of the individual items to generate increasing margins across, I guess, ISOs and direct? 
David Mangum: Yes, David. It's actually, I guess, you think of it as both in that we expect our core integrated solutions business, so even pre-payPros, to continue to grow and expand margins as it has since we bought APT 1.5 years or so ago. Beyond that, same model for our direct business and our gaming business. We have the assumption of continued slower growth than we would historically recall with the ISO channel, which while not a margin enhancer, it's less of a headwind against the margin growth we expect from the core business. On top of that is a PayPros business, which we've talked about before, at what stage it came into the company. And over the course of this year, we expect it to be a piece of the margin expansion story as well, as they get integration straight and continue to make progress there. And then, your final element is we have a still stable, we believe, Canada in local currency. Now could FX move against this there to sort of give you a headwind there? It's quite possible. So it will track there. It's that the core stays stable, that mix of credit transaction growth spread that's been manageable for us for a few quarters now that, that continues. So if I boil down your question, it is mix because of the channels. But within that, to the point of the first part of your question, it's the individual channels themselves performing at or above expectations. 
Jeffrey Sloan: And I'd add, Dave, to what David Mangum said, that those investments in those channels, APT and PayPros being the most obvious ones, we're done with a point of view that it was very important for us to buy businesses that, by their own nature, had attractive margins that we could then grow beyond the corporate average. So yes, part of it, of course, necessarily, is the mix as these businesses grow and perform over time. But let's realize, going back to the target model, that we've made investments in businesses that were margin-additive to what our corporate goal was. So that part was very much by design. 
David Koning: Great. And just a quick follow-up. I think, you said PayPros added 2% to North America revenue growth. That would only imply something like $10 million or so of revs, and I thought we were around like a $25 million quarterly run rate? 
David Mangum: We are on that quarterly run rate as we exited. we can check a little bit of that math as we go to the pieces later tonight. But we are on that $25 million run rate, you're exactly right, David. 
Operator: Your next question comes from George Mihalos with Crdit Suisse. 
Georgios Mihalos: Congratulations, David and Cameron. Just wanted ask a question to sort of parse out the U.S. growth again. Outside of the ISO channel, are you seeing any of the direct business slowdown at all? Or is all the slowdown really coming from the ISO channel still? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, George, it's Jeff. I'll start answering that qualitatively. David, of course, will add additional commentary. We're not seeing a slowdown in the remainder of the businesses. When we look at our integrated businesses and now we're going to annualize PayPros, so we don't have annualization impact, those businesses are still performing well into the double-digits organic revenue growth, George, excluding any annualization impact. So we're not seeing a slowdown there whatsoever. When we look at our other direct businesses like our gaming business, in my opinion, those businesses are growing well north of where the market is for that type of business. And the same thing, I believe, is true of the rest of our remainder of our direct businesses in the United States. So we're not seeing a trend whatsoever in any way in our direct book in the U.S. 
David Mangum: Yes, maybe just a slight drill down, the traditional sort of bank-based referral business does not have a fundamental change in trajectory from last year or the year before, the year before that. So you are kind of left with more of a slowdown in the ISO channel, the wild horse numbers being a piece of that mathematical conversation as well. 
Georgios Mihalos: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And just as it relates to the operation in Russia, obviously, a small piece of your business, but the conservatism that you're looking at for 2015, I'm just curious, have you seen a slowdown in the fourth quarter of '14, and that's what's leading you to be more conservative? Or you just assumed it's going to slow down in the near future? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes. If -- we don't parse any growth rates by market, but I would say we had a solid Q4. But now, as we sit here in July, we're looking ahead 12 months of performance. And as I said earlier, when we start thinking about any market, whether it's United States or any other, we start with macro and say, hey, is there anything about which to be cautious as we begin the idea of how our transactions and volume are going to grow, going to be, where would we take market share, et cetera, et cetera. But one would certainly look up by thinking look at Russia and say, there are probably some macro challenges ahead of you there, so let's temper our expectations. That does not mean we don't think our acquiring business is going to grow in Russia. Our acquiring business we expect to grow in Russia. I'd probably stop there, frankly, for tonight. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Keane: Just a follow-up question on the U.S. market. If I say it's going to grow mid single-digits and I subtract $75 million from PayPros, I'm basically getting flat year-over-year revenue growth in the U.S. business. I'm just a little surprised by that. So maybe you can help me understand how that could be? 
David Mangum: We'd have to pull apart your model, Bryan. But I think, the mid allows for a big range of outcomes, lots of risk, FX in Canada, et cetera. At the end of the day, if you pull the pieces together, it wouldn't surprise me if you're higher than the bottom of that range and thinking about the pieces. And then, of course -- you're talking about U.S. only, not just Canada, I realize now that I'm thinking about the answer, I'm giving you the full segment answer. But the pieces there allow for how quickly can the ISO business move, which, as you know, if that slows a little further, big revenue number, no impact on earnings. So think about our range as accommodating all those outcomes, including that big channel slowing down a little more markedly even than we've seen in the past. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Bryan, I think, as David said, just to be clear, because I know we're conjoining U.S. versus Canada. So in the U.S., our prepared remarks are mid to high single-digit rate of growth in revenue in the United States. It's only when we blend in the Canadian business that low single-digit in local currency that you get to what I think you were just positing in terms of your question. 
Bryan Keane: Yes. I mean, if it's -- U.S. is -- I'm just on the low end of U.S., mid single-digits, if you subtract out PayPros, it looks like U.S. could, on the low end, be no organic growth or no revenue growth. That's the surprising piece. Does Comerica, in the dissolution or the break up of that alliance, is that having an impact there? And then, last question for me is just on international margins, I think, it's going to be down year-over-year in fiscal '15. Just trying to figure out what's causing that? 
David Mangum: Yes. Sure. So let's go back to the pieces again. On your core comments about U.S. and mid, wherever your math is getting you down in the range or below the range. Remember, that allows for further slowdown in the very big ISO channel, which would have no concurrent effect on cash earnings per share. So that's how we create that range and that range of outcomes with mid to high single. Do we expect to be at the bottom end of that? No, we don't do that any year, but we create a range for any number of risk factors. The primary 1 in the range about what you're asking would be how fast the ISOs perform? Do they grow much slower than we think? Do they decline in aggregate, which, again, frankly, doesn't matter from an earnings perspective, from a materiality perspective. On that same theme, Comerica doesn't matter for this conversation either. And so I just wanted to be very clear about Comerica, those of you who have seen the filing. It's not material to the company. To give a little bit of color to that, we had a 51-49 joint venture with Comerica Bank. We had 51% ownership of that. We have agreed with Comerica to split the joint venture. We'll retain our share, they'll retain theirs. We're currently working with them on the mechanics of the split. It's as simple as mechanics. So to boil that down and maybe to answer your question, Bryan, whatever the mechanics of that split turn out to be, it's not going to change our financial outlook for the year and it does not drive the growth rates for the company, much less for North America or for U.S. So let's set that aside and we go back to ISOs and some of the other pieces, the integrated businesses growing in such great fashion over the course of 2015, and that creates our U.S. and total company expectations. Now on international margins, which is the sneaky third question you managed to get in to this call. So a couple of things there. So we do expect it to be down modestly, and there are a couple of things involved in that. The first is we're expecting continued strong growth from what we call Global Solutions, which is the e-Commerce channel we operate, which operates at lower margin than the rest. And that has an impact in any given quarter, whether it be Q4 '14 or our expectation for fiscal 2015. We obviously have a tempered view of Russia, which has been a part of the margin expansion story over time. We certainly allow for currency at sort of the bottom end of whatever some of those expectation ranges would be, particularly in specific currencies like the euro or maybe the ruble, again, back to the macro commentary a moment ago. And we probably have another year of some moderate investment at the margin in Asia as we continue to build out the distribution channels there to try and drive the long-term growth of Asia as a bigger contributor to global, 2, 3, 4, 5 years down the road. So those are the big pieces of why we expect -- I think, our commentary is down modestly in terms of operating margins in international year-over-year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. 
Jason Kupferberg: I just wanted to start on the margin side. I think, you guys said it will be up as much 30 bps year-over-year in fiscal '15. But if we assume that you're getting, if my math is right, about 70 bps of year-over-year lift just from the absence of the $17 million in security costs from last year, what are the offsets against that? 
David Mangum: So Jason, I'm a little confused by your question. The security cost don't go away. In fact, they're growing in 2015, and we are covering them in other parts of the expectations. So the $17 million was not a one-timer, it was a new run rate for the company from a security investment expense. So as we pull the pieces together, we expect security to begin to scale like the rest of the infrastructure. But we will not scrimp on security. That means if it has to grow, and it's growing quite substantially next year, that means in other parts of the company, particularly in the infrastructure, whether it's accounting or any other sort of corporate area, those things need to scale to allow for that investment and/or we need to drive increased revenue growth. So the margin story really is a little bit back to an earlier question. You drive really nice progress in the U.S. to get a little bit of help maybe over the course of a year and late in the year at the margin from an acquisition, you have a stable Canada, you have these factors that take you back in international, even though you're growing revenue nicely, all-in, it comes together on top of a scaling infrastructure and you get approaching 30 basis points of margin expansion. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes. I think, Jason, the way I think about it is, in David's prepared commentary, there's 20 bps of margin expansion in fiscal 2014, excluding, for apples-to-apples purposes, the security increment. And that 20, Jason, compares to the 30. So that's how I take that rather than saying the 20 in 70 and all those other things. We're growing margin more quickly next year than we did this year, and that's how I think about it. 
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's helpful clarification. And just quick metric question. What was PayPros' contribution to U.S. transaction growth in Q4 there? I think, the total number was 11%. And then, just anything you can tell us about FX headwind for revenue for fiscal '15? 
Jeffrey Sloan: PayPros adds a couple of points if you create that 11%. And then, would you ask your second part of your question again, your sneaky third question as well, because you cut out for a second there. 
Jason Kupferberg: I copied Bryan, yes. The FX headwind on revenue for next year. I know you said a modest headwind on EPS. Is it similar for revenue? 
David Mangum: It is. And obviously, it starts with the revenue. But yes, it's a similar concept when you see the revenue in addition to the earnings. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Macquarie. 
Kevin McVeigh: Let me add my congratulations as well. Hey, you folks have talked about kind of low double-digit cash EPS over the course of the cycle. Can you just drill down on that a little bit? What are the components to buyback versus acquisition versus organic? 
Jeffrey Sloan: So Kevin, it's Jeff. I'll start on that. So obviously, as we said in the prepared remarks, it's over a 3 to 5-year period. So in any year, you could be plus or minus, Kevin, the targets. But I would say, in general, you look at mid single-digits organic revenue growth, then you add to that a little bit better mid single-digits operating income growth to try to get toward EPS. And that is the genesis of my comment around operating margin expansion before you get into M&A and the like. So mid single-digits organic revenue is better than mid single-digits operating income growth. Then in any given year, realizing it throughout the cycle, Kevin, I would say that it's probably around 2% earnings growth from buybacks in any given year, Kevin, and probably around 2% in any given year increment in year from acquisition activity in that year. So that's how I would think about it in terms of ranges. But you do realize that, as we've said before, when we balance corporate development pipeline by way of return, we very much think about what is the return from a buyback relative to the acquisition we're doing from an IRR point of view, and we also think about what's the return from an earnings per share accretion point of view. So to a certain extent, Kevin, I view that 2% to 4% as being not quite fungible but being tradeoffs in the context of acquisitions versus repurchase. 
Kevin McVeigh: Understood. And then, is it fair to say that's probably the type of range we have dialed into the '15 guidance as well? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, I think, it's fair to say that we're pretty much, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, pretty much right on that guidance for fiscal '15. Now of course we're only just into the fiscal year right now and these things, by way of acquisition in particular, Kevin, these things tend to come up during the course of the year. I did mention in my prepared remarks, we do have a very full pipeline, particularly in Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas, probably in that order. So we want to see how those play out throughout the course of the year, Kevin. So putting aside for a minute, you have that all in the bucket of the 2% to 4% area. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. 
Glenn Greene: A couple of questions. I guess, I just want to go back to the U.S. or North America revenue growth, but make sure I heard it right, are you sort of contemplating the potential for an ISO revenue decline within that guide, Dave? 
David Mangum: I'm allowing for continued slowing of the ISO channel. And yes, potentially, that could even put you in a place where those are tiny decline, absolutely. 
Glenn Greene: Which would imply, all else equal, better North America margins. And you sort of said somewhat up, but directionally, that would mean even more than directionally somewhat better than that? 
David Mangum: Just to reiterate exactly what I said, I said North America margins we expect to expand. And so I think, you're right in sort of inferring from that, that we expect progress there. And a piece of that is less headwind from the ISOs, no question about it. 
Glenn Greene: Okay. And then, maybe if you could just update us on PayPros integration efforts, how far you guys have progressed on that? And is it likely that we'll sort of complete that by the end of the year and have a sort of a clean slate going into fiscal '16, where we get sort of a full loan integrated payments business between PayPros and APT with a much improved margin profile exiting the year? 
David Mangum: Yes, happy to provide that. And let me just start by saying to the tail end of your question, the answer is yes. And I'll come back to that in a second. We're actually really pleased with the integration to date. I think, we noted in Jeff's prepared comments, the leadership team is in place. We've moved quickly to do that. We have a very solid integration plan for the technology, the platforms and the products and how they'll come together over the course of primarily this fiscal year. From a reporting perspective, sort of metrics and what happens in the corporate office around accounting and HR, I'm feeling very good about those pieces. We brought the employee base into the manner in which we operate and pay, which is always an important thing to do when you bring an entrepreneurial type company into a corporate environment, how do you keep that spirit while bringing them into the corporate fold, all that really being managed very well by the core PayPros leadership team and our existing APT leadership team that's come together very, very nicely. To go to the most important part of that, which is really the second part of your question. As we look at this year, we've got a lot of work to do. I don't know that we'll exit '15 finished with everything. But we will be in terrific shape from a product, bringing 1 product to market, 1 platform and 1 set of customer-facing technologies to each new customer at that point. We already have 1 face to the customer from a sales perspective and it's going great, we have 1 very, very large win you've already seen just a few weeks ago. So I do believe, to your point, when we exit the year, whether or not every little bit of integration is finished, we won't be talking about integration anymore. We will be talking about a company really growing nicely and really contributing even more to the margin story we're expecting from the United States in North America. 
Glenn Greene: Okay. And can I squeeze one more in here? 
David Mangum: Sure, why not? 
Glenn Greene: Yes, why not. I sort of -- I guess, I appreciate the sounds like various conservatism around the globe in terms of revenue growth and some people have asked around these questions. But are there any specific customer dampening growth losses or books of business that are coming off your portfolio, is it dampening revenue growth or is it just sort of more bits of conservatism here and there, you had some Russian headwinds, some FX headwinds? I don't know if you get the gist of my question? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes. I think that, first off, the answer is no. There's nothing specific, no challenges, no problems. I think, we're in our usual mode. It's the beginning of the year. We're going to get ready. We have 12 months ahead of us. We take a look at all the markets, other than the specific ones I've called out a little bit earlier, which are really currency around the globe here and there, a little bit of tempering in the market with some macro challenges right now. There's nothing specific beyond that. And we expect a really solid FY '15. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 
James Schneider: First of all, on the PayPros, I was wondering if you could give some color on, for fiscal '15, how you're thinking about the growth rate of PayPros specifically off the base of the run rate you're at today? And then, as you exit the year, how big you think the integrated channel is going to be as a percentage of total sales? 
David Mangum: So Jim, this is David. I would sort of parse PayPros and sort of link it to APT to answer the first part of your question and come back to the second. We think, each of these 2 businesses are solid double-digit, mid-teens top line growers for the foreseeable future. So the core PayPros business is right in line with that. We actually think, to go back to Glenn's question, we can perform, when we put the 2 really together, with the right technology and product, plan and execution, maybe we can squeeze out a little bit more growth from that over some period of time. So the core PayPros that comes into global matches the core APT really beautifully. The verticals don't overlap, but they're both growing at this really nice double-digit range. So think about that as you head for your model for 2015 and beyond. I don't believe I'm going to parse the revenue lines enough to give you exactly what piece of the company is going to be integrated payments come '15. But I would say, if you think about the math, which you know PayPros when it came into the company a little less than 2 years ago -- I'm sorry, excuse me, APT when it came into the company a little less than 2 years ago, now PayPros just a few months ago, and then, you think about the growth rates, I think, you have enough in front of you to realize that it's already a really big piece of the company and it's a really nice fast-growing defensible channel that's going to help us, Jeff said a moment ago, drive that margin expansion in and out of North America that we're expecting in the model for the 3 to 5-year timeframe we're talking about. 
James Schneider: That's helpful. And then, just as a follow-up. On the M&A pipeline, you've talked about different potential deals in Asia and EMEA in the past, can you talk about where we might likely see a deal first come to fruition? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, sure. So what we said, in particular, in Asia, since we started there, Jim, is there are 3 countries in Asia that we're not in directly today that we would like to be. And those are Australia, South Korea and Japan. And where we end up in those markets is really a function, as I said before, about what types of partnerships are available and what those returns look like. But I would look to those 3 as to where we've been spending our time as it relates to Asia. Second in Asia, there are markets that we're already in that we feel like we need to be bigger in because we don't have enough scale. And I think, what we've said before is in particular, India, Mainland China and Philippines, are 3 markets where we are physically present today but we don't feel we have enough scale to accomplish the goals that we have as a company. And in those markets, we're also looking continually to expand our existing footprint. We've been able to do that today organically. But we do believe, and our model suggests, that we do have to augment that through inorganic partnerships, which is what we're trying to affect. When were those things happening and the timing of those things are really a function of who the partner is and what the returns look like, but that's where we're spending most of our time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. 
Andrew Jeffrey: So we've seen a lot of change now in the integrated channel or the direct channel, obviously, your acquisitions, and then, Vantiv going after Mercury. Could you just talk about sort of the competitive environment? There was a lot of momentum behind the ISPs, and it sounds like that's at least partially why you're feeling pretty sanguine about North American profitability, recognizing the ISOs slowing down, too. How do you kind of think about the long-term competitive environment? How do you differentiate yourself in the direct SMB business, and ultimately, a year from now, do you think ISPs continue to blend up the profitability of your business all else being equal? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Andrew, it's Jeff. So what I would say is we've been extremely happy with the growth rates, the spreads, and really, the retention rates and the lack of attrition in the integrated channel both in the case of APT in the 1.5 years that we owned APT, as well as in the case of PayPros in the quarter, a little bit more than a quarter that we've owned PayPros. And to be here sitting here today, I don't really see that changing all that much. I think that the key thing in those businesses, the key thing in that business, Andrew, is that we're in about 40 different vertical markets between APT and PayPros, and it's what is your value proposition, I believe, in those markets, in those vertical markets that we're attacking. So as you probably know from our Investor Day, when we talk about APT, which we owned at the time, it was very much geared toward dental, veterinary, auto repair, those types of markets. PayPros, as David alluded to, very complementary, didn't overlap all that much. And that's primarily geared towards self-storage. And of course, there's joint win that we've announced about a month ago in rentals, which David was alluding to, which of course, is in the auto channel where both really had a presence. So I think that the answer initially to your question is, what is your value proposition in that go-to-market vertical channel? And I think, as APT and PayPros have been able to show, we're very good at those vertical markets and we think we have differentiated solutions in those 40 channels that we've been alluding to. That's kind of point #1. Point #2, how do I think over a cycle, not really in the next 12 to 24 months but in a cycle that, that may evolve. I do believe, with those acquisitions, as well as with the partnership with CyberSource, which we announced 2.5 years at this point, I do think we're becoming more of a technology services company. And I think, you've seen this in us, and I think, you probably have seen this in some of our peer's announcements, at the end of the day, the mode of differentiation, I think, for us in our business going forward is not going to be the type of device that something resides on, but instead, the value of the software we're providing as a service. So to go back to my commentary around APT and PayPros and integrated, it's very much a re-catering to the specific needs of the dentist office, of the pharmacist in the case of health care, of the auto repair shop in the case of the auto dealer, and do our applications address their concerns. Well, part of doing that is be very good at differentiated service solutions. And I think, over time, that's going to become more of a technology play and a software-as-a-service play. But as I look out, I think, that's going to be a mode of differentiation for us rather than what type of device is fueling the means of acceptance. I think, we like to think about our business, Andrew, especially in that channel, as largely device agnostic. And that's how we think about delivering our value. I think, the last thing I'd say, Andrew, on the mode of differentiation is our ability to do a cross-border. So you've seen from us the announcement with APT that we brought that functionality into Canada, and in particular, we've native-ized, for example, with Interac in the Canadian marketplace. That's very different than having, Andrew, a customer in the U.S. that wants to do business in Canada. Instead, our APT product is designed for Canadian customers with a Canadian business, of course, in Canada. So I think, our ability to bring that kind of service functionality, not just as a solution to 1 market, but as a solution to multiple markets where the language reflects the nature of those markets, the certifications reflect the nature of those markets, is a very important point of differentiation. So as I look 3 to 5 years out, I would say our ability to bring those models around the world is really one of the ways that we're going to win. And I think, we've seen it initially with us in Canada with APT. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. That's very helpful. And with regard to the international acquiring business, it sounds like that continues to perform very well. Are there initiatives to expand that, either geographically or is there additional partnerships? How should we think about that? Or is that just going to be -- is that going to continue to just benefit from nice organic growth the way we've seen it in the last couple of years. 
David Mangum: I think, it will still look to all of us, Andrew, like an organic grower. But it does have its own dedicated sales team. Actually, its own dedicated product team for that matter, too. To your point, we think about either different flavors of partners or crossing different borders with these e-Commerce transactions. So some of the enhanced growth or expanded growth we've seen in the last year comes from existing customers growing their own businesses organically and delivering pieces of that growth to us. Some of it came from existing customer routing a little bit more volume our way. And some of it, a small, but growing piece, comes from net new sales we made a year ago beginning to come into the base. And we would expect the quota-carrying sales force there to continue to keep adding net new customers to that solution in '15 and beyond. You raised a great point, we really like the performance of the top line growth and we'd like to see more of that cross-border traffic rolling through, and hence, we've got this dedicated sales force focused on doing just that. 
Jeffrey Sloan: I'd add to that, Andrew, that if you look at the changing regulatory environment, particularly in the EU market, I think, our view and the ability to take our solutions cross-border in a relatively seamless way is a very important mode of differentiation of what we're trying to accomplish. So the footprint that we have in those markets where in many cases we're doing business there already, our ability to offer 1 seamless solution as rates come down starting in calendar 2015 and ultimately thereafter through EU regulation, we're finally starting to see over some period of time SEPA probably come into effect by way of regulations and network action. And I think, whether it's through our international acquiring business or otherwise, I think, we're well-positioned to capture share as those costs come down from merchants. 
Operator: Our last question will come from Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Sorry if I missed this, I just want to ask on the ISO growth slowdown, is that broad-based or was it driven by a select few ISOs? And I know you get this question a lot, is the slowdown you think just law of large numbers or is there some secular issues going on as well? 
David Mangum: Yes, Tien-tsin, it's David. I think, the slowdown has been going on for some time. I guess, as a reminder for everyone on to call to start, it is broad-based, perhaps almost by definition. But the channel overall is slower than it was 2 years ago, much slower than it was 4 years ago. When we look at it, it certainly feels like part of it have to be the law of large numbers, very large amount of revenue, very large amount of transaction. I think, though, it's inescapable, when you look at the mix of business we operate to not conclude at some level that we're placing capital investments and organic investments in channels we expect to grow for the short, medium and long term. That growth has to come at the expense of something else across the market. And so, I think, you can conclude from that, we believe firmly in the channels which we're investing that growth is coming potentially at the expense of some of these other channels. Are there other channels that may be slowing as well across the market? Perhaps. We don't see them necessarily within the portfolio of businesses we operate, but I think, you can conclude from that sort of a potential view, not necessarily a purely analytic view, of how another factor in that the slowdown of that overall ISO channel. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Sure thing. Just follow the capital. Just on the Asia Pac side, the revenue did step down a little bit sequentially. What's going on there? Anything unusual? 
David Mangum: Well, we have 1 large customer who had a product launch that affected Q3 that obviously the launch itself doesn't repeat itself in Q4. Beyond that, there really isn't a whole lot going on. I think, as you know, the Asia business is one where we're still focused on continuing to invest and drive the growth we can while focused on what else can we do from a distribution and an acquisition standpoint to enhance that growth in the future. So the business kind of is operating at a certain level right now. We expect it to improve over time. But beyond that 1 customer, not a whole lot of one-timers, anything like that, operating inside the business. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. Last one and I'll let you guys... 
David Mangum: You get 3, too, huh? 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes. Sorry, David. Hey, man, it's your last call as CFO, I'll give you 1 more easier one. So in the long-term, we like you guys setting out that long-term guidance, I think, it's nice to have that. So I just want to clarify, for this year's EPS guidance, are you assuming buybacks in that number in the EPS range or not? I wasn't sure. 
David Mangum: Yes. So I'm glad you actually mentioned that because I think it's a great thing to clarify at the end. Buybacks, to-date, the buybacks we did last year, obviously, are in the guidance. We are assuming no future buybacks, no potential future buybacks. With the current $320 million remaining authorization, our expectations for cash earnings per share assume no additional buybacks out of that authorization. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: All right. Very clear. Congrats on the new title, and Cameron, welcome to the earnings circuit, man. We'll talk later. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks very much. I look forward to it. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Well, thank you very much, on behalf of Global Payments, for joining us this afternoon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-04-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead. 
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2014 Third Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour, and joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman; Jeff Sloan, President and CEO; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO.
 Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings, including our most recent 10-K and 10-Q. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call, and we undertake no obligation to update them. 
 In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures, such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. And for a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed earlier today. The press release is also available in the Investors Relations area of our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. 
 Now I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We delivered solid results for the quarter, growing revenue by 7% and cash earnings per share by 10%. As a result, we are raising our annual fiscal 2014 cash earnings per share expectations and tightening the range to $4.06 to $4.11, or 11% to 13% growth. 
 Our performance demonstrates that we continue to gain momentum as we drive sustainable growth by executing the right strategies in each of our markets. Globally, we focus on building and growing our direct distribution channels while concurrently leveraging our worldwide technology platforms. 
 Here in North America, for example, we are pleased to have completed our PayPros acquisition in early March. This transaction marks a continuation of our strategy to pivot toward direct sales channels in our largest market. I'm delighted to report that we are already seeing early wins as we begin to integrate the best of the APT and PayPros businesses. 
 Now for quarterly highlights. We are pleased with our international performance, reflecting solid execution on our strategic initiatives, with particularly strong performance in our international e-Commerce channel. We also continue to make progress in our Asia business as evidenced by the double-digit revenue growth that David will describe shortly. 
 We are delighted to report that North America continued to deliver solid results both in the United States and Canada. The U.S. results were driven by strong performance across our direct channels, headlined by our integrated solutions business. And, of course, we are very pleased with recent sales momentum in our gaming business and the movement of our integrated businesses into Canada. 
 Canada delivered another quarter of stable performance. Revenue growth was driven by 5% credit transaction growth and assessment-based changes. As previously noted, these changes will partially annualize during our fourth quarter. 
 Especially noteworthy this quarter is the expansion of our North American operating margins. We believe our margins demonstrate successful execution of our distribution strategies. This progress, of course, does not yet reflect the consummation of the PayPros acquisition given its March 4 close date. 
 Now I will turn the call over to David. 
David Mangum: Thank you, Jeff. We are pleased by the solid business performance across all of our markets during the quarter. North America revenue grew 5%, with U.S. revenue growth of 6% and transaction growth of 6%. Canada revenue grew 11% in local currency for the quarter, and we continue to expect mid to high single-digit revenue growth in local currency for the full year. 
 North America cash operating income grew 9% to $69 million. Cash operating margin grew about 60 basis points over prior year to 16%. Our full year expectations for North America cash operating margins remain unchanged at flat to slightly increasing compared to prior year. 
 International revenue grew 10% for the quarter in U.S. dollars. Europe delivered solid revenue growth, with particular strength in our e-Commerce business and Spain. Asia-Pacific revenue grew 10% over last year, with pricing and new assessments driving growth in our base business.
 International cash operating income of $66 million grew 8%. Cash operating margins decreased about 60 basis points to 35% as a result of continued strong growth in our e-Commerce channel and investments in Asia. We are on track for stable cash operating margins in international for the full year.
 For the quarter, total company cash operating margin was 18.2%. This included over $3 million of an expected full year $17 million incremental security spend. Excluding the security spend, total company cash operating margin for the quarter would have increased about 30 basis points over prior year to 18.7%. 
 Currency trends were roughly in line with our expectations for the third quarter. However, movements in rates for Canada and Russia are likely to be more challenging in the fourth quarter than we previously expected. We now expect that foreign currency translation will represent a modest headwind to cash earnings per share for the full year. Our expectations, of course, reflect this. We continue to expect that both GAAP and cash effective tax rates will approach 29% for the full year. 
 For fiscal 2014, we expect PayPros to contribute modestly to U.S. revenue and be about neutral to cash earnings per share. We are in the beginning stages of executing an integration plan for PayPros that will continue through fiscal 2015.
 PayPros represents an important milestone in the execution of our strategy to control direct sales, expand technology-enabled distribution and drive more revenue and earnings growth from our direct channels. As growth slows in our ISO channel and we add PayPros to the mix at the beginning of the fourth quarter, our 90 or so active ISO partners in the United States now represent, in aggregate, a low double-digit percentage of total Global Payments operating income and, thus, contribute about 20% to North American operating income.
 We generated free cash flow of $88 million this quarter. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. 
 Capital expenditures totaled $20 million for the quarter, and we continue to anticipate our fiscal 2014 capital expenditures will total about $90 million. Our total available cash, including working capital, at the end of the quarter was about $320 million.
 During the quarter, we completed the $100 million accelerated share repurchase program we announced in October of 2013. We also purchased 155,000 shares in the open market during the quarter. We are pleased with the refinancing we closed at the end of February. We now have about $1 billion of debt capacity available to fund future growth initiatives and share repurchases. And on that note, we are delighted to announce that our Board of Directors approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $250 million. We now have about $365 million of total authorization remaining for potential further share repurchases.
 We are increasing our annual fiscal 2014 cash earnings per share expectations and tightening the expectation range to $4.06 to $4.11, reflecting 11% to 13% growth over fiscal 2013. We are maintaining our annual revenue expectations of $2.51 billion to $2.56 billion or 6% to 8% growth. We remain on track to achieve stable total company cash operating margins for the fiscal year, including the negative effect of the $17 million incremental step function in security spending. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, David. We are executing well on our strategies around the world, and we maintain substantial capital flexibility to achieve our goals. We believe that we have made the pivot toward critical mass of direct distribution while maintaining a careful balance to create value for our shareholders, partners and employees. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Jane. 
Jane Elliott: Thanks. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And operator, we will now go to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from George Mihalos with Crdit Suisse. 
Georgios Mihalos: Just wanted to start off on the PayPros side, sort of what is the expectation from a revenue standpoint in the fourth quarter? Are we talking somewhere around $25-or-so million and sort of neutral on an EBIT basis? 
David Mangum: George, it's David. Yes, you've got it right. If you recall our disclosure at the time we closed, we gave you kind of the run rate the last 12 months of being about $100 million of revenue. So $25 million is a perfectly good assumption for Q4. And then you get to earnings neutral when you think of a nice solid business with nice margins. But we're in the beginning stages of a long-term integration to combine the best of our APT and our PayPros now into the best of Global Payments. So when you wash that in for the fourth quarter, you've got about earnings neutral for the quarter. 
Georgios Mihalos: Okay, great. And just maybe you can help us think of the margin profile longer-term for the PayPros business. And is it safe to say that x the PayPros acquisition for 4Q, that margins would clearly be up on the North American side? 
David Mangum: Yes. So, George, I'm going to sound like I'm repeating myself relative to what we said on the order of a year ago when we first bought APT, which is we've just bought a business that operates at a higher margin than Global Payments, that is expanding that margin with profitable growth and is the same kind of growth profile we saw with APT. When you bring the numbers I just described into the total company for the quarter, they really don't make a material difference at all to margins. So the trajectory you have us on for the year for North America for total company, so for the year for North America, that's flat to slightly increasing margins, it's unchanged bringing PayPros in. So anything you would have had in your model previously really for Q4 can kind of roll that forward. PayPros is not going to make a big difference to that. And similarly, for the total company, at that level, they were expecting stable margins in total and margins that would otherwise be expanding were it not for the security investment. PayPros doesn't make a big difference there. The difference of PayPros comes over the years to come. 
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Keane: I just want to ask about the Russia situation. I know you guys have some exposure to Russia and, obviously, with the political landscape the way it is, just curious to know if you could talk a little bit about your Russia business, how big it is and any expected impact. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Bryan, it's Jeff. I'll start and then David can provide some additional financial commentary. So I think you touched on the right point. I do believe that what's going on in Russia is primarily a political event. And with political events, it is difficult to handicap what may happen in the coming days and weeks. We continue to monitor Russia and evaluate the business situation. But you just heard David express our guidance raise for fiscal 2014, which, of course, includes our current evaluation of the Russian situation. So we don't expect, as David mentioned in his prepared remarks, this situation to have a material effect on fiscal '14. David, do you want to add some? 
David Mangum: I think all I'd add to that is just, remember, Russia is a fast-growing -- is a very small piece of Global Payments overall. 
Bryan Keane: Have you guys actually seen any impact on the Russia business so far or nothing to date? 
David Mangum: Well, I think what I'd say, I'd point you right back to our full year expectations. They're unchanged. We've obviously done the best we can to assess what's going on, but our expectations are unchanged. 
Bryan Keane: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask on the U.S. business, the growth rate, 6% was kind of in line. But anything -- any kind of sales -- same-store sales weakness that you saw, anything you can describe further to give us color on the U.S. market? 
David Mangum: Yes. I think it's a great question and kind of interesting when you pull apart the pieces as you add in PayPros and think about it. I'd first point you to 6% revenue growth was matched by 6% transaction growth, which, if you think of the history of Global Payments, is really quite an interesting combination of metric and dollars. We used to see really rapid ISO growth that would drive high transaction growth and then have a big delta between that and the actual revenue growth, much less the actual operating income growth you might see coming through on the bottom line. At this stage, in terms of same stores and some of the other metrics, average ticket's very stable, spread's stable, transaction is growing like revenue. What you're seeing, and part of why we sort of enhanced, for the moment, the way we're talking about the way the channels work and fit together, is nice, fast-growing, direct revenue channels coming in like APT and as we add PayPros. At the same time, the ISOs are slowing down, which is when you combine that with Canada, it's what's allowing to see the operating income growth and the margin leverage you see in the third quarter from North America. 
Operator: Your next question is from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. 
Jason Kupferberg: Just a follow-up on PayPros. The color in Q4 is helpful, but how should we be thinking about it on kind of a go-forward basis annualized? I mean, what sort of cash EPS accretion can we see from PayPros? 
David Mangum: Jason, it's David. Obviously, we're not going to talk about 2015. So we're not ready to project PayPros. I'd tell you the way to think about it, again, is a nice margin business coming into Global Payments. Add to that, though, integration costs while we try and create, again, the best of the assets we have. We obviously expect it to be accretive, but it will be -- whatever that accretion will be will be held down a bit by integration costs but more to come as we get to July and really talk to you about 2015. 
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And then Mercury has obviously filed to go public here. So they've got some public disclosure out there now about their contractual relationship with you guys and indicating that they're migrating some of their processing services in-house. Can you just clarify for us what exactly they're taking in-house versus what you guys are going to continue to provide to them? I think your contract runs through 2018. Is there any kind of material revenue headwind we should be starting to think about at some point in time from the piece that they're migrating in-house? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Jason, it's Jeff. I'll start. So the first thing I'd say is we think it's very good news that Mercury is going public. We wish them a lot of success. They are a very good partner of ours and have been for a really long period of time. And as part of the partnership, we're only going to be successful if they're also successful. So I think you touched on one of the key points, which is, and we mentioned this last July in our prepared remarks, that our contract and our relationship with them has been extended through 2018, which is, of course, in their documentation. So we are going to have a very strong long-term relationship with Mercury based on what you mentioned and based on what we've described. And as between the two of us, we're providing both transactional as well as non-transactional services for Mercury through that period. Over what period of time and in what form is going to vary depending on what they would prefer to do and what we would like to do. So some of that description is in the S-1. I also would add that our relationship with them is not just in the United States but also in Canada. So we're actually in multiple geographies with Mercury. So from our perspective, it's a complex long-term relationship. We're going to be partners for quite an extended period of time. And our relationship with them, of course, is reflected in David's prepared remarks around our guidance for fiscal 2014. David, would you add any? 
David Mangum: No, I think you summarized it. 
Jeffrey Sloan: So we'll see how it plays out. But we're very excited for them, and we're sure they'll be very successful. And we think that's ultimately to their benefit, as well as ours. 
Operator: Your next question is from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. 
Glenn Greene: A couple of clarifications on some of the discussion that the guys have been asking. The first on the full year guide. I guess some of the questions I have been getting are you sort of include -- I just want to think about the full year guide. So including $25 million or so for PayPros, it sounds like there are some incremental FX headwinds. I think, David, you called out Canada and Russia. Could you just give us some context of why you didn't raise the full year guide? Is it just so that you're sort of still within the high end of the range? Did anything slow in the core business? I guess just a little bit color on how you thought about the full year guide given the fact that PayPros should be additive. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes. And, Glenn, let me make sure I answer your question precisely. That's a revenue guidance question? 
Glenn Greene: Yes. Exactly. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Okay. So here's the way to think about it. I think as a starting point, I'd go back to the commentary on the United States revenue. The ISOs, as a channel, have been slower this year than in previous years and, frankly, admittedly, a little slower than we expected. Given that slowdown, which, of course, is happy net news to Global Payments when you think of where we're performing from an earnings and a margin perspective, but given that slowdown in revenue, one might have wanted to model us toward the lower to middle end of the revenue range. When you bring in then the increment of PayPros, you're adding on the order of an estimated $25 million or so, leaves you still within the range. And then you've raised the right final point to this, which is our range always is designed to accommodate possible range of FX outcomes. Certainly, as we enter the quarter, we see the U.S. dollar strengthening further against the Canadian dollar and against the ruble than we would have expected 3 months ago, much less 9 months ago, when we first set up the year. So if you bring all these things together, you end up, really, with the same range you had before, again, I would say, for a number of happy reasons, quite frankly. 
Glenn Greene: Okay. That's clear. And then to follow up on Jason's question as it relates to Mercury, I'll sort of talk about the ISO business. I guess you sort of talked about the ISO business, for most of this year, has been slowing, largely through the law -- due to the law of large numbers. Is that the primary factor? Or some of it -- that Mercury has already transitioned some of their volumes in-house? I guess the question we're all trying to get our arms around is not necessarily on fiscal '14 because we know that's sort of been baked into your guide. But is there like a big headwind we should be thinking about as we go into '15 and '16? 
David Mangum: Well, I think the way to think about this is what we've been saying. The ISO is a channel. You think of the sheer size and the sheer amount of revenue and transactions that comes from them have been slowing down. That's true across, as I said in the prepared comments, our broadly 90 or so active ISOs. That's the right way to think about the ISO channel. We gave you the rough sizing in aggregate of the channel. That sizing is spread across 90 different active -- literally active ISOs. And so I would think about the channel in that way. Anything else would be a little bit of speculation as to how relationships evolve and what the future looks like, and we'll report that to you as we go along, as we reach milestones in those certain things. But right now, we have what we know, and that's baked into our expectations for '14. 
Glenn Greene: Would you -- one more. Would you be comfortable giving us the ISO percentage of North America or aggregate revenue, along with the operating income disclosure, which was very helpful? 
David Mangum: Yes. It's actually not a matter of comfort. For me, it's a matter of I'm not sure how relevant it is at this stage. I think the income is far more interesting. I certainly think the way we perform this year indicates to you what we're managing to is the income and, hopefully, as a result, the margin impact of all of our various channels around the world. The fact that we might have some grossed up revenue, quite frankly, in some cases, might not even help if you think through how the channel's evolving over time. 
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Roswell from RBC Capital Markets. 
Matthew Roswell: Yes, I was wondering if you'd be willing to give us the Asia-Pacific transaction growth. You mentioned that it was up on pricing and assessments. 
David Mangum: I don't have that in front of me. We really aren't quoting and breaking out the markets other than in the U.S. where that important comparison of transactions to revenue growth is rolling on. I would say to you, transaction growth is certainly less than revenue growth in Asia because that revenue growth in the base was a feature of pricing, along with some new assessments from the networks. So you're on the right track, but we're really trying not to break out, market by market, each piece of transaction growth. 
Matthew Roswell: Okay. And then I was wondering if you've seen any change in the Canadian consumer, concern about possible slowdown up there? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Matthew, it's Jeff. No, we have not. I think if you look at the credit transaction growth, which was in my prepared remarks for this quarter, and then if you look at the last several quarters that we've described, we had very healthy growth this quarter in Canadian credit transaction growth, which, in our view, really is a fundamental sign of the health of the Canadian consumer. And that is obviously -- the last several quarters were obviously significantly higher than it was 1.5 years or 2 years ago. So I would say, if anything, we see a consistent, stable performance out of the Canadian consumer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Huff with Stephens. 
Brett Huff: Question on margins going forward. I know there's lots of levers that you guys have been able to work on, both from a mix point of view, and I know you're consistently working on the expense base and the more efficient technology. And I don't -- I think -- I guess it's a question for you, David. I'm not sure. But can you just give us a highlight -- we know about the security spend, but maybe you could tell us -- remind us again. Is that -- I don't think that's a step function up again next year. I think it's a run rate. But beyond that, what other initiatives do you have going on that we should think about that help you guys battle that ISO dilution on the margin other than just that, that growth is slowing a little bit? 
David Mangum: Sure, Brett. Great question. So you're quite right about the security spend. We expect our security investment to scale now like the rest of the infrastructure. In any given year, as we go into the year, the infrastructure departments, whether they're accounting or they're IT, receive a budget target that says, "You're supposed to scale -- your cost per transaction has to go down year after year after year." We're not going to skimp or scrimp on security spending. But with this onetime investment increment we saw in '14 will not repeat itself as another big giant investment increment. And in fact, the way we think about it now is if security's the #1 priority for the company, which it should be, then maybe that stands in front of another investment we would have otherwise made as we think through the pieces of 2015, '16, '17, '18 and beyond. If you then stop for a moment and sort of think through the other drivers of margin, I would point you to -- although you mentioned it and wanted to set it aside for a moment, I would go back to the ISOs. To the extent they continue to grow more slowly, that reduces the headwind we've been struggling against for several years, quite frankly, and that's helpful. And remember, too, we just bought PayPros, which again is coming in as a higher-margin business pre-integration costs but then will scale, no doubt, routinely from thereon in, just as we've seen APT do over the last year or so. And then probably the final piece of the puzzle that's a little difficult to see on the surface of the income statement right now is really Canada, which -- to the extent we continue to see what Jeff pointed out a moment ago, which is healthy credit transaction growth, this past quarter was 5%, and as I've said before, manageable spreads, now you have your second biggest asset helping it and helping push the company forward from an operating income and a margin perspective. That's an important distinction we're seeing for the first time this year in some time, and we would expect that trend to continue. Again, as long as those credit transaction growth numbers remain healthy, we have a nice piece of the puzzle. 
Brett Huff: That's helpful. And then just another question, on the Caesars deal, can you size that for us at all or more color? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes. It's Jeff, Brett. We really don't break out, as a matter of policy, separate customer relationships financially. I would tell you that, as you know, for the last several years, as we've announced publicly, we already had a piece of the Caesars business. So it's additive to what we currently had. But I can't really give you a lot of metrics around the revenue or profitability, except that it's additive to our current book. 
David Mangum: Maybe I'll add a little color only in that you can read other [ph] disclosure out there and suggest to you that all of the services encompassed in other [ph] disclosure are not services we perform necessarily. We do some of that through our partners. So the numbers you might have seen bandied about are not the appropriate numbers for Global Payments. The services we offer link to what Jeff just described, so just bear that in mind. And having said that, we're thrilled to expand our relationship with Caesars. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Dugan with Sterne Agee. 
Jennifer Dugan: I wanted to ask about the acquisition pipeline. I know that it's probably a funny question after you've made these couple of really great acquisitions here. But should we be looking for you to slow down a little bit as you work on integration and focus more on buybacks? Or do you still have a pretty active acquisition pipeline? 
Jeffrey Sloan: No, we still have an active acquisition pipeline, Jennifer. We balance very carefully our acquisition investments versus our balance sheet, our debt capacity and our repurchase work. So as David announced in his prepared comments, we have $1 billion of available debt capacity and roughly another $300 million of available cash, as he described. So I wouldn't look at it and say that because we've done deals like PayPros or APT that we don't have sufficient available capacity. In fact, one of the reasons we worked on our very successful refinancing in February was to make sure that we have debt capacity to balance those going forward. So it's a very full pipeline. We're opportunistic. But I do think the additional repurchases authority that we described in our prepared remarks gives you an indication of how we're balancing investments in acquisitions versus investments in repurchases. And I think as we said previously, we have a very good track record of consummating those repurchases over time, and that's what I would expect us to do. 
Jennifer Dugan: Okay, great. And then in terms of the next acquisitions or joint ventures, are those more likely to be here in the States or overseas in Asia? I think we're still kind of waiting to see some more action in expanding the Asia footprint. What might the timing be on that? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Well, that's a great question. So as I said before, Jennifer, the majority of the battle is whether something is available for sale first; and then second, is it a good partner; and third is what would the returns look like, especially in comparison to repurchasing more stock. So I would tell you that we have a very active pipeline as it relates to Asia, which is the source of your question. We are certainly actively looking at markets in Australia and South Korea that we are not currently present in and in markets that we are present in today that we'd like to be bigger in. Those include India, Mainland China and the Philippines, and we're in each of those markets and we'd like to have more scale going forward. So by far, the most important thing is, is it available? But those markets I indicated, we're very actively looking at transactions in. And so I think we said in our January Investor Day at that time, we had looked at 55 transactions over the previous few years and I think we had done 3 at that time. So that gives you a sense just in terms of your handicapping, Jennifer, that it's hard to give you precise dates because we tend to walk away from 95% of the things that we see using the criteria that I mentioned. But we are keenly focused on expanding our footprint. And we'll balance that versus repurchases to generate better returns. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: The -- I'm glad you gave that ISO disclosure. That's great to have. I'm just curious, the slowdown that you guys talked about, anything specific in there that drove the slowdown maybe this quarter? And also just looking ahead, thinking about U.S. transaction growth, how should we benchmark that to say whatever Visa, MasterCard metrics or some of the other industry numbers out there? Can we still assume you can grow at a premium, even with the sort of ISO trend? 
David Mangum: Tien-tsin, it's David. I think that I can't point to any one thing, which is part of why I think we often talk about the law of large numbers relative to the ISO trends. I can't find you any one specific thing when we analyze, again, the 90 or so and how the pieces are coming together. I think as you look forward and you think of the businesses we're processing for APT and for PayPros married to the rest of our direct book, it's fair to expect those businesses to transact at a higher rate than market. They're doing that today. They're growing faster than market, whether you want to measure that on a revenue, income or transactional basis. We obviously don't break it out, so you can't see it. But I think you can imagine it's implicit in some of the numbers we report. And that may be some color we need to keep thinking about as we go forward as the ISO trend continues. 
Jeffrey Sloan: I would just add to that, Tien-tsin, that, of course, our gaming business, with the announcement that we made the other day, which we're very pleased to have additional business with Caesars, our gaming business, we believe, today is growing more quickly than market. And hopefully pro forma with Caesars in it, we expect those rates to continue. So back to David's point, as you look at the various pieces of engines of growth that we've been investing in, at least in my opinion, those businesses are growing in excess of the relative market rates. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. That's good to know. I'm just trying to think if that's -- if we're sort of closer to the bottom with the 6, and it feels like with PayPros, we would be, but I guess we'll take a view on that. On the -- just as my follow-up, just thinking about Canada pricing outlook, I think both, Jeff, you and David said spreads are fine. I know that the comps are coming up, but how is the pricing outlook or spread outlook look in Canada now? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Tien-tsin, it's Jeff, I'll start. So those spreads have been relatively stable. So we're very pleased with where the business is situated today. The most important thing in my opinion, Tien-tsin, is as we referred to in our prepared remarks, 5% credit transaction growth, which is a vast majority of how we get paid in Canada, really provides a lot of opportunity and flexibility for us to grow that business normally going forward. So as we said before, going back to our Investor Day in January of '13, our focus really was on stabilizing Canada. As we've said in our guidance, we don't expect 11% local currency growth in revenue to continue indefinitely. And in fact, as I mentioned, the fourth quarter we anniversary that a bit. But if we start with mid-single digit credit transaction growth, there's a lot we can do to effect the low single-digit revenue growth outlook long-term that we gave you in January of 2013. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay, that's good to know. One more quick housekeeping, if you don't mind. Unencumbered cash at this point now, given I know there's buybacks and PayPros closed March 4 I think you said in the Q. What should we use as encumbered cash? 
David Mangum: Yes, use $318 million, Tien-tsin. If you just take a look at the balance sheet, it's a little bit illusory in that we had there staged cash for the PayPros close. We're drawing down the debt, so it looks like 660-or-so in the balance sheet. So if you realize that 3 or 4 days later we closed PayPros, the number at the end of the quarter unencumbered available that you might add to the debt for total capacity is $300 million. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Macquarie. 
Kevin McVeigh: You really had a nice boost to the buyback. Any sense on another accelerated or opportunistic -- just how we should think about that capital being put to work over the balance of this year? 
David Mangum: Yes, sure, Kevin. So I think -- it's David -- I think that you should, as always, expect us to be routinely in market buying back stock. But I think we've shown you that we move aggressively when we do deal with an authorization. When we move forward -- make the decision to buy back, we buy back aggressively and quickly. So nothing should surprise you as we roll forward. Just remember, for everyone on the call, all the 2014 expectations exclude any spend of that incremental authorization. 
Kevin McVeigh: Got it. And then just in the ISO channels, over the course of time, do you have any targets in terms of where that ultimately settles as a percentage of operating income, as you kind of consolidate PayPros and APT in aggregate? Any sense of how we're thinking about that longer term? And is there any type of sensitivity to what it would accrete to from a margin perspective based on becoming less concentrated, if you will? 
David Mangum: Yes. I think in reverse order, the key to the margin is just, in the first place, having less of an ongoing headwind because it's growing -- because the ISO channel formerly grew faster than the rest of the channels. That's made a lot of difference, obviously combined with a healthier Canada. Those 2 alone are sort of the linchpins of then having the rest of the pieces of the sort of asset allocation pie really work well together. If you think about the longer-term trends, we're going to continue to focus on direct distribution and things we control at the merchant relationship level. We're going to continue to focus, we believe, then on the higher-growing pieces of that asset. How the curves work and at what rate ISOs move, interestingly enough, we don't control. We hope our partners are wildly successful in that things continues to grow, they continue to grow for a very long time. But they will become, we believe, an ever-shrinking piece of the overall pie of Global Payments. Hopefully you got a sense of their place in the pie now. We're comfortable with where they are now in terms of being the minority of North America and the significant minority of total company. So we have the pieces we can manage much the same way Jeff described, being able to manage Canada. If we have solid credit transaction growth, we have things we can manage in Canada. Where the ISOs are now, they are great partners. They're a good piece of the overall portfolio of Global Payments from a direct perspective that we're investing in other high-growth assets. So that curve should continue down in terms of their overall share. At what rate depends on how quickly we grow and how quickly we acquire. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Kwok with KBW. 
Steven Kwok: Just a quick follow-up on the PayPros acquisition. I was just wondering how long does it typically take for you to integrate the acquisition? If we look back at APT, how long did that take? 
David Mangum: Maybe I'll start, and Jeff will take over as well. I think that these are very different acquisitions. APT, a little over 1.5 years ago as we sit here, was our first material foray into integrated payments. Now we bought another market leader in the same space. We have a unique opportunity to combine the best of both, whether you're talking about sales channels and sales approaches, how we go to market, how we serve customers, how customers see the technology, how the dentist offices interact with the technology, what it looks like, how our partners integrate with it. So that creates a more complex integration. Again, you're taking 2 $400 million acquisitions, combine them into the best, of wanting to try and make 1 and 1 equal 3, Steven. And so that can take a little bit longer than when you buy a stand-alone business, and you're really talking about integrating accounting and finance and HR, which can be done fairly quickly. So we've got a lot of work in front of us. It's work we've done before. It's work we're quite good at doing, and we've got great energy and we're off to a great sales start, as you heard in Jeff's prepared comments from the combined entity. But there's a lot of work to do. And recall, we just closed this almost exactly a month ago. 
Jeffrey Sloan: I would just add to what David said, Steven, that APT was one of our existing ISOs at the time. So by definition, while there are things certainly to be done, they were in general -- it wasn't entirely true, but it was mostly true, that they were on our platform using our systems, et cetera. PayPros is not one of our existing ISOs prior to our acquisition about a month ago. So in addition to everything that David said, we also need to look at that when we think about the scope and the timing on an effected integration. 
Kevin McVeigh: Got it. And then just a follow-up around the European environment. Today we saw some headlines around the European parliament voting around the payments proposals. Was curious around your thoughts of any potential impacts, whether it's -- does this bring some potential opportunities around the European marketplace for you? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Steven, it's Jeff. I would say -- and I was just there for about 1.5 weeks visiting our people and our partners in both in the U.K. and in Continental Europe. I would say that it's consistent with our thesis that in many of our markets including for these purposes, Europe and the EU, that interchange is likely to come down. So much of that legislation, of course, is addressed more squarely at interchange or, in particular, cross-border interchange. I think that is a -- not just consistent with our thesis but good news for us. As costs of acceptance decline, the demand for our products and services should increase. The fact that we are in a number of markets across Europe makes our technology and operating environment even more attractive to potential merchant partners because many of these rates, as you described, are expressed as cross-border. So we already have that experience and have those people in market to drive additional demand for our products and services. And then lastly, I would say that from an M&A pipeline point of view, I think change is a good thing. But I think the market's changing and the additional complexity may drive a number of partners who we've been talking to, and potential partners, to think about partnering with us in some of those markets that we've been focusing on over time as they try to think about what these changes mean for their stand-alone businesses. So while interchange is a pass-through for us, it doesn't impact us, certainly bank partnerships, it will impact the banks' issuing businesses. And those are conversations that we have when we were there in the last 1.5 weeks. So I'm probably a bit more optimistic sitting here today, having been through, first, that trip, but second, reading about where the EU is and where Visa is on that topic about our ability to find more partnerships in parts of Europe that we're not physically present in today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom McCrohan with Janney. 
Thomas McCrohar: Can you give us your view on how the ISO industry will evolve over the next several years, given merchant acquisition, merchant underwriting appears to be migrating quickly to technology providers, either tablet solution providers like Square and ShopKeep, or the integrated point-of-sale providers such as accelerated PayPros and Mercury? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Tom, it's Jeff. So of course, I think you hit the nail in the head. We, of course, share that thesis. So the last $850 million of acquisitions that we've done at the company were in PayPros, APT and CyberSource, in that order. And the common thing among the 3 was technology-enabled distributions with additionally attractive margins. So we obviously share the thrust of what you described. I think at the end of the day, if you look out 3 to 5 years from now, Tom, I think that mobility and tablets and integrated solutions are certainly going to be a very big part of what the industry does globally, especially here in the United States. But I think there's always going to be a market for traditional ISOs in that business. I think you are likely to see additional business models evolve over time where the quality of the application matters as much as what tablet device that you're selling. So I think for us and our peers becoming more of a software, I think we've already become a technology services company today, but becoming more of a software provider, where it's important that we have our own proprietary applications to drive acceptance at the point-of-sale. I think our business model incorporating not just transactional or basis point fees, but also incorporating software-as-a-service type fees as an addition, are all very important things for us, our partners and the ISOs to do in our business. But I always think that there's going to be a good business for what our ISOs, our 90 active ISOs do today going forward. Now as David described, I think that will be a very healthy viable business. But I do think there may be impacts around the rates of growth in that business. So if you go back to what we've described this quarter and prior quarters, where we're investing, where I started out in the answer, is in areas that we think, because they're technology enabled, have better-than-market rates of growth. And I would answer it as that's where we see the growth, the incremental growth, coming from. But there will still be growth in the ISO businesses. But I do think that those will be slowing, and that's in fact what you've seen in the last 3 or 4 quarters as we've been describing our ISO business in our earnings calls. 
Thomas McCrohar: As a quick follow-up, can you, Jeff or David, just give a quick update on your relationship or partnership with ShopKeep and how that's progressing? 
David Mangum: Sure. I'll talk about that, Tom. So we're very pleased with our partnership with ShopKeep. We've deployed ShopKeep here in the United States. And I'd add, beyond that we have tablet providers as well as mobile and dongle providers, in some cases our own, in many of our markets around the world. So it's really a U.S. conversation with ShopKeep, but it's a worldwide conversation as it relates to our own dongle in 5 markets in Asia and as it relates to our partnerships with Intuit and PayPal mobile, for example, in the U.K. So ShopKeep is a very important element of that. We are selling that through our own website here in the U.S. And we're very pleased with how that's progressing. But to go back to your first question, I think that will be part of the solution, but I don't think that will be the only solution if we look out 3 to 5 years in terms of how we distribute our products going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: You guys provide a lot qualitative detail on PayPros and the integration. Could you quantify perhaps what it means in terms of specifics with regards to what should we expect in dollar terms over the next 12 months? 
David Mangum: Ashwin, it's David. It's hard to be a lot more specific than we've been. So let's start with how we think it's incrementing into the fourth quarter, and then we can speak a little bit more about the characteristics of the asset itself. So we talked about is on the order of $25 million of incremental revenue coming in for fourth quarter, and we have it for the bulk of the quarter. We've talked about it coming in earnings neutral as we get started owning the asset. That includes the idea of integration expenses offsetting fundamental profitability in the business that operates at a higher margin than Global Payments in total. As we go forward, we expect that margin to increase certainly over the longer to medium-term. And I appreciate you giving me an opportunity to give a longer-term answer to this question. Over the course of '15, we'll have more integration expenses, continue to operate the business. You have a double-digit revenue grower at higher margins than Global Payments, again, pre the integration conversation and at margins we expect to expand over the next 1, 2, 3 years. So quite frankly, what we expect is something that performs quite like APT did, come in as a nice grower, enhance the growth when we combine the best of the 2 businesses in the Global Payments, enhance it again and drive incrementally stronger and stronger margins over time. Again, and to go back to something Jeff just said a moment ago about our thesis, technology-enabled distribution growing faster than market with sustainable competitive advantage. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Could you also talk about the outlook for traction of products like DCC? Can that continue to be a tailwind? And what else is there in the pipeline that you can sort of keep adding to that? 
David Mangum: Yes, sure. So maybe building on, Jeff described, increasing software applications. Jeff described the tablet applications that may reach other types of merchants over the longer term either directly or via partnerships. You mentioned DCC. It's a great example. DCC to this day is still not fully rolled out in all of our markets around the world. It's been very successful, as you well know, in Asia. It's been very successful in Spain. It's just starting out in North America. It's just starting out in the United Kingdom, for example. So that's an opportunity, more installment payment plans, an opportunity. Web-in-a-box solutions for small to medium-sized merchants around the world, an opportunity we're just rolling out right now. As you know, we have, we believe, untapped opportunity in e-Commerce in our own customer base and really in our target customer base around the world of small to medium-sized merchants. And if you were to go around market by market, we think there's opportunity in each market for new products specific to each of those markets. Finally, I think I might add to that, although it's not a product, certainly given the breadth of our solutions and our scope across Europe, fundamental change -- interchange and cost structure of Europe from an interchange in a regulatory perspective [ph] is an opportunity for a company like ourselves, which has both domestic presence but the ability to go cross-border as well. And then as you well know, we see significant growth in our e-Commerce solutions over partnering with other folks like PayPal around the world. So more and more of that to come. And then other network solutions are coming to market that should create broader acceptance for some of the networks that aren't Visa and MasterCard over the medium to longer term as well. All of that to be rolled out in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom over the next year or 2 as well. 
Operator: We will take the last question from Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust. 
Andrew Jeffrey: David, I guess the first one would be housekeeping for you. As we think about cash EBIT margin in North America, accounting for PayPros, do you know what  the annual or what the quarterly amortization add back might look like? Have you gotten that far yet? 
David Mangum: No, we really haven't, Andrew. In fact, having just closed it, we're just getting started on what the purchase accounting analysis will look like. So I really don't have a number for you for that one yet. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. But suffice to say, it's not dilutive to margin in any way, right? And you've been pretty clear about that. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Right, again, we tend to focus on the cash margin. So on that front, yes. When you add in whatever purchase accounting is going to be when you get to GAAP, that's the part that I can't answer right now. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Right. Okay. And integration, are you going to call that out or is that going to be part of your sort of just all rolled up into your report as cash segment EBIT margin? 
David Mangum: Yes, a couple -- let me draw a distinction here because you raised a really good question. The general sort of T&E and things like that, the odd consulting and things like that, those are the kinds of integration expenses that are going to hold down the incremental cash profitability of PayPros initially as we go through the integration process. Let me park that for a second. The other side of integration, the severance and those kinds of things, that will be called out as one-time charges. 
Andrew Jeffrey: Got it, okay, so ongoing sort of works its way in your reported results. 
David Mangum: Yes, and thanks for allowing me to clarify that. 
Andrew Jeffrey: And then, Jeff, you mentioned in your prepared remarks reporting integrated solutions, rest of world, I think what you said was Canada specifically. Could you elaborate on that a little bit just as far as market structure and whether there are any investments or go-to-market changes you might have to make to gain traction with integrated or more direct solutions rest of world? 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, it's a great question, Andrew. So we announced the other day that we had entered Canada with our APT integrated solutions offerings. So the answer to your question narrowly, and I'll come back more broadly in the thesis is, yes, we had to do a fair amount of customization for APT's product suite, for example, for EMV, which, of course, is coming to the United States on October of 2015 but already exists today in Canada. We also had to make adjustments to the APT product suite for Interac, which, as you know, is specific to Canada and is a big chunk of the Canadian market. But that type of debit is very different here in the United States and different in other markets. So if we go back to the way we described APT at our last Investor Day in January of 2013, we think -- and really our business case was predicated at the time around capturing a lot more of the U.S. market. And as we said, we believe we were less than 10% penetrated in the revenue opportunity of the U.S. market at the time. We probably also said that we're far less than 10% penetrated at markets outside the United States, Canada being the most obvious adjacent market and was very important to us strategically, although not for the business case but strategically to expand that business outside the United States because we think we're early in the U.S., but we believe we're very early in markets outside the United States. So we've had folks selling into the value-added reseller and enterprise software channel in all of our markets for probably a couple of years now, including in Canada. So we know that sales proposition can be very attractive in those markets. But we didn't have some of the product suite that we needed to offer world-class products and services into those new territories. So the importance of APT going into Canada is not only do we already have sales in that market, but now we have something to sell that we think is sufficiently distinctive that it should drive additional growth, revenue and profitability. So I know that our folks at APT and our folks at Canada here at the company are very excited about doing that. We, of course, are also looking at other markets around the world including Europe, Asia and Latin America, to see whether those markets are next now that we've brought APT into Canada. So to a certain extent, we're very pleased with how we're doing with APT, as you know. But there would be a bit of shame on us if we had looked out 5 years from now and we didn't take that model and do everything that we could do given our multi-national [ph] footprint outside of our home market. 
 Thank you very much, operator. And thank you for everyone for dialing into our third quarter earnings call on behalf of Global Payments. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-01-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Marie Elliott - Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations and Chief of Officer Staff Jeffrey S. Sloan - Chief Executive Officer and President David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Marie Elliott: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2014 Second Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour and joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman; Jeff Sloan, President and CEO; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K that could cause actual results to vary. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, January 8, 2014, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website, www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Jeff Sloan. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We delivered strong results for the quarter, growing revenue by 8% and cash earnings per share by 15%. As a result, we are raising our annual fiscal 2014 cash earnings per share expectations by $0.05 to a range of $4.03 to $4.10 or 10% to 12% growth. We are pleased to confirm that we remain on track to achieve stable total company cash operating margin for the full year. This performance demonstrates that we are executing the right strategies to drive sustainable growth across our regions. Now for quarterly highlights. I am delighted to report that North America continued to deliver strong results, both in the U.S. and Canada. The U.S. results were driven by strong performance across all channels, headlined by our integrated solutions business. Canada had another quarter of stable performance with 5% credit transaction growth and low-single digit spread declines on a comparable year-over-year basis. In addition, Canadian revenue benefited from assessment-based pricing changes. We are also pleased with our international performance, reflecting strong execution on our strategic initiatives in all our markets in Europe and Asia. Now I will turn the call over to David.
David E. Mangum: Thank you, Jeff. We are gratified by the strong business performance across our markets during the quarter. North America revenue grew 6% with U.S. revenue growth of 6% and transaction growth of 8%. Canada revenue grew 11% in local currency for the quarter and we now expect a mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth in local currency for the full year. North America cash operating income grew 6% to $78 million with cash operating margin of 17.4%. Our full year expectations for North America cash operating margins remain unchanged at flat to slightly increasing as compared to prior year. International revenue grew 12% for the quarter in U.S. dollars. Europe delivered solid revenue growth in all markets with particular strength in our e-Commerce business, Global Solutions, and in Spain. Asia-Pacific revenue grew 10% over last year, driven primarily by strong transaction growth and successful product launches from our largest customer in the region. International cash operating income of $70 million grew 12% with cash operating margins increasing to 37.3%. We continue to expect stable cash operating margins in international for the full year. Currency trends were generally in line with our expectations for the quarter and we continue to expect foreign currency effects to be about neutral to a slight headwind for cash earnings per share for the full year. We continue to expect both GAAP and cash effective tax rates to approach 29% for the full year. For the quarter, our total cash operating margin was 19.4%. This includes over $4 million of an expected full year $17 million incremental security spend. Excluding the security spend, our total cash operating margin for the quarter would have been 20.1%, an increase of 30 basis points over last year. We generated free cash flow of $91 million this quarter. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Capital expenditures totaled $21 million for the quarter and we continue to anticipate our full year capital expenditures will total about $90 million. Our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the quarter was $280 million. During the second quarter, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase program for $100 million which we expect to complete by the end of the third quarter. When we complete the accelerated share repurchase, we will have $125 million on our current authorization for potential further repurchases. As a result of our strong performance, we are increasing our annual fiscal 2014 cash earnings per share expectations by $0.05 to a range of $4.03 to $4.10, reflecting 10% to 12% growth over fiscal 2013. We are maintaining our annual revenue expectations of $2.51 billion to $2.56 billion, reflecting 6% to 8% growth. We are on track to achieve stable total company operating margins for the full fiscal year. This includes the negative effect of the $17 million incremental step function security spending in the current fiscal year. And now, I'll turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you, David. We are executing well on our strategies around the world and we maintain substantial capital flexibility to achieve our goals. Jane?
Jane Marie Elliott: [Operator Instructions] And operator, we will now go to question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Dan Perlin with RBC.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I wondered if you could just elaborate a little bit on what the dynamic is that's playing out in Europe. I know you mentioned Spain was strong and your e-Commerce partnership there, but I'm just wondering if you could provide maybe something a little more detailed in terms of the dynamics that are building in that region.
David E. Mangum: Sure, Dan. This is David. Europe is an amalgamation of a number of markets and services that actually are all performing about on our plan for the year, so we're pleased about that. If I walk through them one by one, maybe that'll help a little with the color about what you're asking. I mean, it's headlined by the largest single asset there is our United Kingdom business, which is a mid- to high-single digit grower. It's growing in a very solid fashion, delivering very nice profit, had a good second quarter. On top of that, or with that actually comes our multi-business, which goes hand in hand with the United Kingdom. In Spain, we continue to see, what, from the surface, is probably just remarkable growth, double-digit revenue growth. We think we'll do high-single for the year in Spain. Right now, we're running a little bit ahead of that. We had a very strong first quarter as you'll recall with the DCC product driving a lot of tourist space revenue in Spain over the course of that quarter. So Spain continues to move along, given the remarkable partnership we have with CaixaBank there, the marketing they drive to this asset and then just really good execution in that business overall. In Russia, we have a terrific, sort of secular adoption acceptance story, going with high-teens growth, mid-teens growth quarter-after-quarter as we continue to see more and more Russians transacting and more and more acceptance of merchant locations around the country. We do have a Global Payments Europe business, which is our indirect business, which is performing right on its expectations for the year. That's never going to be a fast grower, as you know. When you bring all those pieces together, you're sitting right on the edge of high-single-digit growth in Europe, double-digit, depending on the quarter, and that's before we talk about Global Solutions, which is our e-Commerce platform, which is growing very well this year. Recall we have one large customer in that whom we service all around the world, with the exception of the United States. But in addition, we've added 40, 50, 60 customers to that platform in the last year, so much smaller than our lead customer, so we continue build out the volume on that platform. So when you bring together a big asset like U.K., running the mid- to high-single digits and operating at -- right at its plan, solid Spain asset growing double digits, nice growth in Russia and then marry that to an e-Commerce platform that's growing in the double digits as well, you have really, really nice performance overall in Europe.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, and the U.K. growth, is that more a function of pricing opportunities that you've identified or is that just kind of cyclical rebounds in volumes?
David E. Mangum: Well, there's always pricing in every market we serve that's helping from time to time or about flat, depending on the timing of which period about which we're discussing. In the U.K. alone, credit is solid in terms of the metrics. Debit is very solid, and we've added some very nice new customers over the last year or so.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I'll ask one more, even though I'm going go over my allotted 2. Are there any kind of proof points that you can kind of talk to about this partner of choice that's really provided incremental growth, in particular, in this quarter or something you see coming down the pipeline?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, Dan, it's Jeff. I'll start and David can add as well. We really don't get into specific customers and how they translate into revenue and profit in a given period. I would say, as we think about partner of choice, it's really a few things. First, when you think about the announcements we made around mobility and the ecosystem we've built, and we've announced this in prior calls, in this fiscal I believe, with people like PayPal on mobile, Intuit on mobile, O2 Telefnica, et cetera, I don't think we would have them as customers if we weren't an incredibly good partner, and the nature of those relationships really varies in terms of what we provide to them based on who the partner really is. So I think you can look at each one of those as a very good example about the success of our partner of choice model. Second, I think we're a very good joint venture partner, and David discussed rightly our terrific performance in Spain with Caixa at -- or [ph] our Comercia business. And while that transaction is a number of years old, I don't think we have that kind of performance in a market like Spain, which, as you know, has its macroeconomic challenges and that kind of execution without a very good relationship and partnership with a terrific partner at Caixa. I think those are 2 examples how partner of choice really translates into something distinctive for Global Payments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird.
Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, just looking at the model for Q3 in the back half of the year, I think typically EPS is down about mid-single digit in percentage terms sequentially and I just want to make sure that there's nothing that we should be aware of in Q3 this year that, that trend wouldn't hold.
David E. Mangum: No. Tim -- this is David, there's nothing new or different about trends. As you know, I often like to talk about how to think about the quarterly flow based on what percentage of full year earnings does each quarter contribute. And that, as we sit here today reporting to you on Q2, is unchanged in terms of our view of what Q1, Q2, Q3 and then Q4, what each of those will contribute toward the $4.03 to $4.10 range that we've now established with the raise today. And as you know, that looks an awful lot like the distribution we saw in each of FY 2013 and FY 2012.
Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then just on Canada, another good quarter there. Is there a way to give us a little bit of a bridge between maybe transaction growth and then what you're seeing just from a pricing perspective and then maybe a market share perspective?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. I'll start, Tim, and David can add additional color. So as we said in our prepared comments, we saw mid-single digits credit transactional growth year-over-year in Canada and very low-single-digit spread declines in that market. That is a pretty good raw indicator of what that business is doing on a normalized basis without some of the network pricing actions that have taken place over the last period of time, which generally gets added on the assessment side to our revenue stream and then of course, in some cases, we have margin on top of that. So one way to think about how is that business really in a normalized environment is our prepared remarks of mid-single-digit credit transactional growth, which is mostly how we get paid, coupled with low-single-digit spread declines is a good way to think about it relative to the low-double-digit local currency revenue growth that David cited in his comments.
David E. Mangum: Yes, and to add a little more color maybe, those are the very dynamics we've been discussing to you guys probably going back 4 quarters now that, to the extent we see manageable spread declines married to our traditional transaction declines, we -- again, I used the same words twice, we have a very manageable situation in Canada. And so we continue to see those solid metrics right now, and that would then be the outlook from here on as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roman Leal with Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, on the capital allocation efforts, it's good to see another round of buybacks. But just help us think through what the next step is in terms of -- you're always kind of, I guess, balancing what you see in M&A opportunities versus buybacks. Anything changed in that dynamic at all?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: No. Roman, it's Jeff. So we have, as David mentioned in his prepared comments, 2/3 of $1 billion of available capacity today between cash on hand that is available, coupled with existing financing capacity. So I would say nothing's changed there. We obviously generated a lot of free cash flow in the quarter, which also helps. So with that kind of firepower, there's really no change in our capital allocation philosophy. I would also say that we view our M&A pipeline as being full, which it has been for a period of time, and we intend to continue with the same kind of capital allocation in terms of strategies that we shared with you and the public previously.
David E. Mangum: Yes. I think, Roman, just to put a fine print on a couple of those pieces, you're quite correct. We think the first and best use of the capital -- the excess capital is global expansion. We continue to look at that and as Jeff said, we have a full pipeline. Let us get through the current accelerated share repurchase, which closes this quarter and see where the pipeline stands and see what we're going to do next. But I think we've certainly shown you over the last 12 to 18 months that when we talked about buybacks, we're committed to doing them on an ongoing basis and committed to doing them as a core part of the strategy married to M&A. So let's first come back with -- to you with more communication, but let us close out the current ASR.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as a follow-up, Jeff, recently, I think you articulated maybe a slight change in the type of M&A deals that are in the pipeline. I think the kind of phrase you used was we're not looking only for home runs, we're also looking for those singles and doubles and more kind of technology-oriented M&A deals. Is that a change of just the actual deals that are available or is that something that you are constituting [ph] because you just see that the distribution and technology makes a lot more sense than maybe another -- other sorts of distribution channels?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, thanks, Roman. We're always looking, of course, for grand slams, not just home runs and doubles. But I appreciate what you said. So I think the answer is we feel very good, for example, about our transaction with APT, which we announced in August of '12 and closed in October of '12 and we've owned it now only for over a year. So very comfortable with how that's performing and I do think that's given us a perspective that's slightly different in our business than it may have been historically, as we feel very good about making transactions and investments in that area. And if we could find more of that type of thing, given our experience with APT, of course we'd be very open-minded about it. I would say also our business is changing as an industry. So this isn't just APT or experience in that area. I think as you've seen over the last couple of years the importance of technology to our business, the importance of preserving our role in the financial intermediation of what we do, the importance of expanding in geographies that we're already as David said, as well as additional geographies that are attractive that we're not in today. We've mentioned before, for example, Australia, South Korea and Japan, as 3 examples in Asia. Those are all important to us for filling our strategy. And I think we recognize, as our business changes, that not every deal going forward in this environment is going to look exactly like every deal that we've done historically over the last 13 years as a public company. So first, I think it's comfort level with what we've done, in particular with APT, and deals like that and second, an acknowledgment that our business is changing and we need to make those investments to get ahead and skate to where the pop [ph] is going to be in our business in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about, first, transaction growth in the U.S. Looked like, what, 8%, I think I heard. So can't remember the last time it was in the single digits. Is that cyclical or something else going on there?
David E. Mangum: Tien-tsin, it's David. It was 8% for the U.S. You heard correctly. It was 9% last quarter, so we're right where we were before. I think what you're seeing, and this is a happy piece of really how the U.S. North America are coming together, business slowed down from the ISOs. And as you well know in the face of income statement, that's not a bad thing, particularly when you've got other assets, our integrated payments assets headlined by APT growing very nicely, expanding margins, et cetera. So that 8% is really quite consistent with where we were last quarter. And even exiting last year was only 10% in Q4, so we're right in line with where we were.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So that's going to be into cyclically or from a structural standpoint, in your mind?
David E. Mangum: Only in my comment about really what works out to be a happy thing for us in aggregate, which is the ISO channel will going to be a little bit slower. At the same time, our direct integration -- integrated payments space assets are growing very well.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. Got it. And then just on the EPS revision, just wanted to clarify, I heard the margin commentary, no change. And then the revenue guidance, no change there. So the guide -- the -- what's the $0.05 comprised of, I suppose, is what I'm asking?
David E. Mangum: Yes. I mean, so let's walk through that a little bit and I'll give you probably far more color than you actually want. First off, I'd suggest that we all think about the $0.05 -- there's a bit of an illusory component to the $0.05 in that it's actually a little bit of a higher increase than you might think when you look beneath the covers. With the recent upward movement in the share price, we now expect our accelerated share repurchase, the one we announced last quarter, to probably deliver $0.01 less in earnings per share than we announced last quarter. That's really given, again, the fact that share prices moved from $50 roughly when we announced this on the 1st of October up to, and you'll see in the 10-Q we filed about 0.5 hour ago or 1 hour ago, the average price of our repurchases so far has been below $55. And of course, yesterday the stock closed nearly $65. So when you think about that, first off, we're really happy to have executed that in an accelerated fashion. But second, the only downside to that, and this is a very happy outcome, is that we'll likely only see $0.04 of incremental EPS instead of the $0.05 we announced. So we think of this as a bit of a $0.06 increase just for business and operating purposes. So if you then talk about, "What are the components of this?" our performance in Q2 was right about where we expected. We're getting nice performance in Europe, as I'd sort of outlined a little bit and answered to Dan's question. We saw Asia kicked back to a higher revenue growth rate than we've seen in the past. And yes, some of that is with a large customer and a product release but that doesn't that customer is going away next quarter necessarily. It just means you won't necessarily see the same huge uptick. So really, it's about business performance and having the increments relative to our expectations be just a little bit north of where we were a quarter or so ago. So we're really happy, quite honestly, with where we stand and it is these components: Canada executing well, Europe executing well, Asia executing well, U.S. executing well. So you pull all that together and, quite honestly, other than, a little bit of increased earnings, we think we have the same outlook we have, whether it's margin at a segment level, international versus North America, or the total company level that we had just a quarter ago but we're rolling through this year pretty well into about the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Credit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I wanted to start off on the margin front, specifically in North America. You reiterated your outlook for flattish margins year-over-year there. Yet over the back half of the year, you're going to have a bigger headwind from FX in Canada. So maybe what's performing a little bit better than your expectations to allow you to reiterate?
David E. Mangum: Yes. So George, a couple of things. One is, and I'd point back to your first point, FX is not wildly different from what we thought when we started the year. It's a little bit worse in Canada as you might imagine, especially given the recent movement. But it's not wildly worse than we might have thought. So first note that the headwind created by FX when you translate that Canadian growth into U.S. dollars is not maybe as bad as you might think from the outside looking in. If you then marry that to -- we've got a U.S. business where the ISOs are a little slower than we might have thought. We get a little bit of help there from the margin line and then we've got, again, these integrated payments businesses that are a little ahead of what we might have thought at the start of the year. The end of that sort of happy mixture is -- we're right on track for what we thought even with FX being a hair worse than we might have thought going into the year from a Canadian perspective.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just second question for me, looking at APAC and the good growth that you saw there. You called out the successful launch from your large partner there. What would the growth rate have been x that partner? Or maybe another way to ask is, how should we be thinking about growth now over the back half of the year?
David E. Mangum: I would think about it as -- but first, you know we're not going to pull up the growth of any specific customer. But know that, that customer obviously isn't large enough to be a factor for something on top of the growth. We've seen, I think, a very solid recovery towards solid metrics in Asia overall over the last quarter or so, so it's performing fine and then this extra growth from the large customer is kind of the cherry on top.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And then long term for APAC, there's no reason that business should not be able to drive double-digit growth. Is that safe to say?
David E. Mangum: We don't believe there's any reason to believe otherwise. We have a mixture of markets there that includes some relatively mature markets like Taiwan, a little bit of Hong Kong to that as well, all the way to the other end of the spectrum, but really, early stage markets that should grow well over time as we improve our distribution across the region. Those will be your Indias, the Chinas, a little bit of Philippines. We do need, as you know, to round out our distribution capabilities across Asia but our expectation is that, that's a fast grower for a very long period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up. On the ISOs, the slower growth, is that a function of slower transaction growth inside the ISOs, like a same-store sales number? Or is that a little bit of a share shift where they could be doing it on their own or they'll [ph] shift share somewhere else to another processor?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Bryan, it's David. It's a great question. I think it's not much other than the law of large numbers. So if -- when we analyze what's going on, we don't see a share shift away from our ISOs to other channels at all. And I think if you look at some of the external reporting and analyses and surveys that have gone, that supports that conclusion thus far. I think that within the ISOs themselves, we don't believe anyone has moved any volume away from us and we would have pretty good insight into that. So right now, I think all you're seeing is a very large channel, very large numbers. They're continuing to grow and grow in absolute transaction count. It's just not going to be the same percentage level as it's been in the past.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a question on the international margins. On a year-over-year basis, they were slightly up. It's the first time in a couple of quarters. Just wanted to make sure I understand, what's driving the -- a little bit of a margin improvement in international? And then as we go forward the next couple of quarters, is that sustainable kind of a slight improvement year-over-year or do they fall back down?
David E. Mangum: Yes, it's a good question. So for this quarter, we get a little bit of help from Asia because the metrics of snap back. It's not just the large customer, who you might imagine, we brought on the greatest margins on that customer's revenue anyway. Well, we had a solid quarter in Asia, which is nice for a change and, hopefully, is a nice sign of continuing improvement there. When we have good quarters in each of U.K. and Spain, you'll find slightly better margins than you would have the year before or than you might have thought as you were building your model. When I look out to Q3 and Q4, I don't think margins are going to be -- they're going to vary around being flat with each of those quarters. You could be slightly down in Q3, depends on how the seasonality affects us across the international markets. You could be around flat in Q3, which is about what we expect. And again, same in Q4, although Q4, I think, is more likely to be up year-over-year than flat or down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions. One is, can you just give an update on Brazil and any thoughts about that operation and its trajectory or progress, as you look out through the balance of fiscal '14?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Tim, it's Jeff. So we're pleased with where we are in Brazil. Our transaction with our partner, Caixa, closed during the quarter and we think that's gone well. We're up to just under a couple of thousand merchants live on us today in Brazil, and we intend to continue to grow that throughout the fiscal year. We've added fast, as we've added transaction count. Mainly that's on the sales side but also includes infrastructure. Business that was based in So Paulo and also a bit of Brasilia. So we're very happy with how we're doing, and we're getting ready to manage as most of Brazil starts to think about the World Cup in June, July of 2014 and then the Olympics a couple of years thereafter.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up, and I'll hop off, was with APT, any thoughts about geographic expansion into places like the U.K. or Spain or Hong Kong or any markets where, let's say, within the 12- to 24-month window, there would be geographic expansion opportunities for that type of platform?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. It's a great question, Tim. So we are actually in the process of bringing APT today to Canada. So the most obvious market for us outside the U.S., which is most similar for a variety of reasons for APT's business, is Canada. I believe that we're in pilot this quarter in Canada with APT on an integrated basis. We think we're early in that market for what we're doing with the native solution. That is for Canadian customers in Canada rather than customers in the U.S., just going cross-border into Canada. So Canada is the next most obvious market and we're already doing that. Thereafter, we'll look at each one of our markets and we've got VAR sales folks in most of our markets around the world, including in Europe, in Asia, and we're also looking at bringing that business to Brazil. So while the initial business case for APT was really focused on successful execution of that business plan, I think we all agree, as we discussed in January at the Investor Day, that we would be missing something at the end of the day if 3 or 5 years from now, all we have is a very good and well-performing U.S. business because while we think that we're early and underpenetrated in the U.S., we firmly believe that we're early and underpenetrated in the markets outside of the U.S. So we think there's a great opportunity for APT, and we are very excited to be entering into Canada this quarter with that product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is Ramsey El-Assal for Jason. Can you give us an update on the CUP partnership adding more cities to China, where we stand there?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Sure. So we've a very good partnership with CUP in China and that involves, by the way, not just Mainland China, but that involves the rest of the world, too. We've a very active partnership and relationship outside of Mainland China. We do feel like our ability to expand into the rest of the People's Republic of China is a very good opportunity for us. We've got active discussions with CUP about it and many of the investments that David had described over the last couple of quarters into our Asia business have gone into Mainland China to get ready for that expansion of the business throughout all of China. So it's very important to us. I think our relationship is very good with CUP, both in China and around the world, and they think they, too, fit into the partnership mode that we described earlier.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to ask about the DCC, the Direct (sic) [Dynamic] Currency Conversion solutions. Are the timing and magnitude of the rollout of that solution across your business kind of happening according to plan? And I guess, sort of what -- I would imagine there's pretty high-quality revenue. At what kind of inning are we in terms of rolling that out across your business? Is there a lot of space out there left for it or is it pretty much kind of installed where you want it to be?
David E. Mangum: I would tell you that there's actually a lot of room left from that product. It's a recent rollout in Spain. It's been quite successful for some period of time in Asia, and we've talked about that before relative to annualizing into Asia's growth. It is available without a huge level of penetration in North America and the rest of Europe. So we still think -- I don't want to necessarily pick an exact inning, but we still think it's relatively early days, particularly in those last few markets I described and that there's still room there. As I said earlier, there's the occasional seasonality to it, summer being a big tourist season in Europe. You might see more rather than less. But if we're sort of waving our hands over that and talking about full years in rollouts, there's still a lot of room for further rollout of that product around the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I guess, Dave, for the first question, going back to North America margins, which is sort of thinking about it for the quarter as opposed to the full year, and maybe they got spoiled a little bit by last quarter's healthy margin expansion. But kind of like looking at this quarter and thinking it was flat year-over-year despite the benefit of 11% constant currency in Canada. So I'm just trying to reconcile those sort of dynamics.
David E. Mangum: Yes. It's a great question, Glenn. So if you think about the pieces of North America, I think you're right to put your finger on the first question being a little bit of Canada. Now recognize that Canada, when you translate that nice growth in local currency, was the hardest hit of any market we have by currency translation. So by the time you bring all that back in U.S. dollars, you don't have 11% anymore. You've got something substantially less than that. That's part of why, as we sit here today, we're talking about Canada will do mid- to high single in local currency, which by the time you marry that to U.S. in mid- to high-single unit, even our total North America U.S. dollar growth isn't going to approach that Canadian sort of upticks of -- the double digit we posted year-to-date. So recognize the chunk of that came back the other way. And then beyond that, in any given quarter, you've got the timing of investments expenses, et cetera, so there's really not a lot going on. I would also suggest to you that flat margin is a nice place to be. We're still on track for everything we've got, everything we expected for the full year there. And remember, too, that Canadian growth is fueled by assessments. So with the assessments, they're going to come with dilutive impact on margins overall before we even talk about the currency translation.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it, that's helpful. Drilling down on the U.S. a little bit, and you talked a little bit about this to Tien-tsin's question, but maybe you could put a little bit more of a fine point on the kind of the components of the revenue growth sort of thinking about the ISO channel versus direct versus APT. Is it reasonable to think the ISO revenue growth was kind of in line with that 8% transaction growth and is APT kind of still mid-teens?
David E. Mangum: The way I'd answer that without calling each is that in line or even perhaps a little below the transaction growth is the ISO channel right now. That obviously can vary from time to time, depending on fees and timing. Know that APT is well above that and obviously, well into the double digits, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McVeigh with Macquarie.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: Could you just give us, so we have the numbers kind of where we are in terms of the ASR, in terms of absolute dollars now and then as we think about that into Q3?
David E. Mangum: I can. We announced $100 million ASR. As you well know, Kevin, what happens is you take -- deliver essentially 80% of that into the share count at the time you announce it and then, over time, the actual purchaser are effectuated by a broker-dealer then you settle up at the end. So we haven't settled. We don't have a final accounting for it, but I know enough now to tell you when I look at the average price that we're going to get a little less earnings, again, for a happy reason with the $65 stock price, which is a little north of that as we sit here at the moment. But the mechanics really are we'll finish that. This quarter, we'll finish -- we'll round out, having spent the full $100 million. It'll be whatever it'll be in terms of the final share exchange for the final count of shares delivered to us and then we'll take a look at where we are from a capital planning perspective as we're describing earlier.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: Got it. And then, if I did my math right, it looks like you've bought a little less in Q2 than Q1. Was that just a function of where the stock was? Or anything in terms of just different priorities for the remaining capital on the balance sheet?
David E. Mangum: It's a function of where the stock is. It's a function when we entered into ASR relative to previous purchases in Q1 under a 10b-5 and then it's just how quickly the things roll through. Now things roll through in ASR based on stock price itself, volumes, et cetera just as they do with any other buy. So there's nothing to be seen there in terms of the strategy around buying because when you enter into an ASR, you're receiving [ph] the broker-dealer the timing and pace of the buybacks then you settle with them at the end of the period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A big-picture question on -- a question -- a kind of follow-up to this question asked earlier on the geo expansion focus versus the let's buy technology pieces and use our distribution channel focus. And I'm curious, which of those 2 -- I guess, I'm not thinking in terms of M&A, really, but in terms of growth, as you guys see big growth drivers the next couple of years, do you still see geographic expansion as the most likely biggest growth driver in driving more pieces of technology or more value add through your existing geos? Do you still see that as #1 and #2? Or do you -- could you see that flip, given -- and Jeff, you mentioned this, given the -- your desire to kind of protect where you are in the value chain and protect your distribution system?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. I think, Brett, as I said before, I mean, I think you have to start all M&A conversations with what's actually for sale because you really are looking for the right partnership and the right transaction. You typically have a lot of irons in the fire to make sure that you are the right partner as you're at the right place at the right time. So I would say today, Brett, we actually do both at the same time because we're not exactly sure of what order our partner is going to want to proceed in. So from a geographic expansion point of view, for example, and most focused in Asia, in Australia, South Korea and Japan and markets that we're not in from an expansion point of view and, of course, getting bigger in India and Mainland China in terms of market that we're actually in today. In Latin America, we're obviously in Brazil. We'd like to be bigger in Brazil. We're not in Mexico and some other markets directly in Latin America today, as we would like to be. So we're focused on those as well. In Europe, I think we're opportunistic. As I've said on prior calls, we haven't seen transactions and assets there that have a great rate of return to make us feel comfortable to pursue them. So it doesn't mean that we don't see opportunities. We see opportunities all over the world. But it does mean, as David mentioned, that we do balance from a capital allocation point of view where our returns are. And today, we haven't really seen those across Europe, although an exception to that would be in markets like Spain, where we have a direct partner in Caixa, and we've been able to add portfolios like Civica because we find those economics to be attractive because of our joint venture, Comercia. And then in North America, I would say we see opportunities continually in the U.S. Those tend to be more technology-enabled to the point that you were making unless, by definition, less expansion in the sense that there's a region that we're not in. We're in all of the U.S. and in all of Canada. So it's less about the regions necessarily by definition and more about, are there vertical markets that we can make a difference in, and are there technologies like APT and integrated, that we think we can really make additional returns in from pursuing those avenues? So to come back where you started, I think we're opportunistic on all these things. It really depends on what's available and what those returns are.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then just quick follow-up. David, on the P&L, there was a fairly large other operating benefit that we saw and they were just larger than what we had modeled in kind of in the past. Was there anything unusual there that we should think about?
David E. Mangum: What we -- Brett, when you say other operating, are you talking about on the GAAP income statement? Are you talking about other income?
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, other income. I apologize.
David E. Mangum: And a -- from a cash earnings perspective or...
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I was just looking at it from just a straight-up GAAP.
David E. Mangum: Oh, yes. So straight-up GAAP, what you're seeing there is the gain on Brazil. So when we had our partners at Caixa enter into the 50-50, they put $2 million into the venture and then as I think we've discussed, they also committed to incrementing their investment level up until it matches our life-to-date investment level. So that initial capital inflow resulted in a gain and that's what you're seeing on the GAAP income statement.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And do you back that out? How do you adjust that, if at all, for the cash?
David E. Mangum: Right. So we back that out for cash earnings purposes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan with Janney.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I had a question on the ISO channel and the trends you're seeing in the strength of the interchange. Have you seen -- can you just talk about the trends you're seeing there? And I think last quarter you mentioned that there was some expectation that there's some prices or fees that the ISOs were going to possibly layer on during the quarter and if you actually saw that happen with the impact where it was on the spreads there?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Tom, it's David. The ISOs -- I think what we tend to say about the ISOs and fees is the piece of the ISOs that are difficult to predict for us tend to be when they choose to fee their customers. So we have, as you might have imagined, a reasonable forecast model how their transactions flow and what that's going to turn into in terms of their spreads and how it drives revenue for the company and then our per-transaction rates to them, what that's going to mean for real revenue and economic benefit to the company. But then if they happen to fee their customers on top of that, that's 100% revenue, 100% expense for the company and it affects margins. If you look at Q2, our last reported quarter, the actual fees were really not different from what we thought going in. Hence, we're really not talking about them today in terms of variance analysis or something analytic that's going to affect your view of the model. But from time to time, those will vary. And to the extent an ISO decides, particularly one of our larger ISOs, decides to heavily fee a customer in any given quarter, that can affect revenue growth to the positive but margins the negative but really not a lot on that and nothing new and nothing really quantify for you for Q2.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then given the very well-publicized data breach at Target, is there any takeaways from that, that you feel you can tell or share with us in terms of implication longer term for the merchant-acquiring industry?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Tom, it's Jeff. I'll start. I'm sure David will contribute as well. So listen, I think it is absolutely something, as you know, that we're very focused on, given the exposure in the industry and given our background. As you've mentioned a number of times, we're investing $17 million incrementally this year in added security and that, of course, is a cost of doing business in our industry. It's certainly unfortunate in terms of what's going on at Target. I don't really know the details any more than you do. I do think changes over time from the networks, like EMV, will help certain aspects of what's going on in the industry but they're not cure-alls. So for example, EMV, by itself, doesn't really address non-face-to-face or card-not-present transactions. And I don't know all of the specifics of Target, but that is an area that people are focused on. And you probably saw the networks announced in the last few months that they're also lobbying tokenization for some of the mobile and other types of transactions to further enhance security. So we're a big proponents of all those things. We're obviously making substantial investments in our own infrastructure. But I'm not sure if there's anything other than what we've seen to date that would change our view or anyone's view in the industry as to how important security is and the fact that there are bad guys out there.
David E. Mangum: Yes, and I think that's very well said. I would just say no one knows better than we what folks at Target are going through. We've a lot of empathy for them and wish them well. It certainly reminded all of us to stay vigilant, but I can't add anything to what Jeff had to say.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair.
Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So just a couple of quick questions. One, I just wanted to clarify in the reconciliation in the back of the press release, it says there's about $3.3 million of termination costs be added back in the quarter. And just wanted to clarify what kind of headcount reductions you've been doing, and where and to what extent does that benefit the guidance?
David E. Mangum: So Chris, that's a couple of movements that had to do with our leadership transition and having nothing to do with anyone on this call, to be very specific, and it has actually absolutely no benefit to the cash earnings for this year.
Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, got you. And then just one quick one on the ISO comment. Just wanted to clarify the slowdown in growth there, at least, the slight slowdown in growth, is that purely being driven by the ISOs themselves? Or is there any decision on your part to kind of consciously slow that down?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: No. It's not a decision in our part, Chris. I think David hit the nail on the head with his comment before. It really is growth rates relates to law of large numbers. If you think, Chris, about the comparisons over the last 3 or 4 years in terms of our rates of growth, you had things like Durbin regulatory reform come down the pipe, which, as they've annualized, substantially at the time, increased the rates of revenue growth. And then from a transactional point of view, to the extent that it lowered the cost of acceptance for merchants, also had the beneficial effect of changing demand in the market for card-acquiring services as price reductions, in general, if you sense [ph] that their pass-through do. So I think as David said, you're really lapping large growth rates and large numbers, and that's our -- really our view of what you're seeing. And to add to what David said as well, I do think this is probably the second or third quarter that we've gone through with you guys in a row, where we've seen the law of large numbers impact the rate of growth of the ISO business. So I really view it as nothing new.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question was really about just going back to the slower ISO growth and I kind of get the law of large numbers comment. But as you think of North America and particularly, the U.S., you have APT pretty doing well. You have the ISO portion potentially slowing. Could you comment on the eventual direct versus indirect ratio that you want to get to and what you're doing to further increase the direct portion? It's clearly more profitable as well.
David E. Mangum: Yes. Ashwin, it's David, and it's a great question. So pieces of this, as Jeff said a moment ago, are out of our control. The ISOs are great partners. We serve them well for the last decade and beyond. That will continue to grow. It's certainly incumbent on us to continue to grow our other channels around them and make sure that we, with the partner-of-choice strategy, have arrayed a series of channels and distribution mechanisms that allow us to grow for the long term, hence, our focus on integrated payments, our focus on either directly or with partners driving access to mobility, mobile payments, tablet processing, whatever is going to be the paradigm that merchants use and consumers use for processing over time. And that kind of complexity is nothing but good for us. So I think it's fair to say if we're to look out, we expect an ever-greater proportion of direct distribution base revenue, in other words, revenue we control more directly, merchants we control more directly. Look for us to do that organically with investments in additional channels, investments in additional technology, like rolling out the mobility we've rolled out over the last 2 years, but also that's obviously a core part of the M&A strategy Jeff has described a couple of times in the questions earlier tonight.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Does that -- down the road, I know you guys have not talked about G2 for a while, but down the road, does that affect how G2 eventually rolls out in your client base?
David E. Mangum: No, I really don't think so. It's an interesting question. I think it affects how we bring transactions to G2 and to our other front ends around the world. And we are happy and capable of processing -- or happy to and capable of processing any transaction coming to us in any fashion around the world. That can be coming to us on a mobile device acting as a terminal. It can come to us -- bring a transaction from a mobile device functioning as a wallet, can sort of a [ph] completely different application in mobile. We're happy to process sort of any transaction anywhere in any fashion. From there it can go to whatever authorization engine and platform we process because we'll enable that to accept transactions from any adapter or any device.
Operator: We will take the last question from Steven Kwok with KBW, after which, Mr. Sloan will close the call.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question around the tax rate. Was there anything particular in this quarter? And then I believe you're guiding to a full year of about 29%, just wanted to see what the moving pieces are, what to expect in the coming quarters.
David E. Mangum: Yes, nothing particularly odd this quarter, Steven. And in fact, we're on sort of a similar path to the flow of last year. Our -- because of the way some of the tax rates have changed, particularly in Europe, we typically will have our highest tax rate in Q1. We posted 30.8% on a cash basis, a face [ph] of the P&L tax rate in Q1. We just posted 27.8%, on the way to approaching 29%. You should see quarters similar to this one over the course of Q3 and Q4. But there are no one-timers or anything like that. This is actually the pattern we expected for the year.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-10-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey S. Sloan - President David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Craig J. Maurer - CLSA Limited, Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Tulu Yunus - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2014 First Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman; Jeff Sloan, President and CEO; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, October 1, 2013, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane. And thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We delivered strong results for the quarter, growing revenue by 7% and cash earnings per share by 15%. In addition, we are raising our cash earnings per share expectations by $0.05, as a result of our commitment to repurchase $100 million of our stock via an accelerated share repurchase program. We are confident that Global Payments is positioned to deliver sustainable growth over the long term by continuing to focus on expanding our global market position and executing on our commitment of returning capital to our shareholders. We have an enviable market position and the necessary resources and talent to continue to prosper in the ever-changing payment space. As you know, effective today and after 14 very rewarding years with the company, I'm relinquishing the role of CEO but will remain through our fiscal 2014 as Chairman. It has been an honor to lead our company. I am very confident in the company's prospects and Jeff's ability to lead it. Our board and I feel strongly that Jeff is the right leader at the right time and his proven track record of both Global Payments and in the financial services industry warrants that confidence. I look forward to working closely with Jeff to make the transition as smooth as possible. Now I'd like to introduce you to Global Payments' new CEO, Jeff Sloan. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, Paul. First, I'd like to say a heartfelt thank you to Paul, the Board of Directors and our employees for all of their support and encouragement. I am honored and humbled to be here today. I have known Paul for many years. He has been a wonderful mentor to me, and I look forward to continuing that relationship. Global Payments is an organization of highly talented people with a fantastic culture. And while Paul had set the bar very high, I'm committed to building on the positive momentum that he has created. Now for quarterly highlights. I am pleased to report that North America delivered strong results, both in the United States and Canada. The U.S. was driven by terrific performance in our APT business and strength across our other channels. As we discussed in last quarter's earnings call, our ISO channel continues to contribute growth to our top line. But the rate of growth has slowed, reflecting in part the law of large numbers and the timing of fees that ISOs charge to their customers. However, much of the ISO's revenues are pass-throughs to us and have no effect on operating income. As anticipated, Canada delivered strong performance in the quarter, reflecting organic growth, market-based pricing changes and stabilizing spreads. We anticipate closing our joint venture in Brazil this month, and we look forward to working with CaixaBank as we focus on signing new global customers and driving innovative products into the Brazilian market. Our international results reflect strong performance across Europe, with particular strength in Spain and Russia and improved results in our Asia business as expected. Finally, we remain committed to completing additional strategic acquisitions, both in existing and new markets. Now I will turn the call over to David.
David E. Mangum: Thanks, Jeff. We're off to a good start to the year with nice business performance and a slightly lower-than-expected tax rate, adding to our first quarter cash earnings. North America revenue grew 6% with U.S. revenue growth of 5% on transaction growth of 9%. In Canada, transactions grew 3%, credit spreads were stable for the quarter on a year-over-year basis, and we reported revenue growth of 10% in local currency. We remained on track for mid-single-digit annual revenue growth in local currency. North America cash operating income grew 11% to $79 million, with cash operating margin expanding by 90 basis points to 17.6%. We continue to expect full year cash operating margins in North America to be about flat to slightly increasing. International revenue grew 10% for the quarter in U.S. dollars. In local currency, Europe delivered solid revenue and transaction growth in all markets, with Spain and Russia benefiting from favorable secular trends and new product launches. Asia-Pacific revenue grew 3% over last year. International cash operating income of $69 million grew 6% compared to last year, with cash operating margin down 140 basis points, primarily due to business mix in Europe and performance in Asia. This was about what we expected, and we continue to expect stable international cash operating margins for the full year. Currency trends were about what we expected for the quarter, and we continue to expect foreign currency effects to be about neutral to a slight headwind for cash earnings per share for the full year. We continue to expect both GAAP and cash effective tax rates to approach 29% for the full year. For the quarter, our total company cash operating margin was 19.7%. This includes over $4 million of the anticipated full year $17 million incremental security spend. Excluding the security spend, total company margins would have increased to 20.4%. For the first quarter, we generated free cash flow of $59 million. We made our annual distribution to CaixaBank for our Comercia joint venture, which reduced our free cash flow by just over $9 million for the quarter. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Capital expenditures were about $20 million for the quarter, and we continue to anticipate our full year capital expenditures will total about $90 million. Our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the quarter, was $276 million. During the quarter, we repurchased a total of $144 million worth of shares, $125 million of which completed our July 2012 authorization. $19 million of repurchases related to our July 2013 $250 million authorization. And in the next few days, we plan to enter into an accelerated share repurchase plan for up to $100 million. As a result, we are increasing our annual fiscal 2014 cash earnings per share expectations by $0.05 to a range of $3.98 to $4.05, reflecting 9% to 11% growth over fiscal 2013. We are maintaining our annual revenue expectations of $2.51 billion to $2.56 billion, reflecting 6% to 8% growth. And now, I'll turn the call back to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. I have enjoyed working with all of you and have appreciated your candor and support during these past years. Although we have accomplished a lot, I firmly believe that Global Payments' future has never been brighter. I'll now turn the call over to Jane. Jane?
Jane M. Forbes: Thanks. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of George Mihalos from Credit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Paul, all the best. It was great working with you.
Paul R. Garcia: Thanks, George.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And congratulations, Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thanks, George.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So maybe just to start off, nice to see the margins trending in the right direction. Within the North American business or within the U.S. business, can you break out the revenue contribution that is non-ISO direct in the growth trends that you've seen there?
David E. Mangum: George, this is David. I'd be happy to do that. And they're really quite consistent with what we expected when the year started. So we have an ISO channel, that as you heard in our prepared comments, growth is slowing a little bit, really due to the law of large numbers and the timing and sequencing of when ISOs choose to see their customers. So that channel continues to grow transaction in the double digits and with revenue growth below that, depending again on timing of the fees and just as, again, the law of large numbers. So if you go to the rest of the channels, the APT business is really carrying a lot of the water for us this year, just as we expected. Remember last year, we didn't own APT until October. So we're getting the benefit of that in this quarter and that will begin to annualize. But even when it annualizes, we'll be looking at very nice mid-teens kind of revenue growth from APT, everything we expected from that business with the opportunity to actually add growth to it on a global basis over the years. Then if you go to the rest of the channels, the check and gaming, the gaming business, you remember historically having covered us for some time, still chugs along at very nice levels, high-single-digit kind of growth levels. Our direct business, very solid business, and that's the combination of our joint venture with Comerica, as well as our core direct base. So the legacy direct base of Global Payments, that moves along in a nice sort of mid-single-digits pace as well. Our Greater Giving business, low double to maybe high-single. And then the indirect business, which is kind of the final reconciling piece of really legacy portfolios buried in us as well as buried in other processors, they have a different trajectory but small enough that it doesn't really affect the overall. The end result of which is what you see today. We're reporting really maybe, more importantly, what we continue to expect for the full year, which is mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth on an annual basis.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just, Jeff, going back to your comments on the acquisition pipeline. Can you talk a little bit more, maybe geographically and particularly with some of the new markets that you mentioned, you could be looking to get into?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, sure. George, I'm happy to do that. So we continue to have a full pipeline, and we balance that pipeline against what we think to be appropriate return of capital to our shareholders, which touches on the accelerated buyback that Paul and David mentioned. I would say a big part of what we do in terms of pipeline, George, depends on where the opportunities are as we are really looking globally for targets. Right now, we're spending a fair amount of time in Asia. I think Paul touched on that previously. We're also spending a fair amount of time in Latin America and in North America and a little bit of time in Western Europe. So it really depends on where the deals are. We have a fairly full pipeline but we thought the right thing to do at this point, balancing that versus return of capital, was to move ahead with the $100 million on the buyback relative to the $250 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just want to add my congratulations to both Paul and Jeff and wanted to just start with a question on the U.S. And obviously, overall, North American operating margins were great to see here this quarter, but we continue to see that gap in the U.S., specifically, with transaction growth eclipsing revenue growth by a bit. Saw the same thing in Q4. Just remind us of the drivers of that dynamic. Should we expect that to continue at a similar spread during the rest of fiscal '14?
David E. Mangum: Jason, it's David. You'll probably not going to love this answer, but it can move around a little bit at it has historically. You're correct. It's fairly consistent Q4 to Q1, and let's recall the drivers of that. It's transactions across the market. But the real driver is the timing of what's going on with the ISOs. And so while logically, the relationship between transaction growth and revenue growth should be consistent, unless something were to happen to pricing trends, something along those lines, I can tell you from a metrics perspective, there's almost nothing happening with average tickets and almost nothing happening with spreads in our U.S. business. So in fact, you point right back to the ISOs when you're comparing these quarters to each other and say, "Okay, when did they charge which fee?" And depending on that timing, and then the overall pace of growth they're seeing as their growth slows a bit, you sort kind of have that relationship, which is again quite logical. You asked a great question, but it sort of vary from what you might expect to be the norm. So I think, the reality is you should not be surprised if you see more quarters like this but also the occasional quarter, where that revenue growth and transaction growth are very consistent with each other because some fees were billed during that period.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And Paul, you've always been great to opine on industry trends and implications of changes in the space. So as we think about the possibility of a Durbin 2.0 becoming reality, if we do see another significant cut in U.S. debit interchange, as well as a potential requirement for the dual-signature networks, should we assume that your industry in general and Global Payments specifically would benefit materially, albeit perhaps on a temporary basis from these regulatory changes as was the case after Durbin 1.0?
Paul R. Garcia: Jason, it's hard to argue with just how articulately you put that. I think that -- I think you captured all of it. I think you -- I think some will benefit more materially than others. I think we're all going to be balanced. But we've always said, and as you well know, moving interchanges are good things. Interchanges going down are very good things, and it is temporal. I mean, you don't get to have it forever and ever, but it's a nice inflection point. And you're right, that's a very positive development for us and everybody in our space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Thought we would have heard about some additional distribution deals in Asia. What's kind of the update? What are you working on in Asia?
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. Greg, this is Paul. We said in a number of calls that we're very focused on expanding distribution in Asia. Now that we have the opportunity because we purchased the remaining ownership position from HSBC, we've been focused on really two-pronged approach. Number one, less dramatic, less kind of big, strategic deals, which we have executed on. And they are kind of the bread and butter, and we're looking for more of that throughout all the regions in Asia. Then there are some bigger strategic opportunities. Those are tough to time. I mean, we're pursuing lots of them. And that doesn't necessarily mean an acquisition, Greg. It could just be a bigger opportunity with a big in-country provider. Some of those are further along than others but they all kind of take their own time, and once again it's Asia. So that takes -- that probably adds a little bit more time on top of that. But I would just leave you with this thought: we are very focused on that, and we have the guy that runs our worldwide business living in Asia. He is focused on it every day. Jeff and I are heading over in 30 days. So we're all over it.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just to make you opine on something else, the PayPal's acquisition of Braintree. Just -- is that an area that APT can play in? And what are your thoughts there?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Sure. Greg, it's Jeff. I'll start, and then Paul and David, of course, can jump in. So those are slightly different businesses. APT is really a card-present business. So you think about what we talked about in January, Greg, which is dental offices, veterinary offices, auto dealers, that kind of thing. Those are almost all, by definition, card-present. As I understand it from Braintree and PayPal announcement, that was largely card-not-present, so if you go a little bit closer, Greg, to the Visa CyberSource announcement and the card-not-present gateway versus necessarily what APT does. So that's kind of the first piece, Greg, in terms of how those line up. I think on the second piece though, and I think to get the gist of your question, I think on the second piece, it does make us feel very good as we've already, as David already described, in the integrated solutions market. So one thing I think they do have in common is how do we all think about value propositions and integrated solutions. I think Braintree was a step in that direction, too. So I think it does make us feel very good in addition to the numbers David described in executing our strategy through APT, Greater Giving and our own bar business here in the U.S.
Paul R. Garcia: And Greg, I would add that our relationship with PayPal has never been stronger. They briefed us on this. They let us know what opportunities could develop because of this deal they did. And to that end, we are focused on expanding our relationship, and they are focused on expanding our relationship. So we're very bullish on PayPal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And congrats, again, on the transitions. My first question is just Canada. Usually, that's one of the first questions on the call. I think we were at the -- about fifth. But it was so strong this quarter, and I guess I'm wondering, is that -- it sounds like it's not sustainable. But maybe, was there something in Q1 that's not sustainable? And maybe as part of the reason you're guiding to mid-single digits for the full year, just that it's hard to keep the price-increase impact as we go further down the road?
David E. Mangum: Dave, this is David. First, I'd like to thank you all for not asking about Canada until the fourth question. So I wouldn't regard the performance of Canada in the first quarter relative to the rest of the year in any way as sort of a precursor of something falling off later in the year, in fact, quite the opposite. I think when you think about Canada, realize that the comparables last year don't have some of the price changes that start to happen in Q4. Realize too that the history of Canada is what it is. And we're looking to have a very successful year in Canada and certainly, very successful relative to what we posted the last couple of years. So I wouldn't look at Canada as anything other than we're off to a very strong start, on track for our goals. You could accuse us of being somewhat conservative where revenue will end up in Canada. But we're at end of the first quarter, and we'll keep running with Canada. Maybe what is important is anything about Canada, maybe more than just the price changes, because remember some of that's assessment-driven anyway, is that the core underlying trends in Canada have stayed consistent with the last couple of quarters. Remember we started talking about this really with the February quarter of last year. More stable credit spread trends and they declined in each of the last 2 quarters of fiscal '13 on the order of 4%. Now they're roughly flat year-over-year in Q1, married to ongoing transaction growth and, again, back to the prepared comments, transaction growth was 3%, the same as it had been in Q4, gives us something we can manage. So I would not suggest you look askance at what may happen with Canada the rest of the year relative to just posting a very good start to the year in Q1.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just, I guess, a follow-up would just be that the U.K. would be the other big, very profitable market and just wondering, one, growth seems like -- because Europe growth was so strong, I mean, was the U.K. also strong and then some people often asked is just, could the U.K. ever turn into Canada, if there was very transparent pricing? Do you see that ever happening?
David E. Mangum: So I'll take this on maybe in reverse order. There's already very transparent pricing in the United Kingdom. The competitors and we, as long -- as well as anyone who watches the industry has taken care of that. A lot of that started happening in the order of 2 or 3 years ago. Probably most important prospective for the United Kingdom is it has had a level of complexity in interchange and now assessments for years that Canada never had prior to the big pricing change as you recall from calendar 2008. And that, as you recall, without going through the history of Canada again, was the setup for the more challenging macro and micro situations in Canada over the last 3 or 4 years. With that said, our U.K. business, remember, operates sort of a couple of different product lines that kind of came out of or emanated from our original joint venture with HSBC going back to '08 and '09. It's the core credit business, which, as you say, is highly profitable and tends to chug along, married to our debit business and cash advance, the rest of the products you'd sell to merchants in a card-present, to use Jeff's description of APT kind of environment, that business chugs along. And then within that business as well is what we call Global Solutions, which we used to refer to as International Acquiring. This is the e-commerce business we run over the card-not-present, cross-border business. And that's driving an enormous amount of revenue growth in Europe particularly, and recall, particularly around the February quarter of last year, we saw some outsized growth and began talking to you guys about the fact that those transactions, many of which by the way come from PayPal to go back to an earlier question, come at a lower contribution margin. And thus, you can have the dynamic, where you've got really high European revenue growth, married to maybe less international profit growth than you might expect overall. That doesn't mean there's any problem with the channel. It's the nature of the transactions themselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Congratulations, as well, to Paul and Jeff. The question I had around sort of partner-of-choice strategy that you've been putting into place. I think, Jeff, it's sort of been one of your initiatives. But you've announced deals with companies like edo, having ShopKeep, just very curious if you could talk a little bit about initial reactions from your channel partners about these alliances and partnerships you're building. And any way to think about how much more expensive that might be, I mean, eventually, the income statement impact and then [ph] I know it's a big topic but curious if you could walk us through some thoughts there.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, sure. Tim, I'm happy to do that. So I think to back up a bit, the partner-of-choice strategy that we talked a lot about in January at our Investor Day is really grounded in the fact that we're a service business. So what's important for us is to provide our partners and our merchants, our customers with the ability to accept any payment, anytime, anywhere. And that means that they have the choice, for example, to accept PayPal. That means they have to have the choice, for example, to accept a tablet form of acceptance like a ShopKeep. We have to have loyalty solutions like edo, which you referenced. So the way we view our business is how much choice can we give our customers and how much choice can we give our partners. If you look at the deals that you mentioned, one common thread is with the increasing complexity at the point of sale, how do we enable that choice and ultimately, provide more value-added services to our customers and that's really the common thread. So I would say the reaction from our partners has been very good to what we're doing with these third parties. We continue to expand the suite of solutions in our mobile universe. ShopKeep is a part of that. You may also remember in January that we talked about PayApp, which is our own proprietary solution for mobile commerce, which we now have in 5 markets in Asia Pacific, including, in particular, in Hong Kong. You've also read, of course, our initiatives with Intuit in the U.K., with PayPal in the U.K. and there's more to come in other markets. So I really think of that, Tim, in the context of we're a service provider. We need to provide value-added services to maintain our position. ShopKeep, edo, all the types of things that our customers are looking for, and I think the reception has been very good, and I think there's more to come.
David E. Mangum: And maybe a little color on top of that, Tim. When we talk about PayApp, what we really build is an infrastructure, into which all of our partners can plug. So for mobility, whether you're dealing with tablet or a dongle or any other integrated solution, you can plug in there for boarding, underwriting risk management, reporting, processing, tailored for digital commerce. That also means what can plug in there is content, whether that's the kind of edo offer or couponing for analytics, available in all markets around the world and available to our current partners, as well as the new partners, about what you're asking. So all that infrastructure is available for any partner who wants to plug in, as well as our direct sales force anywhere in the world. As you might imagine, we're selling a lot of this on a direct basis in the Asian markets Jeff referenced, with the ability to do that across Europe and some of the other markets as well. So the way we thought about is very much that service architecture. Everyone can plug into that service, whether you're current partner with your own, mobility or tablet strategy or whether you're a new partner, like a ShopKeep, we can make that available to any customer they'd like around the world.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could just follow up, I guess obviously, this is sort of evolutionary. So when you get to sort of the income statement or think about North American revenue or I guess I'm going to say revenue overall, is this something that you think from -- however your structuring these partnerships with edo, ShopKeep, your own proprietary PayApp-type stuff, is this something that sort of works against maybe sort of what people view as the secular margin issue around North America? I mean, do we get into more revenue per merchants, more revenue per channel partner, that really help defend the margin structure? Is that the -- just sort of your thoughts on the likelihood of it playing out that way over some period of time in the next couple of years?
David E. Mangum: Yes, without going into specifics, I believe this should fundamentally transform over the long term, the shape of the face of the income statement and here's why. Right now, our conversations about margins are dominated by whether the ISOs are doing that kind of conversation. To the extent a plug-in service infrastructure like this allows our customers to on more of an la carte basis by services from us with maybe a different contractual relationship from what we have ISOs today in the United States, then what you're talking about is getting more and more growth in volume, sort of wholesaling as Jeff described it from large partners, without the problematic GAAP accounting margin implications you get from the ISO accounting today. I certainly believe -- we certainly believe we're dedicating entire business units to the belief that mobility and digital commerce is how transactions are going to be effectuated over the coming years. And with that should come the opportunity for sort of different optics on the income statement to answer your question directly. No promises, I can't tell you exactly how it's going to shape. But that's certainly the view of how the partnerships should evolve, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - CLSA Limited, Research Division: And again, congratulations to both of you. I was wondering if you could comment if there's been any change in -- if you've been able to perceive any change in how Paymentech is operating. We're about 6 months from the CMS announcement, and I was wondering if you've seen any change in behavior. Also if you have any thoughts on today's announcement of an alliance to explore tokens, which I know banks are also looking at as a way to move us to -- to skip the payment networks altogether, that would be helpful.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, sure. Greg, it's Jeff. So on Paymentech and the JPM Visa announcement some time ago, we haven't seen any difference in a go-to-market strategy or in the competitive landscape. It's always been a very competitive business. JPM and other large acquirers, as well as acquirers and issuers, are going to use their rightly earned competitive advantages to compete in those marketplaces. So we really have seen no difference over time in the go-to-market strategy from that announcement or otherwise. Second, in your question about the announcement today from Visa MasterCard and AmEx, we welcome anything that provides more secure commerce for any of our businesses in any of our markets. Obviously, there's a variety of solutions to go-to-market there. Tokens might be one. EMV, which, of course, we're knee deep in and we've discussed before is another. But anything that provides more security to the ecosystem in the U.S. or elsewhere is a welcome occurrence. As I said before in response to Tim's question, we are a service provider. So as long as something is touching a merchant and the consumer is using that service and/or a merchant wants to get paid, we'll be there providing solutions. So whether that's riding on existing rails, on Visa and MasterCard, the other networks or which we ride [ph] again different functionality that's been described before, as long as it is touches a merchant and somebody wants to get paid and somebody wants to transact, we're going to be the beneficiaries of being in the middle of that. If that's more secure, ala tokens, that's great news for what we do. So we welcome things like that, and I'm sure there'll be more to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Paul, I also want to wish you the best. I also enjoyed working with you. And I guess, I've learned a lot talking with you over all these years. So just wanted to say thanks upfront.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, that's very kind, Tien-tsin. I feel the same. Thank you very much.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. I do appreciate that. I guess, maybe I'll just ask you, Paul. How active do you think you'll be here as Chairman to '14? And Jeff, congrats as well. Should we expect any big changes from you? Or will be you running things differently, anything to call out today?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Tien-tsin, I'd like to, first of all, comment on why and when. So this is something that -- this is a planned transition. Jeff has been here for 3.5 years. And the board and I believe strongly he's the right guy at the right time. The company is in terrific shape, so that plays well into this. And honestly, from my own vantage point, this is good timing for me personally as well for the company. To your exact question, I'm going to remain on a couple of different levels. I'm going to remain a large shareholder. I'm going to be actively involved as Chairman, primarily focusing on ensuring a smooth transition. I'm working with Jeff on a number of strategic things, working on some key introductions around the world. Jeff knows that a ton of this people already but I'm just kind of adding a little impetus to those relationships, and that is my focus. Jeff is CEO and my job is Chairman, and he is charged with the day-to-day responsibilities running our company. And I, for one, am convinced he'll do a great job of it.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And to answer your second question, Tien-tsin. Of course, today, we've reaffirmed our revenue expectations for this fiscal and also raised our earnings expectations for this fiscal as we've described, and that's what we're working toward. So I think it's a pretty clear path as to what we're doing. Of course, we also had an Analyst Day that you were at in January, where we set forth our strategy, which we're pursuing. And I'm sure, over time, we'll have further discussions about what that strategy is and what it will be. For now, for day 1, it's really business as usual and I'm going to continue to work with Paul and our board, as we execute on the objectives that we've laid out for this fiscal.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood, understood. So let me -- as my follow-up, I'll ask a business question. just -- I'll ask on Europe. I think David mentioned -- asked it before. But Europe was better than we had modeled sequentially by quite a bit on very little expense growth, it looks like, sequentially again. Was there a pricing change there? Is this sustainable? Just trying to think about how that might sketch out over the remainder of the fiscal year.
Paul R. Garcia: So Tien-tsin, if I point you back to the strong global solutions, also that e-commerce solution in the quarter, and then one other thing to watch for, that I think is going to be a trend going forward as we go from Q4 and to Q1, remember Q4 ends in May and then Q1 really takes over the entire summer. So we have product sets that we've now introduced in an awful lot of markets, like DCC, that have really big quarters in our first quarter. You get a lot of the travelers moving around. Lot of travelers, for example, headed to Spain for us in the first quarter. And so we saw outsized growth and frankly, more growth than we expected in Spain from that particular product, which you then see flow through in your Europe revenue. So don't be surprised if you see pretty strong sequential revenue Q4 -- Q1 over Q4 kind of going forward now that we've fully rolled out that product across much of Europe, and we still have the Asia version of that product that continues to chug along as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I certainly will miss you. Hopefully, our paths will cross again soon.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, thank you, Andrew, and I hope so as well.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: David, you mentioned you -- called out the security spend, and I just want to make sure I got it, you said $4 million in the quarter, $17 million for the year was the expectations?
David E. Mangum: That's right, Andrew?
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you sort of normalized the margin. I guess what I'm wondering is, how do we look at that as we go out to '15? Are we thinking about an elevated level of security spend around that level by which your overall corporate expenses rise this year? Or is there going to be a way to scale that? Or does it actually grow?
David E. Mangum: Yes. I think it has to scale as we head into '15. It's like any other piece of this infrastructure. It has to scale. It may be an exceptional piece in that as tools improve, you want to be as secure as you can from a posture perspective. So perhaps, counting on it to grow no more than we have our human resources or our legal department grow from a scale perspective inside the corporate is asking too much. But we do not expect it to grow at outsized expense levels from '15 and beyond. We think we're setting up the baseline over the course of '14 in order to lever it, really across the world, '15 and beyond. There may be a hair of an element of it's not fully in every run rate for the full year in '14 so it might grow a little faster than one might imagine but, I mean, a little faster. Again, we don't expect to see huge chunks because as with any other piece of the infrastructure, security services, the entire infrastructure and should provide some element of scale.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so recognizing, and maybe this is a question for Jeff, recognizing that it's hard to predict what's going to happen next in the world, all else being equal, do you feel like you probably hit the trough for consolidated profitability at this point?
David E. Mangum: I think that question requires an awful lot of a crystal ball. I would point you back to maybe a different language. I think we feel good about where the business is and how it's executing right now. We're off to a good start for this year. This year is the first clean year in a while. There is no breach. There's no weird trajectories of pieces of the business. We have opportunities to expand distribution, not just in Asia, but in other places. In fact, we are expanding distribution in places like Asia. They're actually implicit in our view of the year and the improvement in Asia in the second half of the year. There's new distribution partners in Malaysia, Sri Lanka and the Philippines, may be tactical may not be as sexy as the big banks that Paul was talking about earlier, but that's just running the business. It's what we do. And you sink pieces all around the world. So rather than say this is the trough, I would tell you we feel good about the position of the execution, and we've been consistently executing against what we talked to you guys about in January, which allows the business to execute better quite frankly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kwok with KBW.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Congrats to both Paul and Jeff. I was just wondering if there are any early indicators of how the second quarter is trending?
David E. Mangum: Steven, we really don't break out monthlies. But I would say, there's nothing we've seen, thus far, in the quarter that suggests our forecasts are off-track.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, in terms from an M&A perspective, I mean how big can you currently flex the balance sheet for a deal?
David E. Mangum: We can flex quite substantially from here. As you know, we target an implicit investment-grade approach to keep our cost of capital low and make sure we're as attractive as we want to be to different financial services partners around the world. But we have a great deal of room as you can tell from what we reported, in the order of 2x levered. We can certainly run this business quite a bit above that, depending on the opportunities. Jeff described exactly where we stand right now, which is a solid pipeline but enough of a view of that pipeline to suggest that this is a good time to go ahead and return a little more capital to shareholders in the form of an accelerated share repurchase. But we can flex the balance sheet well north of 3x for the right combination of capital opportunities.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And Steven, just to add to what David said, I don't view us and I don't think David does either, as being capital constrained relative to deals that we see in our pipeline. So it's a balance and that's what we are executing on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about the spread there between the revenue growth in constant currency in Canada and the 3% transaction growth. I just want to make sure I have the moving pieces. I know credit spreads are flat, but can you just maybe walk through it for me, David?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I'm happy to. So you got the foundation, Bryan. It's flattish spread -- flat spreads, not flattish, flat spreads and then beyond that 3% transaction growth in aggregate, which is a combination of credit, highly profitable credit growth and debit, which is a little less profitable. So credit is moving along nicely in Canada. Now what goes on top of that is the changes, the structural changes introduced by each of Visa and MasterCard in April and July, respectively, which changed the structure around assessments in the market, domestic assessments, cross-border assessments, international, et cetera. So the difference between then between the 10% reported and what your math and your model would say 3% plus flat ought to deliver, presumably around 3%, is the change in the assessments in the market overall and then how those ended up reflected on customers' statements by the time the actual volumes had come through based on charge types, card types and the application of the assessment. So it's revenue, core revenue, nice progress, nice foundation but then on top of that, the network-driven changes and assessments.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then with the MasterCard change in July, we'll see a little bit more of that. I guess it's not a pure number, the one that we're looking at for the quarter.
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think, that's the right way to think about it. You get a little more help in the September quarter from MasterCard, while at that point you'll have a full quarter of Visa. But yes, I think that's a fair way to think about it.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just for the big margin improvement in North America, is it safe to say that was pretty much all Canada? Or was some of that improvement also in the U.S.?
David E. Mangum: Actually, I would start you with the U.S. That is APT, which is 2 things. One is not a comparable quarter last year because we closed in October. In addition, just a very nice profitable business we've added that's growing and growing its profits at a rapid rate, married to a little slower ISO growth, which as you know, at the margin line and, quite honestly, at EBIT line as well, are not necessarily bad things for Global Payments, given how much that helps with the optics in North America and then total company margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roman Leal with Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Let me call the congratulatory comments to both Paul and Jeff.
Paul R. Garcia: Thanks, Roman.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe if we start off, David, you kind of talked a little bit about the moving parts U.S. versus Canada. To get to your full year guidance in terms of margins being flat to maybe slightly up, are the expectations that may be APT anniversaries and the ISOs start to go a little faster towards the second half of the year or Canada's maybe gets a little bit weaker second of the year? Can you walk us through the different moving parts to get to flat to slightly up for the rest of the year?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I'd be happy to. And I think I'll toss on top of that the rest of the world in total company, because that question is inevitable as well, I'm sure. So you've got the right question, the right pieces in mind. Let's start with -- at a total company level. Total company margin is about flat year-over-year in Q1. That's what we expect for the full year. Now below that, as usual, Global Payments have all kinds of moving parts. You put your finger on the correct view of North America. We closed the APT transaction last October, so Q1 gets a big benefit from that. We'll get a little bit of help in Q2 as well. And then we're benefiting right now from less margin pressure from the ISOs, that growth slows a bit with large numbers. However, there's nothing to stop the ISOs from billing lots of fees later in the year and that often happens in our Q -- in our Q3 -- for Q3 and our Q4. So we do allow for that to happen, and so to have a little slightly different trajectory from the ISOs later in the year. Frankly, we also expect Canada margins to be a little bit better in the first half of the year versus the second. That's where the time of the reprices and then how the metric shape for the full year. So if you think about those couple of things, we've got margin expansion on the first couple of quarters and then you probably ought to have a model that has margins for the second half of the year look a little like they did the second half of last year. As we go through the year, we post some Q2 results, we'll have another view of Q3 and Q4 and we'll talk some more about it at that time. If you park that for a second and, again, indulge me to the whole world for everyone why we're doing it, in international, we expect to be around the same level in FY '14 we were in FY '13 as well. So as we saw last year, and as I mentioned earlier in answering Tien-tsin's question, a lot of our most profitable products come on -- it's been a seasonally strong Q1, except DCC, and also our IPP products. Again, a lot in Spain and some of our other markets as we introduce them. So that will result in a strong Q1 margin, a little lower margin in Q2. But that's not unlike the sequential change in margin from Q1 to Q2 you saw last year. And then you should expect the same sequential change in Q3, traditionally our weakest quarter, but you're talking about U.S., Canada, U.K., Russia, anywhere around the world. So expect that again and expect that margin looks something like last year's margin. What's important about this, I think, and part of why I want to touch on it is, by the time you get out to Q4, we expect to be executing better in Asia. We expect some of these distribution partners to come through and be creating some level of leverage in some of these markets in that latter quarter. We expect continued execution in Europe so that you should have some margin expansion in Q4 in international overall. So that'll begin to play against the North America, which means for the total company, you get those trends. You lay in our corporate expenses, which are growing a little more than you would expect this year because of corporate security, and you end up in total, now for total company margins '14 over '13, slightly down on a year-over-year basis but would have been up without that incremental security. Those are the pieces.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. My follow-up maybe for Jeff, what's the strategy with the Caixa partnership in Brazil? And we're talking about the M&A pipeline, but how does the distribution or even the client pipeline looks like in Brazil? It could be a pretty important market obviously.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, thanks, Roman. We're very pleased with where we are in Brazil. We actually have roughly 1,000 merchants today processing with us in a very short period of time, just a number of months in Brazil. We expect the CaixaBank transactions, we said, to close this month in October. I think what we're going to get from the CaixaBank transaction is a few things. First, we're going to bring their technology into the Brazilian market. They have their own mobile point-of-sale technology today in Spain. One of our key initiatives is to roll that out into the Brazilian market, which we're working on now. We also expect to take DCC, which David just described, and we have, of course, in other markets to have that available by the World Cup, which, of course, is next summer here, June and July 2014 in Brazil. And we're also building -- looking at building an e-commerce business in Brazil from a distribution point of view, again, with CaixaBank. And then lastly, with Caixa, we've staked out a number of their customers who are already in Brazil today from a processing point of view who are their customers in Europe or Spain, have those become our customers in the Brazilian marketplace, as well as other customers of theirs in Latin America outside of Brazil. So I think there's a number of things going for us in Brazil, so we feel good about where we are. But we need to continue to expand that business and capitalize on where we are with CaixaBank.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe, if I may, a last -- one last one on Asia. David, I know you don't like calling bottoms here. But just given the sequential trajectory we're seeing and some of the distribution you're gaining there, is it safe to say that the sequential improvement continues going forward?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Particularly, I'd focus on the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year, but yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wayne Johnson with Raymond James.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: My question is really based on overseas as well. Can you talk a little bit about the Moscow market? Paul, I know you've done a lot of work on this, and I understand all parties have done a lot of work on it. But if we could talk a little bit about how that's been evolving, what you guys expect to achieve in that particular geography this year? And the follow-up is, does the relatively recent Qiwi IPO, that hurt or helped GPN prospects in that region?
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Wayne, this is Paul. I'll do Russia, and then I'll ask Jeff and David to do the second question. So Russia has been a nice double-digit growing business for us, pretty much from onset. It's an interesting demographic, about 140 million people, and credit and debit cards are growing very strongly there. So that kind of -- you get the benefit of that rising tide lifting all ships but we're also introducing a number of products. We have a very adroit sales force. We have superb management there, and we've done a great job of signing new business and expanding. For example, if you goes to Sochi for the Olympics, the great majority of those merchants, we send whole teams out there to sign them up, sign them up for credit cards, debit cards and for club cards, so which is very important to our Chinese partners. So we love that market. It's -- it has some intrigues, but we love that market and I love our management team there and most particularly, we all love our growth.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I would just add to your question, Wayne, about Qiwi. I think that the way to think about Russia, and Paul touched on it, is that the vast majority of the market called more than 90% remains cash and check. I think it's one of the government's initiatives in Russia to make the business -- to make their economy more electronic for all the obvious reasons. I think digital wallets, ATMs, top-up kiosks, all these other things, of which Qiwi is a part, are all good news to us. If you go back to what we described before, we're a service provider. The more choice that we have in market, the better the ability to displace cash and check at the point of sale, the more service providers, the more merchants who accept cards, those are all key inputs into what we do and I think Qiwi plays right into that. So from our point of view, that's fertile ground for growth, everyone around the world, but especially in Russia.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: All right, terrific. Congratulations on the announcement today.
Paul R. Garcia: Thanks, Wayne.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Let me just add my heartfelt congratulations to both of you. It's been a long road, Paul. So I very much appreciate everything you've done over the years for me so...
Paul R. Garcia: Well, thanks, Dan.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The question I had is, you added John to your board recently, John Partridge, to your board. And I'm interested, since we got you here, Paul, your thoughts about what opportunities he might be able to present to you guys in that there's new regions that he might want to bring you into, where there might be new technologies or partnerships, for that matter, given his experience with Visa?
Paul R. Garcia: Thanks for that one. I would say that we are just delighted to have John on our board. And John was President of Visa and he was, obviously, involved in all the issues that we went through when we had that data intrusion. And I think that in scenarios like that, you get to know the networks and the networks get to know the processor. And I think he felt comfortable with what we did and we felt comfortable with the way they did it and particularly, with John's leadership. He has -- as you mentioned, Dan, he has significant experiences, particularly in Latin America. He's a fluent speaker. He spent a lot of his career there. He's also a technologist. And his Rolodex is deeper than anybody's. So -- and he, by the way, is just at Visa, so he's bringing all current knowledge. He's bringing tons of contacts. He's bringing credible business acumen. And the thing that made us feel the best, it seems like a bit of an endorsement to us because this is not the only opportunity John has. So for him to accept our invitation, it felt pretty darn good that he would serve on our board.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just real quick on a follow-up. I keep trying to figure out how you guys are going to monetize your distribution asset, both domestically and then globally. And I hear you talk a lot about partner of choice. But I'm wondering, are you finding that a lot of new technology companies are increasingly coming to you directly proactively in order to get access to your distribution? And if so, how do you think about really monetizing that outside of just as partner-of-choice idea -- or strategy rather, sorry?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Dan, it's Jeff. I'll certainly start with that. So I think Tim asked this question. If you look ShopKeep; if you look at edo; of course, if you look at PayPal and some of things that they're doing, I think our ability to provide value-added services to our customer base and to our partners around the world is something that's very distinctive to us. And if you look at the customers that we have, who we have in multiple geographies like PayPal, for example, I think what you realize is that very few folks in the world that can provide that suite of services in multiple markets. So if you just go back to the conversation a few minutes ago, the partner-of-choice strategy is rooted in the notion that we can do well if our partners do well and if our partners do well, we don't, and providing with more value-added solutions that enable them to win in the marketplace and enable us to win on a direct basis makes a lot of sense to us. I think that's what you've seen with these announcements since the Investor Day in January, for example, along the lines of the mobile ecosystem that David described.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And is there a unified technology that they're able to plug into that falls under this partner strategy, so that you're easy to partner with quickly? Or is this separate and distinct for each partnership?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. That's a great question, Dan. So again, going back to the Investor Day, so one of the things about the partner of choice is that we have to make it easy to do business with us. Otherwise, people would decide it's too hard to partner. So if you look at some of the multinationals with whom we're doing business today that we've described on this call and previously, I think you'll see a common theme is, they're generally based on a variety of markets, many of the companies we're in market with in Europe and Asia are U.S. companies and domiciled here. And the reason they're selecting us is they know that they can do business with us in multiple markets, including, in particular, outside their home market. David described a few minutes ago in response to another question our International Acquiring platform, which is based in the U.K., we use that platform to provide card-not-present services to customers around the world. So to your question about kind of one solution, there's a very good example with one platform and how people can dial into multiple markets with us. Same thing is true for the mobile ecosystem that David also described. The ability for Intuit, PayPal and others to participate with us, not just in their home markets, but in markets around the world is also distinctive to Global Payments. So I wish I could say there is always one solution in every market that we're in, but obviously is our goal. But what I would say is that, I think we're much further down the path than many of our peers are and certainly, much down -- much further down the path of that strategy than we were just a number of years ago.
Operator: We will take the last question from Tulu Yunus from Nomura.
Tulu Yunus - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Let me just add my congrats to Paul and Jeff as well. Just 2 quick questions on North American revenues, actually. Firstly on Canada, can you -- thanks for the comments on the trajectory of revenue growth, I guess I was kind of curious how much of the Visa -- could you maybe give us some more detail around how much of the Visa assessments have actually really stuck around now with them being installed for several months now?
David E. Mangum: I'd be happy to. I really can't break that out. But I can tell you when assessments are introduced to a market, they become a new cost in the market for merchants. So 100% of the assessments stick around in that setting, which is why when you get to the level of Global Payments income statement, that becomes revenue as well as expense in our income statement, unless we're looking at that and saying, "While we have worked around this, we've got to create more value. Therefore, we might mark this up a little bit." But 100% of that sticks around from the perspective of the assessments themselves coming from the networks.
Tulu Yunus - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Understood. I guess I was more curious around the markup associated with the assessments. Has that more or less kind of stuck around here? Or should we expect that to kind of get computed away? I mean, I guess your comments around spread is having the stabilized help answer that question potentially but more curious around like the markup, the benefit that you guys are enjoying from those fees.
David E. Mangum: Yes. I think the key way to measure competition in the market is the one you mentioned, which is what is happening, particularly with credit spreads in the market. In the Canadian market, there's no room for changes in debit spread-outs and mix. And as you can tell, we think we've been -- we've had manageable credit spread changes the last 3 quarters, culminating in one that's flat this quarter. So I think you put your finger on the right thing. In terms of how all the other pieces come together, I would just tell you that everything is tracking along with our models right now.
Tulu Yunus - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just lastly, on U.S. revenues, you're basically putting up around 6% revenue growth this quarter. With APT anniversary-ing later this year, and keeping in mind that your guidance is kind of mid- to high-single digit, how do you get there as kind of APT anniversary? I guess -- are you going to see some pickup in some of these other lines of businesses, maybe just help me get there?
David E. Mangum: Yes. I don't expect us to see a material pickup, and we don't need that in order to hit the full year expectations. We will see the ISOs, we think, bill some of the fees I was describing earlier at odd times later in the year. APT, even when it annualizes, it's still going to be growing well into the double digits. Now marry to that to some of the other channels I described earlier, the gaming, the Greater Giving, we have all the pieces to go ahead and hit this sort of mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth for the full year on top of the Q1 performance.
Paul R. Garcia: You're welcome. And ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your interest in Global Payments and for joining us on this call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jeffrey S. Sloan - President
Analysts: Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments' Fourth Quarter and Year-end Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Elliott: Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments' Fiscal 2013 Fourth Quarter and Year-end Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. And joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, July 25, 2013, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. For fiscal 2013, we delivered revenue of $2.4 billion and cash earnings per share of $3.65. Fourth quarter cash earnings per share of $0.98 was towards the lower end of our expectations, primarily due to lower-than-expected volumes in Asia. As you know, we focused a significant portion of our efforts in fiscal 2013 on remediating security processes and regaining our PCI certification. As part of these initiatives, we accelerated planned investments in technology during 2013 to provide improved scalability for years to come, including new technology infrastructure, data centers and enhanced security capabilities. A key element of our planned 2014 growth is through the expansion of new and existing distribution channels, which we call our partner of choice strategy. We are successfully partnering with financial institutions, value-added resellers and other payment service providers offering merchants high-quality payment services around the world. Our business in the United States has benefited from differentiated distribution through the strategic acquisition of APT, which has performed above our expectations. And we anticipate it to continue to perform well in the coming year. I'm also happy to announce that we recently signed a multiyear contract extension with our largest and fastest growing U.S. third-party sales partner. Canada reported solid operating metrics and flat revenue growth in local currency in the fourth quarter. Very importantly, May delivered the revenue growth we expected. This performance sets Canada up for a much improved 2014. We are also delighted to announce a significant expansion of our relationship with CaixaBank. Given the success of our joint venture in Spain, we will now partner in Brazil, with the opportunity to further expand our partnership into other markets in Latin America over time. CaixaBank will take a 50% share in Global Payments Brazil, and will bring additional global customers, leading-edge products, and their acknowledged expertise into the Brazilian market. We plan to rename the company Comercia Global Payments Brazil. This investment underscores the strength of the relationship we have developed with CaixaBank. In our International segment, Europe's strong revenue growth of 7% for the year was driven by solid performance in all geographies. As payments evolve around the world, we continue to look for innovative partnership opportunities to provide cutting-edge solutions for our merchants. As such, I'm happy to announce that we recently initiated a new partnership in the U.K. with PayPal Here, a mobile POS product, which we expect to launch in late summer. We posted flat revenue performance in Asia for fiscal 2013. However, we expect to increase our market penetration and drive revenue growth in 2014. In fact, we are making progress in Asia, signing additional distribution partnerships as we speak. Finally, we are committed to completing additional strategic acquisitions and to continued share buybacks as evidenced by the newly announced $250 million authorization. Now I'll turn the call over to David. David?
David E. Mangum: Thank you, Paul. Fourth quarter cash earnings came in toward the lower end of our range of expectations, primarily due to performance in Asia and Canada. On a year-over-year basis, currency changes negatively affected total company revenues and cash earnings for the fourth quarter by about $6 million and $0.02 per share, respectively. North America revenue grew 4%, with U.S. revenue growth of 6%. During the quarter, new fees that payment networks introduced last year annualized and the fees billed by our ISO channel in aggregate grew at a slower pace than in the same quarter in fiscal 2012. As a result, we report a lower revenue growth rate than in a typical fourth quarter. However, it was about what we expected. And as a reminder, ISO fees to merchants are revenue pass-throughs to us and have no effect on operating income. In Canada, transactions grew 3% for the quarter, while credit spreads were down about 4%. We implemented our repricing actions as planned of late in the quarter, resulting in strong performance exiting the year in May. North America cash operating margin was 17.8% with operating income down 1% for the quarter. This reflects growth in the U.S. offset by an increase in technology spending and performance in Canada. International revenue grew 2% for the quarter in U.S. dollars. U.S. dollar revenue growth in Europe of 3% reflects unfavorable currency exchange trends, especially in the U.K. In local currency, Europe delivered solid revenue and transaction growth in all markets. Asia Pacific revenue declined 3% over last year, primarily due to lower-than-expected e-commerce and retail volumes across the region. International cash operating income of $57 million was down 7% compared to last year primarily due to performance in Asia and currency translation. Fourth quarter GAAP and cash tax rates were in line with our expectations at 28.6% and 28.5%, respectively. During the fourth quarter, we incurred pretax charges of $28.5 million for data intrusion remediation efforts. Full-year expenses totaled approximately $37 million, net of about $20 million of insurance proceeds. Remediation costs have recently run higher as we work to ensure all of our applications, tools and systems fully reflect our revised security standards and are operating at our required production scale and performance levels as we enter 2014. For the fourth quarter, we generated free cash flow of $101.6 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Capital expenditures were a little under our expectation of $23.6 million and $98.6 million for the fourth quarter and full year, respectively. Our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the year, was approximately $250 million. And for the year, we purchased a total of $175 million of shares under our original July 2012 $300 million authorization. This includes the $125 million accelerated share repurchase program that we announced in January and which we completed during the fourth quarter, as well as an additional $38 million of shares repurchased during the fourth quarter under this authorization. We anticipate completing the $300 million authorization during the first quarter of 2014. All purchases under this program are included in our 2014 financial expectations. I am also pleased that our Board of Directors has authorized a new repurchase program of $250 million for further buybacks. Potential share repurchases under this new $250 million authorization are not included in our fiscal 2014 expectations. So now let's turn to 2014. We expect revenue to range from $2.51 billion to $2.56 billion, reflecting 6% to 8% growth and cash earnings per share to range from $3.93 to $4 per share, reflecting 8% to 10% growth over fiscal 2013. Our fiscal 2014 outlook includes an incremental step function increase in security spending of approximately $17 million or as much as $0.15 per share. And without this increase, cash earnings per share growth for the year would be 12% to 14%. We expect total company cash operating margins, which includes the negative effect of the security spending, to be slightly down compared to fiscal 2013. We expect North America revenue to grow at a mid- to high-single-digit level, with growth in the U.S. of mid- to high-single digits and Canadian revenue growth in the mid-single-digit range in local currency. We expect cash operating margins in North America to be about flat to perhaps slightly increasing. We expect cash EBIT dollars to increase in the mid-single digits compared to last year, with both our core U.S. business and Canada increasing. We anticipate that our International revenues and cash EBIT will grow mid- to high-single digits in U.S. dollars. We expect stable cash operating margins for international. We expect mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth rates in local currency in the U.K. and Spain, strong double-digit growth in Russia, and flat revenue in the Czech Republic. We expect Asia to produce mid-single-digit revenue growth. We expect foreign currency effects to be about neutral to a slight headwind for cash earnings per share for the full year. We expect our effective tax rate to be about 29% and our diluted share count to be about 75 million. And as with 2013, we anticipate our highest tax rate over 30% in the first quarter with the other quarters then coming in at lower tax rates. We expect the distribution of quarterly cash earnings per share to be roughly consistent with 2013. And finally, we expect capital expenditures on the order of $90 million. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. To recap, for fiscal 2014, we intend to grow revenues in the high-single digits and cash earnings growth from at least that rate to the low-double digits. Importantly, these expectations include a significant step up in security costs of $0.15 in cash earnings per share for the year. Excluding these costs, annual cash earnings per share growth for fiscal 2014 would be 12% to 14%. We are positioning our company for sustainable, long-term growth throughout all regions and capitalizing on our scalable technological infrastructure and financial flexibility. I'll now turn the call over to Jane.
Jane Elliott: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And, operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, let me -- I'll ask about Canada. Just Canada with the flat revenues. I think you all are looking for something slightly positive on a constant currency basis. Looks like transactions ticked up. So what was the delta there? And also in May, can we assume it was growing in the mid-single digits and that's what's giving you confidence in the mid-single-digit outlook for the year?
David E. Mangum: Yes, Tien-Tsin, it's David. Overall for the quarter, we did see volume and transaction growth. I would say it was just a little lighter than we expected, and so Canada fell a little shy of our revenue expectations. If you go back to when we were entering the quarter, I would have said, and I'm sure I did say, it's a very important quarter for Canada, and that what we wanted to see was stability in the core metrics there. And I think the good news is we did. We saw relatively stable metrics, returned to a little bit better transaction growth of 3%. Maybe most important of all, and really importantly that was consistent with the third quarter, we saw about a 4% decline in core credit spreads. So as we discussed going into the quarter, more manageable declines, that of course, is before any impact from any reprices. So then you really hit the nail in the head with the most important part of the quarter for Canada, relatively stable metrics, nice sort of base from which then to go ahead and implement the price increases driven by the network assessment changes in the market. Those did indeed go in late in the quarter in May as planned. That performance in May sets us up for a much improved '14. I'm not really going to parse exactly what growth was in '14, but you're on the right track. Nice growth in '14, nice implementation of the price increases with reasonably solid underlying metrics. I mean, I'm far less concerned about a little bit of lightness in revenue in Q4 in Canada, and much more pleased about the outlook for Canada in '14 as I head into the year, given the implementation of the reprice.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. Just to add to what David said, what we talked back in January in Investor Day was to make sure that we exit '13 with a stabilization in Canada. I think David described it exactly right about where we are. I do think his guidance for fiscal '14 about Canadian revenue growth in the mid-single digits and local currency is really where we really want to be.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then Asia -- I know you said this is lower than expected, lower than we expected it as well. Just -- it sounds like there's some distribution deals that you're working on. Again, same question there, visibility to get back to growth in '14. It feels like it's been steadily declining or decelerating, so just trying to get a sense of the visibility there.
David E. Mangum: Yes, and obviously, a fair question is that was one of the real challenges for the quarter. We do have new distribution partners who have come online. It's certainly not enough volume to offset what we saw in Q4, but it should build nicely over the course of '14. Maybe as important and more important will be new partners we bring over the course '14. And maybe when I'm finished with this part of the answer, I'll let Paul add a little more color to that piece. But really what we saw in Q4 in Asia was some sequential deceleration. Deceleration, to make sure I'm clear on that, in e-commerce, in really a year-over-year decline that was obviously, unexpected. We saw weakness in general retail as well. That was headlined by a year-over-year decline in one of our larger customers in the region, and a little bit of weakness in DCC and IPP, where we had expected some growth in the installment payment plan products. I think when I think about going into '14 then, a couple of things really go in our favor, quite honestly the most straightforward one is the comparables are much easier. We have seen relatively stable underlying metrics as we exit the year, so transaction growth, for example, across the region. Relatively stable tickets and solid growth in transactions and volume in general should set us up for the kind of growth we're talking about, and we're not expecting anything other than solid but not spectacular growth across these same product lines I was discussing earlier, retail, e-commerce, DCC, IPP. And then we'll do a little bit of targeted repricing in markets that can support that over the course of the year. So all in, I think if you look at the way we exit '14, you're right, there's not a lot of great things going on in the Q4 of '14, but as we enter -- or Q4 of '13, excuse me, as we enter '14, looking for solid but not spectacular performance, and I think we're poised to deliver that over the course of the year.
Paul R. Garcia: So Tien-Tsin, this is Paul. I would add that keep in mind that Asia is 6% of our revenue. And we are committed to grow it. But the bigger story is that Asia should be a much larger percent of our revenue. So by growing it 10%, that's not, quite frankly, satisfactory. We have a -- and to be specific, I was asked, I think a quarter ago, how long is this going to take? Now there's no -- there's no guarantee on deals in strategic alliances and all the things we're working on. But we feel we have enough irons in the fire that -- I made a pretty bold statement that we would get something done. And I'm sticking to that statement. We are going to get something done. So we're going to grow Asia organically, but we have high expectations of something more dramatic in some exciting areas. And that's -- and I understand everyone needs to wait and see that. And we plan to deliver that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin, RBC.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I had a couple of questions. Can you start off by helping me kind of disaggregate a bit on the top line for fiscal '14, the guidance? This part of it that's pricing, this part of it's transaction, this part of it's products, but I would like to get a better sense because I hear David talking a lot about pricing, which sometimes it's much harder to grind out, versus the feeling that there's something better in the region or you've products got, you've got some partners. So if you could just kind of help me parse that a bit, I would appreciate it.
David E. Mangum: Sure, Dan. Happy to do that. And I think in regard to pricing, I'd point out, we're really talking about Canada there and the changes driven by the networks more than anything else on a worldwide basis. So if you were to disaggregate the way the markets are going to rollout or the way we think they're going to rollout over the course of the year, as you know the U.S. is an amalgam of a number of product lines. So in the U.S. we're expecting consistent growth from the ISO channel, but reflecting essentially the law of large numbers. That channel gets ever bigger, so on a percentage growth basis, it's not going to grow at the same rate it may have grown in '13, just as '13 didn't grow the same as '12. In the direct channel, you're familiar with our direct business there, it's going to perform solidly as it has for the last year or 2. No real change in trend there if you're thinking about sort of how should I take my model forward from '13 and into '14. That direct channel includes, of course, our joint venture with Comercia, which performed well in 2013, will continue to execute well in 2014. The gaming business we talk about from time to time is a very nice vertical play in the United States that generally hovers around high-single digit to low-double-digit revenue growth, which should perform again at that same level in 2014 based on our current expectations. We now will fully annualize APT, the acquisition from last year, and we're expecting that to continue to grow in the mid-teens with real operating leverage as well. So all in, in the U.S., we're talking about mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth and operating income or EBIT improvement in the United States as well. So those are the pieces of the U.S. and where we expect growth. When you think about the underlying metrics, while we don't provide forward-looking guidance on things like the operating metrics, we're really not looking for any fundamental sea change and how fast transactions grow or what happens with average tickets, hence what happens with volumes at all the United States. In Canada, we're looking for continued solid metric growth, so transaction growth, fueling volume growth, stable average tickets, and then that's the one market where I would really call out pricing because of what's going to happen from the networks. What already happened from one network, what happens again from the other network come July. So consistent performance of what we saw in Q3 and Q4 with underlying metrics that then results in mid-single-digit revenue growth in local currency. Now if you're doing your model, one thing to keep in mind is Canada's one place that'll likely get hit by currency in 2014. So mid-single-digit revenue growth in local currency there will be ameliorated somewhat by the effect of currency. So let's keep going east and we'll head to Europe, where in United Kingdom, same underlying comment I'd made in the other markets. In the United Kingdom, we have, as you're familiar, a couple of product lines, but the core credit and debit processing business we expect to perform in very similar fashion to the way it performs in 2013. So that's in local currency, mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth. Now that base business will grow and our International Acquiring business. We're acquiring cross-border. Card-not-present transactions will continue to grow well and help fuel that growth as well. In Spain, we're actually looking for, again, mid to high-single-digit growth, once again defying gravity in the Spanish economy with our partner, CaixaBank. Again in Spain though, I would say once more, transaction growth consistent with 2013, helping to drive that. With Russia, we've seen really accelerated high double-digit volume and transaction growth. We expect that still going into '14, but we've brought those expectations down just a hair. Again, the business keeps getting bigger, therefore, expect the exact same percentage growth. We take a couple of points off that as the business gets a little bit bigger, but the same kind of strong double-digit revenue growth we saw in 2013. And then the business in GP remains flat, so very consistent assumption as you're building your model for that business going forward. And then with Asia, it's really the answer I was chatting about with Tien-Tsin just a moment ago, which are that 2013 was a challenge, the comparables are set, the question becomes can we grow over that 2013 comparable with a next-to-better penetration with the existing products, improved distribution? And then can we see just a little bit more stable underlying metrics? And we think we're poised for that as we go into '14. So all in, I don't think there are a lot of surprises if pull apart the guidance with a little lower level of detail for you. It's mid- to high-single-digit growth in North America. It's international growth in total of mid- to high single-digits, which is an amalgam of an awful lot of really nice trends. And then a little bit of a haircut due to FX, adding up to the full range of 6% to 8% year-over-year on total company revenue level.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then let me just ask one other one because I know that was a long answer, so then I'll then hop off. Paul, you talked about acquisitions. And it sounded like -- I mean you kind of hit it quickly, but you sounded like you were a lot more serious about it in the way you kind of presented it. So is that something that we need to be mindful of? And if so, is there a geography that you're hopeful and maybe more serious about going after?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Dan, we have a pretty good pipeline, and they are in pretty much all of the geographies that we're involved in. But the question was about Asia. And I think what I said was that I can -- the reason we bought the other piece of the business from HSBC was in part to give us the flexibility to do some other deals. And we've been having -- that -- when did we do that transaction, David?
David E. Mangum: December, we closed it.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. So we've been having -- we had some conversations prior to that date, but now we're very serious about it. And yes, we are very focused. So I would say that Asia is a primary candidate for us doing some new types of deals. Now there are some other opportunities around the world we're looking at as well. But Asia is a primary point of focus for us as we speak.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Roman Leal, Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Similar question on -- just a break out of all the different drivers, but just on the margin side. Can you give us -- can you perhaps disaggregate as much as you can the -- what's driving the margins? Specifically, I mean -- North America, international would be great, but especially in the international, what's the -- why not -- what's kind of handicapping the margin expansion in '14 there?
David E. Mangum: Yes, happy to share that with you, Roman. This is David. So if you take the pieces of margin in total for the company -- Let me do North America first. I'll spend a little bit of time on international. North America is the addition of APT. And as the law of large numbers hits with ISO, little less pressure on the ISOs than you may have seen, say, a year or 2 ago. And then the improved performance in Canada, as you well know, with the ongoing ISO pressure having our second largest business then creating a big margin challenge has been among the more difficult things to manage from a margin perspective for the last couple of years. So to have that asset turnaround in '14 as we expect makes all the difference, and then being able to see a flat to slightly increasing margin on a cash basis in North America. In international, you really have 2 stories not unlike the revenue story in Q4, quite frankly. The more mature markets, or the more established markets is probably a better phrase, particularly of Europe, Spain, the U.K., continue to drive operating leverage, continue to drive margins forward, continue to drive operating income growth. We also see Russia continuing to drive real substantial leverage, double-digit growth -- growth well into the double digits on the revenue side, obviously, translating into really nice income growth as well and a very solid Central Europe business. What happens though in the opposite direction is Asia. So with Asia, though we're expecting some solid revenue growth, or at least a return to growth in the mid-single digits, we really are not slowing down what I guess I might describe as investment in Asia for the long term. When you hear Paul describe the long-term opportunity of Asia, the opportunity for more partners, the opportunity to bring more partners in, what that says to us is we should keep investing, in a circumspect and appropriate manner, but keep investing in Asia, not starve it of investment, and keep an eye on the long-term growth opportunity. So we are investing in infrastructure improvements there for scalability. We are migrating India, a huge growth opportunity market for us, we think, long term, off of a legacy platform, operated by HSBC under our own front-end and back-end platforms, and we're looking to invest in other partnerships across the region. So what you end up with is then operating income and hence growing much slower than revenue. And as a result, a pretty good-sized drag on margins overall for international that then are sort of offset by Europe and then to the extent you feel a little bit of FX here and there, that would be the reconciling item probably to anything you have in your model. If you then pop that up to the total company between those 2 regions, you've got something but we're expecting margins to be slightly down including security. That again is -- the ISO, the APT, the Europe and the Asia, with security then, you can do your own math, obviously, off the prepared comments. But security, obviously, is taking that margin backward on the order of 70 basis points. So you have some slight to modest margin expansion were it not for the security in total at the total company level.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Paul, the new buyback authorization, maybe help us think through the timing -- the potential timing of that. Is that going to be a balance between what you're seeing in Asia and other parts of the pipeline? Any color on the potential timing on that buyback will be helpful.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Roman. I can't be specific as to timing other than I think we have a long track record of saying that we have authorizations and then executing on them. And I would just ask you to rely on our past behaviors. However, our first use for our cash and our leverage is to do deals, and accretive deals in important areas. But we feel that we can carry out both of those objectives or we wouldn't have asked the board to authorize what we did.
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think maybe -- this is David. I'll add a little more color on that. Let us finish the previous authorization over the course of this quarter, and we'll come back based on judgment about the pipeline and timing as to what pace to embark on the next authorization. But as Paul said, quite rightly, I think we have a track record of executing them when we announce them. And we do believe we have the resources to both execute -- really to execute the entire strategy we described to you going back to January and the first priority of supporting a long-term growth and business expansion with ongoing, routine, share repurchases complementing that.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Dave Koning, Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess first of all, I just wondered international cash EBIT was down, I think, 7% year-over-year. And I don't remember you really addressing that in the prepared remarks, but that's down a little more than usual, because it usually grows pretty well. Maybe you could just talk through that for just a minute.
David E. Mangum: Yes, David, it's David. I'm happy to add more color. For the quarter, it's really 2 big drivers. It's Asia, which is down as you might imagine given the color a little earlier on Asia. So revenue growth, as you can see on the face of the income statement, is down. We have not arrested spending in Asia. So operating income is down. In fact, operating income would be down sort of proportionally with a greater effect then on revenue given that we're still spending on the infrastructure and on some of the migrations over there in Asia. At the same time then, we have very solid performance across the board in Europe that gets clipped by currency. So between Asia and currency, there's really your delta between what you may have expected or what we may have hoped to report for international overall versus what we did report.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just secondly, did the elevated security cost kind of going into next year that are going to run through the kind of normalized earnings, is that going to be kind of nonrecurring as we look out, or is that something that you expect to be ongoing?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I would describe that as a new run rate for a revised security posture for the company. So to be painfully clear, we don't expect another increase of $17 million in 2015. $17 million represents the new baseline added -- $17 million added to whatever other security we already had represents a new baseline that we would hope to actually scale. We've implemented a ton of tools, lots of new managed services. We've worked hard on perimeter defenses, internal monitoring, reporting all the things you can imagine, leveraging partners, increasing headcount where appropriate, all of that again is, I would say, is a new baseline from which we then hopefully scale over the course of '15 and beyond.
Paul R. Garcia: And, David, this is Paul, that's quite frankly, why we called it out because it is a step up.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg, Jefferies & Company.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to see if we can get a little more granular on the margins. I know we're talking about "slight year-over-year decline," but should we be thinking of that as more on the order of like 20 bps or 40 or 50 bps?
David E. Mangum: Yes, Jason, it's David. I think in that range, for us slight is -- I hate to parse the word slight, but it's really not 100 bps. It's less than 50 bps. It's in that kind of range.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Understood. And then what are you modeling for Canadian spreads in fiscal '14 as well as transaction growth?
David E. Mangum: Yes, so in '14, then again we don't parse forward-looking metric expectations, but what we are expecting is transactional growth and, what I would call, core spread declines, very similar to what you saw in the second half of this fiscal year, which we reported to you, which is -- we just did a quarter with 3% transaction growth and about 4% core credit spread decline. So that's the underlying metric for the outlook for Canada for '14.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So just to make sure I'm clear on that. So 4% with a slight compression in Q4, but presumably you exited the quarter a bit better than that after the price increase, right?
David E. Mangum: That's correct. So I'm going to parse words, and I apologize for it in advance. That's why I call it the core credit spread. That's the underlying assumption what the base would do before you brought into that what is the pricing impact going to be.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I got it.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Jason, it's Jeff. I would just add to that, that without trying to parse it even further, when we separated it out that way, there's the core spread as David described, and then we always do assume that there's pricing attrition. So we don't assume any pricing changes continuing in perpetuity.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just to be clear, Dave, how much is remaining on the $300 million buyback, the amount you said you'd complete this quarter?
David E. Mangum: Sure, Greg. So let me reconcile that for you. I appreciate your asking. I'll go all the way back to the beginning to be -- hopefully to be painfully clear. The original authorizations we started last fiscal year was $300 million. We did some open market repurchases of about $13 million around the second quarter. We did our accelerated share repurchase, which we announced in January and closed in the fourth quarter to the tune of $125 million. Then we did some more open market repurchases to the tune of $38 million in the fourth quarter. So as of May 31, as we exited the quarter, we had about $125 million left. And as you might imagine, we're on our way to completing that piece of the authorization over the course of the first quarter of 2014.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, obviously, that is in the guidance but none of the incremental $250 million buyback?
David E. Mangum: That's exactly right, Greg.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, Paul, do you want to just -- can we get your view on European interchange, potential regulation, and how you see that maybe playing out for Global Payments?
Paul R. Garcia: Sure. So, Greg, first of all, it's going to play out over a long period of time. I think we all know this is years. But at the end of the day, and not to boil this down too simplistically, but at the end of the day, complications are not bad. Downward pressure in interchange is typically good for all acquirers, quite frankly. And I'm not saying that would give us an opportunity to raise prices or anything necessarily. It simply takes some pressure off of us because the merchants total discount rate is reduced rather dramatically, the pressure in our spread, quite frankly. Now there are some discussions about transparency. Quite frankly, our deals are incredibly transparent today. So we're not worried about any of that. So the short answer is it's a good thing for us. There's a lot more chapters to be played down on this. The only kind of fair case you could make would be would you get interchanged to a level that banks would be discouraged from issuing cards? I would just tell you from our personal experience and in some markets that we're not involved in like Australia. If you look at where interchange levels were and how many cards are in the market, and then a significant reduction in interchange and how many cards in the market, I would tell you in Spain, there's actually more cards. Our partners actually issued more cards. So there's still a case that they can make a -- they can make a quite nice living. And the last thing I would say is that it doesn't mean that the consumer doesn't pick up some piece of this, in Australia, for example. I think MasterCard is trying to hit the EU maybe a little too heavily, so says someone in the Journal today. But I kind of get where they're coming from, sentiment-wise. I mean, this is the balloon, right? You push on it one end, it's going to pop out somewhere else. So long and short of it, it's good for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene, Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Dave, maybe could help me out. You had a lot of prepared comments and you talked about North America or specifically U.S. growth that's 6%, which we all know kind of slowed. And you talked about a few dynamics there. Can you kind of walk through that again? And more importantly, is this sort of a one quarter phenomenon, and do we kind of bounce back? And then I have a follow-up.
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think Glenn, the way to think about that is all these fees -- the new fees have all annualized by the time we got to the fourth quarter. And then the biggest play in any given quarter in our revenues is what do the ISOs do with their own fees? We don't control it. Quite honestly, other than reporting revenue growth, we really don't care about it. It doesn't provide any profits, so that's always a swing. So I think Q4 was lower than you should expect in any given Q4 as a general rule with the big swing, obviously, always being those fees from the ISOs. As we look forward, what we're saying for the full year for the U.S. is mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth, which reflects the law of large numbers and the ISOs in general and then really nice growth in APT, in gaming and solid performance in our direct channels. So as we sit here at $1 billion plus of revenue in the U.S. overall, mid- to high-single-digit revenue, it's a pretty nice number. Do I expect to do better than 6? Yes, in a lot of quarters I do. And then the ISO fees at any time could swing that back towards 6 or 5, obviously, mid allows an awful lot of room in that range. But we want to make sure we talk about Q4 here. Because Q4 is usually a big seasonal revenue growth quarter for the company. I think Q4 '14, we should see decent seasonal growth again. But again those fee's swings could cause it to drop a few points at any given time.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then I -- it probably relates to the North America margins as well, which actually were better than what we were looking for despite the revenue mess and relative to our numbers in U.S. and Canada. Is it the same phenomenon? I mean, ISO is driving somewhat better margins there. And the other question related to North America margins is how much of a contribution was APT to the margins?
David E. Mangum: Yes, it's a great question, and, yes, it is a part of it. It's always a mix of a number of things. But each margin conversation in a quarter, particularly in North America, starts with how much ISO pressure you're feeling. And anything that slightly reduces that makes it a little bit easier for us to operate. And then APT is more than doing the job we expected of it when we closed it in October, which is obviously, quite helpful in the underlying numbers as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just following up on the North American margins. I think you said, David, that they'll be up year-over-year, and I don't think we've seen that in a long, long time. So I guess I'm just struggling. It sounds aggressive to me. Can you just help me feel better about that in fiscal year '14?
David E. Mangum: Be happy to, Bryan. I think that for North America, to parse it into its pieces again, we will get a full-year benefit and very nice growth from APT inside the United States. We should see, again, law of large numbers, ISO revenue growth slow down a bit. So that headwind that starts every quarter for us should be a little less challenging. That's on top of a U.S. business, where EBIT grew in 2013 to begin with, because this is part 2 of the explanation. Canada by definition was going backward in 2013. It goes forward in 2014. So flipping Canada around makes as big a difference as anything in North America in 2014. And to your point, it's been some time since we've seen this. It's been some time since Canada's headed in this forward direction.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And, Bryan, it's Jeff. I would just go back to what we said in January at our Investor Day, stabilizing Canada is an important part of what we're trying to achieve toward the end of fiscal '13 going into '14. That coupled with the investment in APT and the actions that Dave described are big parts of the reason why we expect the margin to do what Dave described in '14.
David E. Mangum: So, Bryan, and to finish the pieces, you've got the U.S., the Canada, and then remember the technology investment that increased in 2013, and that increase doesn't recur. The cost, obviously, is still inside the run rate, but that elevated level of increase doesn't recur. So all in, with North America then, those are the pieces of where we expect to see the opportunity for flat to maybe increasing margins for the first time in a while. Then the final piece of this is that the security investment is going to appear in the Corporate segment because it's an investment for the total company. So hence, those are the moving parts of North America and then the one piece that you may have been wondering about from reconciling item perspective.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: What about FX? Because I would think that the Canadian dollars is going to weigh on you and weigh on that margin in the quarter throughout the year?
David E. Mangum: Yes, that's incorporated so -- great question, Bryan. In our prepared comments, we talked about the opportunity for neutral to a slight headwind overall given FX for the full year for the company. Our outlook for that, given the very sources we try to use, is for the dollar to strengthen against the Canadian dollar a little bit and then weaken a hair against some of the European currencies, so that all in -- and then be neutral against some other European currencies, so that all in, you've got this opportunity in total for neutral to a slightly -- a slight headwind from FX. But the idea of an FX headwind in Canada is incorporated in the North America outlook.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just lastly, Paul, just a follow-up on some of the EC regs that are out. I guess I was under the understanding you guys bundled some of the merchant acquiring in Europe. So an unbundling kind of what they're pushing at, I think, would have an impact on you guys.
Paul R. Garcia: I'm not going to agree with you, quite frankly. I think if we're talking about that level of reduction -- by the way, that is correct. For smaller guys, we do, indeed. So let me just say that you are accurate. For larger guys, not necessarily. In fact, I would say most usually, not at all. They have a discrete pricing. It's typically over interchange and assessments, and it's explained as basis points or euro cents per transaction or pence per transaction. Now for the smaller guys, it would be transparent. Their -- it's already highly competitive. Those rates, I think, are pretty good. But once again, the overall rate goes down. So if you're a small merchant, you know all the aspects of that. I think you're going to look at the end result of a much lower rate, and I think that's good. I really do. But I think we check back with each other in 2 years and we'll see, maybe 3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer, CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I was curious -- I have 2 questions. What -- first, what will la Caixa bring to your Brazil effort that's been installed? As best I can tell, they don't really have a presence in Brazil or infrastructure there. So concerning the branch level selling that goes on there, I'm not quite sure what they bring to the equation other than money. Secondly, if China continues down the road, are they more open -- a more open situation for outside players in the payments infrastructure? Does that help or hurt you if, say, someone like First Data with huge resources could go in there unencumbered?
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. Well, let's -- this is Paul. Let me start with the Brazil question. I'm going to ask Jeff to pick a piece of that and throw it back to me for China, if you would, Jeff. So on Brazil with CaixaBank, they have a number of significant and, in many cases, these are direct investments and possibly even board positions with a number of significant players also in Brazil that could be potential customers for us. Secondly, they have a bunch of technology that makes up a lot of sense that will help accelerate some of our product delivery. Thirdly, and I think it -- to be a little bit disingenuous, Craig, if I didn't say the money doesn't matter, it does. They bring a partner that will help us make appropriate investments without being as consumed with the impact from quarter-to-quarter to really get the full benefit. I mean, this is -- this is clearly 1 plus 1 equals 3. And in terms of the distribution, I would tell you, we're up and live. We have -- we're being in a fair number of merchants per day right now. I mean, fair number. And it's -- we're building this thing pretty much faster than we thought we would. So -- and it does not preclude us, and this is very important, it does not preclude us doing more with other financial institutions in terms of added distribution. In fact, you could argue la Caixa or CaixaBank is not encumbered because of what you just said, so they will also help us in that regard. So I think this is nothing but good news. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Frank, it's Jeff. I would just add to what Paul said on that topic. Now la Caixa and CaixaBank has relationships with other financial institutions with multinational merchants in markets not just in Brazil but around the rest of Latin America. So if you go back to Paul's prepared comments, it's important that this is focused in Brazil. But we're also looking at the picture in the rest of Latin and South America, where CaixaBank has many relationships, both on the customer as well as on the financial institution side.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Before you move on to China, is there -- has the privatization of Redecard given you an opportunity to go after some of the banks that were or still are affiliating through them?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Craig, it's Jeff. The answer is absolutely. So we've seen a sea change in the Brazilian marketplace in the last year, so coming out of the Itau purchase of Redecard. I think other large banks in market recognize that they're after the same book of business, from a banking point of view, that Itau is after. So the receptiveness that we've gotten since that deal was announced and certainly closed has gone up quite a bit versus where it was when we first started in that market 2.5 years ago. And I think we'll see more of that down the road.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. So let me talk about China, Craig. So the question was if China -- and we think by the way, they will. If China makes it easier for others, other players, non-Chinese players, to be involved in their markets, is that good or bad for us? I think that anything that reduces the level of regulation and opens up the gates a little more fully is good for us. Now we clearly have first mover advantage. But we are -- we do have some encumbrances. I mean, we are the only non -- to our knowledge, the only non-Chinese company that can acquire in renminbi today. But we haven't enjoyed the full measure of that, and part of it is some of the regulations that we are burdened with. Now we're also uniquely positioned with CUP. We are the member of the larger board of their international organization in North America. We're the only member, in fact. And that's a big deal. So we have unique relationships. We have first mover advantage. And clearly, others are going to get in and attempting to get in, but I think that is more good for us than bad for us than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff, Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I just had one question. You talked a lot about India last quarter and a little bit more this quarter as an interesting target market where your penetration is fairly low. Can you just sort of paint a picture of how -- what would a JV there with a bank look like, or just kind of give us a sense of how that would work? And is it expensive? Is there a lot of competition for those JVs? Kind of just give us a sense of how that looks.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. I'll speak kind of notionally. So a JV -- typically, it's -- we have a 51, they have a 49, although we're open to different structures, us having more potentially, even a 50-50. It depends though on what we're trying to accomplish. In terms of is it expensive? I think anything that's attractive in India is going to be fully valued plus some. I think the -- I think they are very smart operators and understand the value of what they have and understand the opportunity a JV with a significant player would provide. So yes, I think you'd pay off for that. It doesn't mean it's not going to be cash accretive. I think all deals we do are cash accretive. But it's all I can say on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kwok, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering around -- I know you've given guidance around how we should think about EPS for the next quarter, but I was just wondering are there seasonality with regard to the operating margin for each of the different segments?
David E. Mangum: Yes, Steven, this is David, there are. And typically, what you'd see is stronger margins really for each of the 2 segments in Q2 and Q4, with the lower margins being reported in Q1 and Q3. In Q3, in particular, our February quarter kind of crosses over the year end in a number of markets, usually being the weakest both from an EPS as well as from a margin perspective.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally, with regards to the additional charge I was taking on the processing preach, I was -- are there other charges that's going to occur in 2014? I was just wondering when we'll see the end of that.
David E. Mangum: Right. We expect a little bit of modest spill over into Q1, and then that's the end of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos of Crdit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just wanted to go back to Brazil for a second. Has anything changed in terms of how you think of that region from the perspective of strategic importance as kind of maybe gone down a little bit on your list of things to do?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: George, it's Jeff. No, it hasn't. I actually think the CaixaBank announcement should highlight that we expect to increase our strategic focus on -- in Brazil. As Paul mentioned, we started operating in that region. As we said previously in the fourth quarter, fiscal '13, so we're live with customers now, which obviously, is a key milestone for what we're doing. We think that the rationale behind the CaixaBank deal will allow us to accelerate the growth of that business, make additional investment, as Paul described, and bring many of the leading-edge products and technologies that CaixaBank has in Spain, in many cases, with us in partnership into the Brazilian marketplace. So I actually see it as quite the opposite. It also adds, George, the ability to look at additional markets in Latin and South America beyond Brazil through their relationships. I view that as additive to our investment in Brazil. But I think it means that we feel very good about where we are there, and we're very pleased to expand our partnership with CaixaBank into that market.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And can you just remind us what the expense drag from Brazil was from an investment standpoint in '13? And now with Caixa coming in for 50% of it, those expenses will no longer hit the operating line, right? They'll be -- they'll go below the line, am I thinking about that correct?
David E. Mangum: Yes, you're on it right, George. So we really didn't parse it out fully. It is about $0.04 for the year is the way to think about it of pure expense. What's interesting about that is as we go into '14, what we're looking to do with our partners at CaixaBank is actually amp up that investment. As you get live, you might imagine, you have expense in front of revenue. So you're hiring salespeople, you're getting product out, and then you're bringing the revenue in through the distribution channels. So what you should really expect is you'll see -- we closed it probably at the end of Q1, so maybe some business as usual kind of Q1, and then we'll be back to when we close as to whether there's any effect. But it's quite possible you'll never notice it in the face of the P&L and we really won't chat much about it other than your core second point, which is what's going to change from a geography standpoint. Well, Brazil likely, by that time, will no longer be in the North America segment. It will roll through, will deconsolidate, and you'll see it in income, but you won't see it in the pieces above the operating line.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's conference call. I'd now like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Garcia for closing remarks.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, operator, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your interest in Global Payments and for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-04-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jeffrey S. Sloan - President
Analysts: Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments' Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments' Fiscal 2013 Third Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures, such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, April 2, 2013, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. Our third quarter performance was consistent with our expectations, and we are pleased with the progress we have made in achieving our 2013 initiatives. For the third quarter, revenue grew 8% to $579 million and cash earnings per share grew 5% to $0.87. I am pleased to note that we are on track to achieve our full year revenue and cash earnings expectations. I'm gratified to report that during the quarter, we returned to the worldwide list of PCI-compliant companies. This was a significant milestone and I am proud of the accomplishments of our team. We are particularly grateful to our customers, partners and the card networks for their support. Now that the remediation work is behind us, we can turn our full focus to driving the business forward. To that end, I want to highlight 3 specific growth areas. First, our partner of choice strategy. You heard a lot of about this at our Investor Day. We have been successfully partnering with financial institutions, value-added resellers and other payment service providers offering merchants high-quality payment services around the world. We anticipate driving further growth and expansion in new and existing distribution channels through the partner of choice strategy. A case in point: our partnership with Intuit in the U.K. is an example of a new distribution channel. The Intuit Pay mobile POS product was formally launched on March 14. And Intuit recently won the best SMB Innovation Award at PYMNTS.com Innovation Award ceremony. In addition, and as we also discussed in January at our Investor Day, integrated payment solutions, such as those delivered by APT, will provide significant leverage to our direct sales efforts in North America in the coming fiscal year. Secondly, we are continuing to invest in technology infrastructure that will give us scalability for years to come, including new data center facilities and state-of-the-art security capabilities. Additionally, we are pleased to note that we have completed certification with Visa for contact and contactless EMV cards in the U.S. We are on track to complete certification with the other networks prior to the mandated dates later this month. Thirdly, in this ever-changing payments environment, we will continue to innovate in our core business and introduce new product offerings. For example, in the next 90 days, we will be ready to offer in-store PayPal acceptance to our U.S. merchants. Our proprietary mobile PayApp product, which recently piloted at Hong Kong, received an Innovation Award at Visa's annual Hong Kong event. We have now expanded the PayApp pilot to include merchants in the United States. Further, we just launched a pilot in the U.S. with edo, a leader in personalized card-linked offers for a merchant loyalty program that provides instantly redeemable offers tailored to customer's individual shopping habits. Through edo, our merchants' customers can access a card-linked offer platform with 200 million cards on file across 200 banks, including importantly, 3 of the top 6 financial institutions in the United States. These innovations leverage our existing merchant relationships, enhance merchant retention, grow new business and will provide new revenue sources. I will now turn the call over to David. David?
David E. Mangum: Thanks, Paul. North America Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 8% in the quarter driven by U.S. transaction growth of 10%. Canada's revenue declined 7% in local currency versus prior year. Transactions grew 2% for the quarter but spread declined at a mid-single-digit rate. We do anticipate an improved fourth quarter in Canada, with modest revenue growth in local currency. North America cash operating income or EBIT dollars were $63.2 million with a cash operating margin of 15.5%. In the fourth quarter, given our Canada revenue assumptions, we anticipate that the North America margin will be similar to the margins in the first half of the year. International revenue grew 10%. In local currency, Europe posted strong revenue growth driven by transaction growth in all markets. Strong U.K. performance was fueled by e-Commerce growth on our International Acquiring platform. Asia-Pacific revenue increased 2% over last year as volume continued to track below our original expectations across the region. We now expect low single-digit revenue growth from Asia for the full year. International cash operating income of $60.6 million was up 5% with an operating margin of 35.6%, for a decrease of 160 basis points versus prior year, about as we expected for the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we anticipate a modest sequential increase in operating margin. Third quarter GAAP and cash tax rates were about 27%, in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, GAAP and cash tax rates are approximately 28.5%, which we also expect for the full year of fiscal 2013. During the third quarter, we incurred pretax charges of $17 million for data intrusion remediation efforts, offset by approximately $18 million of anticipated insurance proceeds for a net credit of $1 million on the GAAP income statement. Year-to-date, our net data intrusion expense is $8.3 million, and we now anticipate that the net full year 2013 expenses for the data intrusion will total approximately $20 million. Assuming we receive the remaining $10 million of insurance proceeds sometime in our fiscal 2014, the estimated cost for the processing system intrusion from its inception last year will total approximately $95 million. We generated free cash flow of $52 million, which included cash outflows related to the processing system intrusion. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. During the quarter, capital expenditures totaled $21 million, primarily related to terminal purchases. We continued to anticipate that full year capital expenditures will total about $110 million. Our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the third quarter was approximately $220 million. As a reminder, on January 17, 2013, we announced a $125 million accelerated share repurchase program and initially received approximately 2 million shares of the company's common stock. We will complete the program in the fourth quarter, and at that time, we'll have just under $165 million authorized for further buybacks. We are reaffirming our financial expectations and continue to anticipate total company fiscal 2013 revenue of $2.36 billion to $2.4 billion, representing 7% to 9% growth, and cash earnings per share in the range of $3.64 to $3.71, resulting in a 3% to 5% growth over fiscal 2012. We have also updated our annual fiscal 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share expectations to include the estimated full year impact of net intrusion remediation costs of approximately $20 million or $0.17 per share. Including the estimated full year impact of acquisition-related intangibles, nonrecurring items and processing system intrusion costs of approximately $0.77, GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $2.87 to $2.94. And now we'll turn the call back to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. We have built a strong foundation in our strategy to expand distribution through partnerships and innovation while producing tangible results. We believe that no one is better positioned to take advantage of expanding worldwide payments. I'll now turn the call over to Jane.
Jane M. Forbes: [Operator Instructions] And operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Roman Leal of Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe we start with Canada, and it's good to hear you're reaffirming your expectations of acceleration in the fourth quarter. But this quarter seemed a little bit weaker than what we were expecting. What gives you confidence that in that perhaps, can you walk us through what you saw maybe January, February, March? Is the trend relatively improving over the last few months?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Roman, it's Jeff. I'm going to start on Canada, and David will certainly join me. So the first thing, a point to David's commentary in his prepared remarks, is we saw a mid-single-digit decline on spread in the quarter as he described. While we're not where we want to be as it relates to spread, that is an improvement. As you had mentioned, Roman, that is an improvement in our performance in Canada that we've seen over the last number of quarters. So you may remember that in managing Canada, it's a mix of spread, transaction growth, the economic environment, new sales and controllable costs. Spread has been a big driver over the last number of quarters in terms of results, and that mid-single decline that David referenced is important to note. The second thing I would say that we saw on the quarter is a change and a decline in volumes. So when you look at volume in Canada, and now I'm talking about specifically Visa volume, not just the Global Payments but for the whole country of Canada for Visa, we saw a deceleration of those volumes that also impacted at the margin the results that you referred to in the quarter. So we feel like we're tracking well from a share point of view against those metrics but we certainly saw a weakening of Visa volume not specific to Global in the quarter. So when we think about the fourth quarter that David alluded to in his prepared remarks, we think we've seen some progress, not where we want it to be, but some progress on spread declines, a little bit weaker of an economy as reflected in the Visa volumes and then the actions that we've talked about before for the fourth quarter that should help us finish the year as we alluded to. David?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Just to add a little more color to that, Roman, obviously in the fourth quarter, you've heard us say before, it's a pretty important quarter to watch the spread trends and make sure that what we saw annualizing early in the calendar year in terms of the big spread declines from last year really do start to come in at sort of a more manageable level to which you hopefully then could marry transaction growth, which, of course, you didn't see in Q3 to then the other opportunities to sort of manage the economics of the business with the new assessments coming out and the new opportunities to manage around those assessments for hopefully greater economic return on the fourth quarter.
Paul R. Garcia: I would just add to what David said, Roman, that we remain pleased with our new direct sales in Canada, including in particular some large accounts that we've won recently. So you marry that all together, we feel confident in heading into the fourth quarter of fiscal '13.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just -- this is a follow-up. In international, it seems like the margins were unusually strong last quarter, maybe unusually weak this quarter. Was there -- is there something in regards to timing or seasonality that perhaps we missed there? What drove the margins in international?
Paul R. Garcia: We have the typical seasonality that happens in every Q3, really around the business, whether you're talking about North America or most of our assets around the world. You've heard me even say that even Russia actually sees a seasonally light third quarter, as odd as that may sound, even thinking about a high-growth business like that, a high-growth market like that. When you start to think about international margins for the quarter, in isolation, I would point you back to -- we did talk about last quarter the margins would be down a little bit in the third quarter when compared to previous, and really the 2 key pieces to that when we looked ahead and then they sort of essentially came true, the margin again right about where we expect it, maybe a little bit more EBIT dollars in total than we expected, given some of the mix issues I'll talk about in a second. So the declines in Q3 really in international margins are driven by continued sluggish revenue growth in Asia, where we continue to see volumes running far shy of what we hope to see at the beginning of the year, and again, lots of macro involved in that. Of course, remember we saw average tickets decline in the summer and we've seen soft transactions and result in soft volume across Asia. With that, Asia is one of our main scale drivers over the last 3 years of the company's margin performance, particularly in international when that then hangs around low-single digits, it's not scaling margins and is a drag on total international margins. At the same time, we're seeing really different revenue mix in the United Kingdom, and this started to show through in the income statement in the second quarter when we saw outsized growth in general in Europe and talked about that being fueled by United Kingdom business, out of which we run a product or a platform we call International Acquiring, which is the processing of cross-border e-Commerce transactions on behalf of a number of merchants that are one quite large but any number of others, we signed about 30 more for that platform for this -- in this year alone. Now that business drives a great growth on the top line but operates at a lower contribution margin or incremental margin than our core credit and debit processing products in the U.K. So you get great revenue growth, we're seeing terrific revenue growth, you can see that in the top line, we look at the year of growth Q2 and Q3 year-over-year. And that will continue to grow, we think, with secular trends on transaction and with new merchant signings, we continue to add more and more to the platform, as I referenced earlier. So between those 2, you've got a couple of things that are headwinds married to perfectly fine margins and nice progress really across the region in general when you think about our international businesses. So the margins in the other markets are just fine. I think as you look ahead to Q4, we're looking to see some sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. We sing -- we swing toward a more seasonally strong quarter in the fourth quarter, and that's true again across the board just as Q3 was true across the board. And we're continuing to expect solid mid-single-digit growth in EBIT for the full year, and that's held down, as you well know, on a year-over-year basis by currency.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Koning of Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess my first question, just last quarter I think you talked about North America margin being more or less flat sequentially, and I know it ended up about being down about close to 200 basis points. And I guess just figuring out kind of where the disparity between those came from.
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, David, I think if you look at North America, what we may be best to marry it to the international commentary I just gave an answer to Roman's follow-up question. If you look at the total company for the quarter, lots of puts and takes as there always are in a business this large and this complex. So a little bit more performance than you might have expected from international, U.K., especially, maybe a little less in North America quite honestly and little less in Canada. We had the nice metric of just mid-single-digit declines in spread, which we're cautiously optimistic, portends better things as we go forward. On the other hand, Canada still had its revenue decline 7% in local currency and that's a clear headwind as you enter the quarter. So if you look at the puts and takes really across North America, you get that little bit shy on just overall performance with the revenue decline in Canada heading a little north of what we thought. If you marry that then, we got U.S. revenue, kind of right on we expected for the quarter, maybe a little bit shy, but perfectly fine putting in lots of puts and takes in any given quarter. So the Canada revenue decline with really strong ISO growth, which always puts more pressure on the margins. We continue to have that down on an annualized basis, the movement of CyberSource up from the indirect model to the ISOs, the tech spending continued and our increased -- and our expenses increased in Brazil as well. All that offset by the positive impact of APT. And as you probably pause here for a second and remind you, we talked about APT helping margins between the 50 basis points total company and 70 for North America for the full year, it's running a little bit ahead of that. But it's running that in the face of a little bit more challenging situation in Canada than we might have thought going into the quarter and then just sort of the same general performance you're used to where ISOs can drive a lot of margin swings just inside of each and every given quarter. So when we look out to the fourth quarter, which may be the best way to answer your question, I think I do expect to see some margin improvement in the fourth quarter, maybe returning to the levels we saw kind of in the first half of the year if you kind of average Q1 and Q2 maybe back toward those levels. And that's really driven by a typical Q4 in Global Payments, seasonal revenue improvements as usual in our direct channels. And in Gaming and our Greater Giving, where, as you'll recall, we'll do 50% of the full year revenue in the fourth quarter alone. And then you should probably expect us to do the traditional fourth quarter pricing actions we do in that business every year as you get your bolt-ins from the networks and work around those.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just my follow-up then. If Canada, I mean should that be sustainable growth going forward now, and if so, then can we expect EBIT to grow in North America in fiscal '14 behind that in APT?
David E. Mangum: Well, I think you're ahead of the game when we're talking about fiscal '14. I would say this, that what we've talked about before when you deal with Canada, you've got -- well, North American utility, you've got APT coming in, you've got the U.S. business, you've got some trends that will normalize in general in terms of our investment spending hopefully in places like Brazil and technology. And then Canada, it comes down to do we continue to have more manageable spreads that allow us to offset those sort of core spread declines with transaction growth and with any other creative economic things we can do in and around pricing with assessments, and those are the pieces that hopefully we have a much more on toolkit as we enter Q4 than we had 2 months ago.
Paul R. Garcia: And let me add something too, if I could, David. Dave, this is Paul Garcia. Clearly, we understand that our job as management is to grow our company in all of our areas. And while we're not prepared to give any FY '14 guidance, I just want you to know that we certainly understand the charge at hand and we're very focused on doing just that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kwok of KBW.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I guess 2 question I have, one was just -- was curious in what was the spread compression in Canada in the second quarter? And just wanted to see what the trajectory is going forward.
David E. Mangum: Yes. Steven, David here. I don't have the exact number in front of me. We've been running in the low to mid-teens in Canada for the last 4 quarters. So that exact number, 12, 13, 14, 15.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Got it, got it. And then going forward now with the processing intrusion behind the company, what are the areas that you guys are focused on to drive earnings growth? And additionally, does that help with the ability to make additional acquisitions or -- and/or incremental capital management?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think, let me touch on capital and then I'll turn to Paul to talk about some of the initiatives. He touched on some of this in his prepared comments. I think -- remember we said at the Analyst Day that you should continue to expect us to look for global expansion. We still think that's the first and early use of our excess capital. That said, we expect to be consistently in market buying back stock as well. So from a capital perspective, you should expect us to stay consistent with that planned strategy we articulated in mid-January. I guess I'd point out as we're exiting Q3 and heading into Q4, we still have that accelerated share repurchase extant. And then we'll look out and talk some more about that as we close that out and give you sort of the final accounting on that. And then with that, maybe, Paul, some of the more specific initiatives?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, thanks, David. Steven, during a most difficult time for our company, a difficult time for any company, one of the most significant challenges you could face, we actually -- we grew our company. But I would tell you that we had a number of initiatives on hold, these things you couldn't pursue. And I don't think we fully recognized just how that would impact a lot of innovative things, new customer signings, large customers, a number of things that we had in place to execute in this fiscal year that we're just now executing on. So that's why I was upbeat on my comments and why we're very focused on things like partner of choice. We're making significant progress internationally and domestically. We're signing big merchants. I mean, big, like billion dollar merchants in various locales around the world. That wasn't on the table. So things are -- very positive things are happening, which I think will set us up well for fiscal '14.
Operator: Your next question comes from Georgios Mihalos of Credit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just wanted to circle back on the transaction growth in North America. It looked like there was a bit of a slowdown both in Canada and the U.S. And maybe speak a little bit more broadly, what are you seeing in the North American region? Is there anything you can kind of point to, consumer spending or anything like that?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, George, it's Jeff. Why don't I start, and I'll start with Canada because we really have a national business there in the U.S. It's more of a tale, as you know, of vertical markets. So as I said before in response to Roman's comments, in David's prepared remarks, we saw a 2% transaction growth in the quarter for Canada, that is lower than we had seen in the prior number of quarters, although I would say that's consistent with the market growth. So if you go back to what I talked about in the context of how we measure our progress in Canada in terms of our share and we look at Visa volumes for example across all of Canada nationally, those were in line with what we reported in our own business. Those Visa numbers have decelerated over the last number of quarters to about 1% growth in this most recent quarter. So if you look at the macroeconomic environment in Canada, George, whether you measure it by unemployment, GDP growth, same-store sales growth and now, of course, the Visa volumes across the country, you've seen a deceleration in the growth -- on the rate of growth in that market. So I still feel like we're well positioned and capturing share in that business, but no doubt a difficult macroeconomic environment. Second, in the United States, I feel like in the vertical markets that we're in and I think David referenced Gaming, I'll add, as Paul referenced, integrated payments and also look at our bank joint venture with Comerica, I actually feel like our growth there has been pretty good from a transactional point of view. So on those vertical markets in which we have a direct business, in which we compete, we've seen reasonably good transactional growth that I feel is in excess of those relevant markets for Visa and MasterCard. Dave, do you want to...
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think when you look at the U.S., George, it's really a story of the ISO metrics sort of swamping the others. I think when I look at the numbers at base on the surface, we're dealing really with the law of large numbers. If you go back a couple of years ago, you'd see mid to high-teens settling down to mid-teens on its way down to low-double-digits. And I don't think there's much more going on than that on the surface of metrics.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe just a follow-up question. Your opportunity for acquisitions, I mean your portfolio acquisitions in Europe and abroad.
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, George, Paul Garcia here. Pretty robust pipeline, and that's something we are focused on. I can't really comment too much more than that other than we're seeing a number of things, including some things that aren't necessarily processes, which means we've been working hard on bringing something, bringing an opportunity forward. And I will say that we are very disciplined buyers. I mean, we pass on a lot more than we buy. But I'm fairly encouraged, particularly internationally.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kartik Mehta of Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Paul, or maybe David, can you talk a little bit about the U.K. business? You talked about the International Acquiring business, maybe that's putting a little bit pressure on the margins although it's showing some good growth. Can you talk about maybe how big of that -- how big of a business that is now? I think that's something new for you. And trying to get a perspective of maybe how big of a business that is for the U.K. market.
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, Kartik, we don't break out the U.K. to sort of a product level. It's actually a fairly -- it has been historically a fairly small piece of the U.K. and it's growing at such a rapid rate that actually it's moving the meter on the metrics themselves. Maybe an easier way to answer this is our sort of core credit and debit transaction growth rate in U.K. are just fine. This business is growing so fast, 2x or 3x some of those core transactional growth rates in the, again, the core credit/debit business that it just has the ability to take that high-margin business and drive it a little bit backward in terms of margin while still delivering EBIT to the operating line.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then just as a follow-up for Europe, can you just talk about maybe what kind of transaction growth you're seeing in some of those countries? Just to get an idea of there's still so much on the news about what's happening in the economy. I'm just wondering what you're seeing in terms of transaction growth to get an idea of maybe if things are slowing down there or just maybe more of just what you kind of hear on the press?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. So if we sort of zip around without quoting too many specifics, we've said to you before that our Russian business is growing well into the double digits. That's a revenue comment. It's clearly a transaction comment as well, when we think about sort of the pieces of that. Then our Spain business, which is, I mean, this is just really remarkable in the face of the economy in Spain, the revenue itself in local currency is growing to mid-single-digits. Obviously, by the time you translate it back, it's lower than that. But let's focus on what the business can do inside of its own market. Revenue is going mid-single-digit; transactions are right on that same kind of number. And again, I continue to think that's just remarkable. It speaks to the value of the partnership we formed with la Caixa and the partner, la Caixa itself and the leverage they help bring to the market married to our ability to run this business in a very focused manner, and it's working beautifully. In the United Kingdom, I think you'd be surprised as how high the transactional growth is. It's really a little bit north of where it was a year ago. That's the business that -- and in local currency in pounds, we talked about mid-single-digit, it's going to do better than mid-single-digit revenue growth this year and its transaction growth is right alongside its revenue growth. So they all feel healthy at that transactional metric level. I mean again, when you think about Spain and what's going on kind of across Europe, it's pretty remarkable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm going to ask, believe it or not, on Canada. Just trying to make sure I understand it. So second quarter, Canada was down 7% in constant currency and it remained at that level. And so when I look at the pieces, it sounds like 2% transaction growth in this quarter was below expectations. I guess first question is, what was transaction growth in the second quarter? And then the reason why revenues stayed the same even though spreads got better was because, I guess, transaction growth decelerated and volume decelerated. And then why did those 2 things necessarily get better into the fourth quarter?
David E. Mangum: Right. So Brian, the transaction growth in Q2 was 4% year-over-year. It became 2%. So you really -- you put your finger on the right interplay. You had higher spread declines in Q2 with -- offset partially by higher transaction growth. In Q3, fast forward, you've got lower spread declines but then lower transaction. Now if I take a look at any other metric, let me see if there are any other metrics of any sort of relevance -- no, averages tickets are kind of flat. So it really is just those 2 that pull into the difference in the numbers. If you look ahead to Q4, and I'll toss it over to Jeff for any other color, we're not expecting a huge acceleration in transactions. It's much more about, hey, does that spread -- the core spread decline stay consistent with Q3 levels and then do you have other opportunities with these new assessments coming out to economically benefit Global Payments and have this all turn to a prettier picture for Q4 than it was in Q3.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I think that's a great summary.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just my follow-up to Paul, obviously, a lot of noise around this Chase/Visa deal and maybe what it might mean and possible potential implications for the merchant acquiring industries since Chase Paymentech is going to be a big part of that, just want to get your thoughts on the changing or if there will be much of a changing industry dynamic there?
Paul R. Garcia: Brian, I've been in this industry for 30 years and we've seen these type of announcements in the past, and I think there is something here that has to meet. I think that -- and I think we shouldn't read too much into reduced interchange levels, et cetera, because that's just not commercial. I mean the reality is developing markets have honest [ph] interchanges, not typically developed markets. And it's just not a commercial proposition. So I think I've got a number of questions about will Chase provide lower discount rates based on accepting lower interchange levels. Reality is they always could do that. This arrangement doesn't provide any unique opportunity for them to do so. They haven't done so because it doesn't make sense. I think the ability, however, for them to offer some marketing incentives and some programs, that's real. And I think they -- we'll see some action. They are already do that. I mean there are already some things now. If you're a Chase cardholder, you can get some discounts. Going into merchants, I think there will be more intense levels of focus on their own merchants. We are responding in kind with things like edo, plus you can assume we're talking to other financial institutions. We are uniquely positioned not being aligned with any big card issuer. So it's kind of refreshing to get to inbound calls, and we're actually fielding some of those. So long and short of it is, Paymentech is a robust competitor domestically, particularly and also in Canada, robust competitor. They, I think -- I don't know if this gives them any unique position. I think it's a clever move and -- but we're not -- I mean there's a lot of things that keep us up at night. This is not amongst them.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Bryan, it's Jeff. I would just add that, as you know in the United States, we generally have a vertical market strategy. So we've been very selective about those markets in which we compete, which, of course, David and Paul and me have described for a long time. I would say that, that kind of approach is outlined by Chase and Visa. While it's applicable generally, it's most applicable to large national and international accounts in the markets in which Chase operates. So as we think about the vertical markets that we've described, while they're all intensely competitive, that vertical market strategy is very different than, perhaps, some of our competitors.
Paul R. Garcia: I want to say just one other thing too, I think everyone knows that we lost a real pioneer in Mike Duffy, who passed away a couple of weeks ago, and that's a -- he was a class guy, built a great company and a robust competitor and a really good fellow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Of course, I get the -- in the queue right after the Chase question. I'll guess I'll also ask the Canada question just on the price compression. I mean, I guess it's safe to say that the price compression was not as good as you expected it, I think. So I'm curious, is it due to competitive actions or the timing maybe some of the initiatives you're putting in? It just seems like a little bit of a pushout in your recovery plan in Canada, that's why I'm asking.
David E. Mangum: Tien-Tsin, it's David. I think that the -- what we saw is the big spread declines annualized in January really. And for me, quite frankly, the key is does Q4 look like we've annualized those and we have a more manageable spread decline. So if we set the idea that Q4 was going to have flat spreads or something like that, it was unintentional really, it wasn't in our forecast. This 4% kind of decline, the mid-single-digits we quoted, kind of about what we expected honestly. But the key for me all along has been in Q4, does that settle down to some level that's manageable and then how do you marry that to the other things going on in the market that we talked about before the assessment and the reintroduction of assessments and assessment increases. And again, does that give us something else from the toolkit that we haven't had really for quite some time in Canada.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, and Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I would just add to David -- to what David said, just to remind you that in the prepared remarks, David talked about growth in the fourth quarter from a revenue point of view in Canada, so clearly that embeds in it assumptions about spread, volume and transaction growth. So when you think about where we are from a trajectory point of view, well, we're not exactly where we would like to be at the start of the year. I do think as we head into the fourth quarter, it will be nice to see as we expect revenue trend in the other direction.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. So Jeff and David, just as a follow-up to that, it sounds like some of the revenue initiatives and your ability to pass through the assessments and maybe round up or what have you, that's in place today or still to do? I'm just trying to understand the visibility around it.
David E. Mangum: Yes, so they haven't happened yet. The official dates are April. So think of them as coming in place as we speak literally. And so we have pretty good visibility into the actions we either have taken or intend to take in the very near future.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. Just to add some more operational color. So from a Code of Conduct point of view, those notifications, David is exactly right on what he said about the implementation. Those notifications under the Code of Conduct need to be sent months in advance. So those notifications, Tien-Tsin, in our service center around those notifications have happened already.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, good. That's kind of what I was getting at. So since you talked about Code of Conduct, I got to ask just around the U.K. and there -- they put out that paper talking about creating utility-like oversight committee or whatever in the region. It kind of reminded me of Code of Conduct. What's your thoughts on what's going on in U.K.? I know it's early days, but given your presence there, I'd figure I'd ask you.
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. I think there are some things that may be reminiscent to Canada. I think there are fundamental differences. First off, what's going on in the U.K. when you look at the -- I think it's called the Treasury Select Committee. It's really -- it's not focused on cards or merchant acquiring in contrast to what we've seen in some other markets. We also clearly don't see it targeted at regulated price or the nature of customer relationships. And that would run counter to a lot of public statements frankly over the years from the U.K. regulators if it were targeted again at price or the nature of customer relationships themselves. There are calls for greater transparency and improved governance really for the payment system or systems at large. And so to us, that suggests a focus again on the systems and clearing on settlement on all the pieces that come together and maybe a focus on the barriers to entry of some of those systems and does that reduce transparency and increased cost whether it's to businesses, small businesses, consumers, anyone who has sort of a play somewhere in this ecosystem. You may even remember we had an example of this a few years ago with some of the faster payment initiatives that were driven in and out of banks and then the vocal [indiscernible] folks as well who had to enable some of the faster payments. And really for -- that means, I think, the big banks and their sort of gatekeeping role relative to payment systems are the focus of this. Again, not merchant acquiring, not customer relationships with merchant acquirers and the card networks themselves. And quite honestly, I think there's possibly a benefit for us. We participate in those systems but we need sponsors, we need any sort of sometimes gymnastics to participate in the systems themselves. If that were to become easier and less costly, maybe level the playing field between ourselves and some of the bank owned acquirers out there, there's nothing wrong with that, that can be nothing but a positive for us. Now to balance that, maybe there's some risk to an acquirer like us of some compliance costs for settlement or reporting for this extra transparency. But I don't view it as the fundamental issue the price of our product out to the customer itself. It's more the cost of doing business, and this happens in every market around the world at any given time.
Paul R. Garcia: And allow me to add, David, that -- this is Paul, Tien-Tsin. We'd never, and never should you, be afraid of having full transparency. We think we're pretty transparent now, quite frankly. And whatever comes out, we will fully comply, and I think that's generally a good thing if you're pleased with how you price. And you shouldn't be afraid to discuss that in detail if one wants to see it.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, and Tien-Tsin, I think at the end of the day, you said it well, it's early days. But as we sit here now, we don't see a fundamental change for us coming out of the, again, the early days of pronouncements.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Smith of Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Paul, I wanted to kind of ask you what the mood out there is among other acquirers you talk to and your ISO customers. Sort of getting back to the Chase/Visa announcement, I don't think anyone has mentioned Square yet, so throw that in there. Is there sort of a sense of urgency and is it possible that companies are maybe talking about some merger combinations they may not have been talking about 6 to 12 months ago? Or would you say it's just business as usual?
Paul R. Garcia: I would say the former. I would say there is more kind of urgency. I think that's a good thing, actually. I don't think anyone sees this as business as usual, because business changes pretty dramatically, Greg. I think Square -- I think I said all along, Square, and you could pick apart a lot of things about Square. They don't make money, and there's a lot of issues. But I think this -- the fundamental nature of it brought some excitement to the space. Now there were those, you were not amongst them, that thought we're all going to be dis-intermediated. That was silly. It remains silly. But I think just that kind of excitement with Square kind of took our game up a little bit. And we're doing a number of things we're really proud of, and we're trying to one up Square. So -- and I think that goes for a bunch of us. In terms of combining companies and big M&A opportunities, I think those probably get kicked up a little bit too, and that adds a little more excitement to everything as well.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, Dave, the -- were there any material APT integration expenses in the quarter that you can call out?
David E. Mangum: No, Greg. Really, the integration expenses will come in, in Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Maurer of CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I was hoping to drill down Asia a little bit. Looking at Visa and MasterCard's trends, you really don't see much, in a way, a fall-off in Asia. So I'm curious if you could describe a little more what you're dealing with. Is it slow approval for expansion in China? I'm just curious.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I think, Craig, fundamentally, our portfolio really across Asia is heavily weighted toward the travel industry and the high-end retail shopping. In some cases electronics, but also just high-end retail shopping itself. And that's really the portfolio which we started with HSBC, and that's how we focused our merchants since then when you think of the markets we're in with the Maldives, Hong Kong, et cetera, you can imagine the level of travel. So with that, what we've seen is we saw a drop in average tickets in the summer, which generally indicates less spending. We may see the same number of transactions we saw the quarter before, but less spending overall. And, of course, we take a percentage of that, and that then harms the actual performance of the business. I mean at the same time, we've annualized some products as well. And including we now have DCC fully rolled out across the region, as well as our installment payment plan fully rolled out across the region, so some of the things that fueled a little bit more growth have annualized now. Really still brings you back to the core question of we're going to ride more secular adoption over time there. But for the moment, we're being harmed by being so travel again and high-end retail focused, but that's the place where we're seeing some pain. And this is true really across many of the regions there, whether you're talking about Hong Kong or all the way to Brunei, and again as I mentioned, the Maldives, et cetera. So I think we're not a dead-on comparison necessarily to the networks in those regions as they're driving more generalized secular adoption and we're focused in different part of the market. Now we have a number of initiatives in place to actually drive into other parts of those markets, more penetration. The same things we talked about last quarter that we thought would drive improved performance in Q4 actually still hold true. We are driving additional product launches, including new flavors of installment payment plan processing that we think will drive volumes deeper into the bank customer base as they shop, and general retailers around the various markets rather than just the high-end retailers. And then also, we've signed a number of new referral partners this year. They all do come live and are continuing to come live. Unfortunately, those improvements aren't quite enough to offset the overall volume softness we're seeing in general on the market.
Paul R. Garcia: And let me add something, David, if I may. Craig, this is Paul Garcia. We just received 11 awards from MasterCard, Visa and CUP. I mean we're talking weeks ago, for our performance in the region, including Highest eCommerce Acquiring Volume award, Highest Market Share awards, various things we've done and some -- and also the mPOS Acceptance award. So we've done a number of things we're very proud of, and the team's doing a great job. But we're not in China in any real way. I mean we are just what David said, we have all the high-end merchants in Shanghai and Beijing and a number of cities but we have not been able to truly penetrate the vast market opportunity throughout China, and the same with India. We have a new referral partner in India. We have some other big opportunities in India, having just returned. We have a number of big opportunities now in China with us buying the other piece of HSBC. But as I said for a lot of calls, the real opportunities are those markets, and we have yet to capitalize on those but we're very focused on doing so. And now we absolutely have an opportunity to do it with us buying the other half of HSBC.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can I ask a follow-up on Brazil?
Paul R. Garcia: Of course.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I apologize if you already mentioned this, but are you live there yet? And can you disclose who your bank partner is down there? I'm trying to get an understanding of your market share opportunity.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, sure. Craig, it's Jeff. So our bank partner is Bank de Brasilia (sic) [Banco de Brasilia], BRB. It's a state-owned bank based in the capital of Brazil, Braslia, and it's a bank where most of the federal employees and the government have their bank accounts. And that was publicly announced in Brazil, I think, last month by BRB. What we've said before, which is still true, is that we plan on being live in fiscal '14, which, of course, starts in June, which would, of course, mean therefore a pilot before that. And given that we're in April, you can assume that that's relatively eminent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McVeigh of Macquarie.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: I wonder if you can give any incremental thoughts just around buyback. It looks like you bought back, if I have it right, 130 million shares. And how we should think about that over the balance of the year and prospects for taking that up?
David E. Mangum: Yes, this is David. So I would point us all back to the Analyst Day in mid-January. We did then announce a $125 million buyback in an accelerated fashion that obviously hadn't closed by the end of the third quarter, so more to come on that as we close that out. And then if we think about to our commentary, we are committed to continue to buy back shares. Let us go and finish off that operation, come back and talk to you some more about it. But just know that we said -- we meant what we said in January, we intend to be in the market routinely buying back stock as the core part of our capital strategy.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: Got it. And then just on the data intrusion, it's -- are we totally done at this point -- all behind us? It just -- it seemed pretty clear from the press release, just want to confirm that.
David E. Mangum: Yes. So let me parse that just a little bit. Again, this is David. We are complete. We are back on the list of PCI-compliant companies. We are processing. We are on, I believe, every list possible at this stage, all the way around the world from all the various entities. We still have some internal cleanup, so you'll see charges come through again in Q4 as they finish documenting processes and/or make sure that they're ready to roll on a sort of a run-rate basis as we exit the year. But our remediation activities are complete. Our rocks are all back, and we are compliant with all the networks now. It's a matter of making sure, as we exit the year, we're ready to roll and have that to be the core part of how we run the business and not as sort of a standalone function the way it's been for the last nearly a year from investigation through remediation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Huff of Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just one question. The loyalty stuff you were talking about, Paul, was really interesting. And I'm curious when the conversation start on loyalty, tell us how they start. Is it an issuer-driven conversation or is it a merchant-driven conversation? And then how do those conversations go? Kind of what's the focus, is it an issuer trying to keep their card top of wallet? Is it a merchant trying to understand their customers better? What's the genesis of that?
Paul R. Garcia: So they're typically -- it depends a little bit by market. But it's typically starting with us having smaller merchants in mind, kind of the SME to middle market, and offering that. The big guys are pretty much pursuing their own path, although we are having some discussions with larger merchants about this as well. And what you try to do is make it as seamless as possible. You want to tie in as many -- and that's why this edo thing is in [indiscernible] through the others. But this edo thing makes a lot of sense because you have 3 of the 6 biggest banks and 200 million cards. So you have a good chance as -- if you're a merchant, to get a wide spectrum of your consumers in. The challenge is you got to get as close to a majority as humanly possible. So we focus on ubiquitous offerings, ease of use by the consumer, some -- a commercial proposition for the merchant and, by the way, a little bit for us too. It makes the merchants stickier. It produces some good revenue sources for us. You want to add something, please, Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. So I think what we liked about edo was that unlike some of the other models, which are deep discount models, edo really rides the back and the rails of the financial institutions from an issuing point of view. So I think Paul rightly described 3 of the top 6 FIs and about 200 million cards. So from a supply-and-demand point of view, in the case of edo, as one example, a lot of the offers are coming through the bank-related channels, and therefore, are very targeted. And it doesn't depend, therefore, on the small to midsize merchant, accepting very large, call it, 30% to 50% discounts. But instead, it can be a relatively small discount. But because it's very efficient and targeted in the way it's delivered, which is just coming through an FIs who knows the card spend, it's a very nice outcome for the merchant, for the issuer, for the consumer and for Global Payments. And we get bounties, as well as the volume related to loyalties on that. So I think from that point of view, it's a very nice way for us to participate in the loyalty schemes.
David E. Mangum: And then maybe -- I'm going to take a little crack, a little more color too, what the heck. It does -- Paul said exactly what I think is very important to emphasize is it actually starts with us looking to enhance our merchant value proposition and trying to find offers that aren't so issuer-focused that we can't bring enough value small to medium merchants, as Jeff had said. The final thing -- I'll pop in the real reason I'd butted in for a moment here is you should expect us to do similar things with our international partners where we have referral partners and our core partners in Europe and in Asia who have enormous issuing presence and allow us to be even more thoughtful about how we bring offers with them in partnership.
Paul R. Garcia: And just one more thing, we're beating this to death but it's important. Brett, I think the fact that we are this honest broker, right? We are taking inbound calls from a number of financial institutions, both domestic and international, saying, look, we understand you won't just to do this exclusively with us, but we understand that you will bring -- you bring some utility. Let's see if there's something we can work out that makes sense for everyone, and those are very interesting conversations.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just, I guess, one quick follow-up. Is this the thing that merchants are next asking for from you all? As the trusted advisor, what's the #1 thing that your ISOs are being asked or your direct sales force is being asked next that you can help them with?
Paul R. Garcia: That's a wonderful way to wrap this up, thank you so much. I would say, Brett, that is precisely what we're being asked for. We were just -- I was just addressing -- our international product guys who are in for a big meeting, and we talked about what is it that we do. We provide core processing, but we provide much more than that. We have to allow the merchant to have a more intimate relationship with their customer by providing lots of data and have lots of relationships with the merchant that will be very difficult to disrupt. Pricing, generally, comes down in core products. You replace it with things like dynamic currency, with IPP, with installment payment, with loyalty products and that is exactly what they expect. Of course, PayPal is another one. That is exactly what they expect. The ISOs are asking for that, as are the merchants, and we're very focused on making sure we deliver it.
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Garcia for his closing statement.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, operator, and thank you to all of you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-01-08 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jeffrey S. Sloan - President
Analysts: Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Thank you, Tien Tsin. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments' Fiscal 2013 Second Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. And joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, January 8, 2013, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. I am pleased with our solid performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. Revenue grew 11% in the second quarter to $589 million, and cash earnings per share grew 8% to $0.93. We have increased our full year EPS expectations, which David will detail later in the call. I'm also pleased to note that the acquisition of U.S.-based Accelerated Payment Technologies, or APT, and the purchase of HSBC's remaining 44% ownership interest in our Asia-Pacific joint venture are both complete. APT will allow us to leverage industry-leading technology by adding new merchants through existing value-added reseller partners and through establishing new VAR relationships. I am delighted to tell you that APT has hit the ground running and is performing well. The Asia-Pacific transaction will, of course, now allow us to more fully leverage our presence in this strategic region. To that end, we are encouraged by our prospects and the receptivity of those with whom we have already met. Next, I'm happy to provide an update on our PCI recertification process. We are delighted to announce that we have essentially completed our remediation work as anticipated, and the required documentation is in the process of being provided to the Qualified Security Assessor for verification. This verification allows the networks to evaluate the results and return us to the list of PCI-compliant service providers. This was truly a collaborative effort. And first and foremost, we owe a debt of gratitude to our customers and partners for their unwavering support. I also wish to thank the card networks for their expertise and professionalism throughout this process. Their job, and they do it well, is to protect the cardholder and ensure the integrity of the payment system. Through it all, we continue to sign new customers, securely process record transaction volumes and grow our business around the world. I'm truly thankful for my colleagues' daily efforts that made all of this possible. Speaking of around the world, we have received approval from Visa and MasterCard for license to process in Brazil, and we anticipate certification of our platforms by the end of the fiscal year. We also signed a new agreement with Intuit, the makers of QuickBooks, to be the payment services provider for Intuit Pay, a new integrated mobile payment solution that targets U.K. SME business segment. This is in keeping with our strategy to power mobile-related payments globally for companies that wish to offer value-added payment services for their customers. We continue to benefit from our partnership with la Caixa as the bank leverages its financial strength by expanding through acquisitions. In addition to increasing the joint venture's footprint, some of these financial institutions have merchant acquiring businesses. To that end, our joint venture, Comercia, closed on a merchant acquiring business from Bank Civica [ph] valued at approximately USD 23 million in December. We also announced that our board has doubled our share repurchase authorization to a total of $300 million. This increase underscores our confidence in the long-term prospects of Global Payments. I will now turn the call over to David. David?
David E. Mangum: Thank you, Paul. We were pleased with our results in the quarter. Good overall business performance and a low tax rate drove strong cash earnings per share growth. International revenue grew 11%. In local currency, Europe performed well, especially given macroeconomic conditions, driven by strong revenue growth in the U.K. and Russia. Spain also performed well, growing local currency revenue at a high single-digit rate. Asia-Pacific revenue increased 1% over last year as volume continued to track below our original expectations across the region. Based on the current trends and the macroeconomic environment, we now expect low- to mid-single-digit revenue growth from Asia for the full year. International cash operating income of $62.2 million was up 15% over prior year. Operating margin of 37% increased 150 basis points versus prior year. North America Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 11% in the quarter, driven by U.S. transaction growth of 13%. We believe we saw a fairly modest financial impact overall due to Hurricane Sandy, which we believe speaks to the diversity of our U.S. merchant customer base. Canada's revenue declined 7% in local currency on a year-over-year basis, which was consistent with our expectation. We expect Canada's local currency revenue to decline modestly for the full year. For the quarter, North America cash operating income, or EBIT dollars, were $73.3 million, approximately flat with prior year with cash operating margin of 17.4%. Second quarter GAAP and cash tax rates were about 28% and 26%, respectively, a little lower than we expected. Year-to-date GAAP and cash tax rates are each now 29%. We expect both GAAP and cash effective tax rates to approach 29% for the full year of fiscal 2013 and thus expects to report higher tax rates in Q3 and Q4 as compared to the second quarter. We generated free cash flow of $32 million, which included cash outflows related to the processing system intrusion. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. During the quarter, capital expenditures totaled $25 million, primarily related to intrusion remediation activities and data center initiatives. We continue to anticipate our full year fiscal capital expenditures will total about $110 million. Regarding our data intrusion remediation efforts, during the second quarter, we reduced our estimate of fraud losses, fines and other charges by $31.5 million, resulting in a credit of $14.5 million in total processing system intrusion costs for the quarter. We based our initial estimate of fraud losses, fines and other charges on the operating regulations published by the networks and preliminary communications with the networks. We have now reached resolution with certain networks, resulting in charges that were less than our initial estimates. However, we continue to anticipate that full year 2013 expenses for the data intrusion will total $25 million to $35 million as insurance proceeds will now possibly occur in fiscal 2014 rather than 2013. In the second quarter, we closed the new senior unsecured term loan of $700 million and increased our existing revolving line of credit by $150 million for a total increase in capacity of $850 million. We used the term loan proceeds to pay down $280 million of our existing revolver debt and to complete the APT acquisition of $413 million. We funded the $242 million for the Asia-Pacific transaction with the combination of cash and the draw on our revolver and now have remaining capacity approaching $600 million. Regarding our stock repurchase program, our total authorization is now $300 million. During the quarter, we purchased a total of 190,000 shares at an average price of just under $43 per share for a total of about $8 million. Just under $290 million remain authorized for further buybacks. We continue to anticipate fiscal 2013 revenue of $2.36 billion to $2.4 billion, representing 7% to 9% growth on a reported basis and 8% to 10% growth on a constant currency basis. Given the solid performance in the second quarter, we now expect cash earnings per share in the range of $3.61 to $3.68, resulting in 2% to 4% growth over fiscal 2012 or 5% to 7% growth on a constant currency basis. This outlook does not assume any impact from future share repurchases. And now I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. I continue to believe that our company is in a great position to benefit from the ever-changing payments environment. Our global market position and our execution on strategic initiatives will provide us with a platform for sustained growth. I'll now turn the call over to Jane. Jane?
Jane M. Forbes: [Operator Instructions] And operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about -- maybe, Paul, just get the question out of the way, the ISO channel, any change in relationships there worth noting? I know there's been some noise out there in the marketplace.
Paul R. Garcia: No, there's been nothing of any note or any materiality. Our ISOs have been growing very nicely and have been incredibly supportive during the last period. So we're very pleased with the ISO channel. So I appreciate you giving me a chance to address that one because there has been a lot of noise out there.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, so no change there. Good to know. Just as my follow-up question then I'll jump off. Just -- Europe is doing well. I guess Asia, you did take it down. Is it really all cyclical? How are you performing there versus the broader market? And I mean, is this a good opportunity to maybe add more sales and to try and drive some better performance here relative to the cycle? Just curious what the short-term thinking is on Asia.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Tien-Tsin, the performance from Asia, when we took that business over, we grew it very nicely, and then we added product. But you get to a point where you're limited by the number of referral channels you have. And HSBC is a fabulous partner. But we found ourselves adding reasonable number of merchants, and on a net basis, we're growing the business. But we annualized some new product introductions and some additional revenue generators. And we are in need of new sources. So there's a couple of ways to do that. You can add organically to your sales force. And we are slowly doing that in PRC in particular. But having new referral channels and partners is the biggest opportunity. Now we have not been able to do anything with that because of the past exclusive relationship. That now terminates. And although, of course, HSBC will always be in a very important position and never be disadvantaged, we are having conversations. And as I mentioned in the script, many of those have actually been very, very well received. And I have to tell you that I'm very encouraged by our conversations to date. And I made a comment, I think, in the last earnings call, so I said in the year, if we don't see something of some significance, now that's 9 months, so I want you to know that we are very focused on making some things happen. So the opportunity in Asia is about taking advantage of our first mover, adding new referral partners, slowly adding organic sales, introducing some new products. And we're going to hit a lot of that, quite frankly, next week, too, at our Investor Day at the NYSE. We'll talk a little bit about all of these, too.
David E. Mangum: And Tien-Tsin, this is David. Maybe a little more tactically. Our new sales are on track across the region. And we do believe we are taking market share. We believe what you're seeing in terms of the results really is consistent with macro and not unlike what you hear from other similarly situated companies in the region wherein between average ticket and transactions, we're just not seeing the kind of growth we thought we'd see entering the year. We do believe that it actually does create an opportunity to take more market share with these new referral partners Paul's describing. We have a couple more we expect more to bring online late in the year. As you can tell from what we expect from the region, we obviously are expecting higher growth, particularly in Q4, versus what you've seen year to date at this point. So we think the business itself is executing on track. So in a tough situation from a macro and then the real opportunity, as Paul said, is the long-term opportunity of new partnerships, new referrals, new markets and new products, and we're working hard on all of those things.
Paul R. Garcia: So let me add to that, too, Tien-Tsin, what David said. So we had -- it's not about getting 8% or 9% or 10% or 11% to 12% growth out of that market. It's about a much more aggressive target, and that's what we're focused on. And we quite frankly believe that market can deliver that.
Operator: Our next question for today comes from a Roman Leal with Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, with respect to Canada, can you comment on how Canada is tracking relative to your expectations? I know you have a lot of different initiatives there. And I mean, are we close to seeing an inflection point there?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Roman, it's Jeff. We did see in Canada, as David described, an improvement in the rate of decline in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And if you listened to David's prepared remarks, we are looking for that to continue throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. We also saw, Roman, very good transactional growth in Canada versus what we believe our competitive market to be and certainly versus Canadian GDP. And we've also seen, Roman, very good new sales growth in terms of revenue in Canada. So what I would say about Canada is it remains a balanced transaction growth, new sales with a diminution in spread and a weakness across economies that we've seen over a period of time. But I think you can see in the results from the quarter some improvement and the guidance from David relative to where we're trending. There remains a balancing act. It remains difficult to pick a precise end date as to when that will be easier. But I do think that we are managing that mix consistent with what our expectations are. David, go ahead [ph].
David E. Mangum: Yes. I think we've become better at predicting it. You obviously can sense it's performed, perhaps, a shade less than what we might have thought. Originally, when we started the year, you can tell that from the language of the prepared comments, but we're becoming better at predicting, particularly the spread declines. So there's the kinds of things we might be able to either control or be able to analytically predict, which gives a little bit more confidence as we head later in the year.
Paul R. Garcia: I will add. I think Jeff just alluded to this, Roman. We are adding merchants. We are growing the business transactionally. We're actually adding more transactions. So we have a nice growth in that. And it's all about the spread issue. We are controlling attrition. Merchant attrition is down. So from those measures, it's pretty good. And this will work its way through. I think we're hesitant to give an exact time, but it is working its way through from all the metrics we've seen. And regardless, we understand that this is something we have to grow around. I mean, Canada has a lot of a very positive things, throws off a ton of cash, and we use that cash elsewhere. But every market is what every market is, and we got to take all of that, put it together and grow the company regardless of what Canada throws our way.
Operator: Our next lesson comes from Kevin McVeigh with Macquarie.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: I wondered if you could give us -- it seems like you're making nice progress on the data intrusion -- when we could expect the record of compliance to be back based on where we are in the process?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Kevin, this is David. We -- in terms of the ROC remediation, the PCI remediation, we are right on the goal line. We believe we are legally on the 1-inch line to use a football metaphor since it's playoff time in the NFL. We are literally in the process of handing over our work to our QSA while we clean up some final items. Once that QSA certifies, it's on to the networks for their own evaluation. So we're thinking, and of course, we don't control this. We don't control this process. But we're thinking, we believe we're looking at a matter of weeks to return to the list of PCI-compliant companies. And so we think we've done exactly what we hoped to do. We are living on that 1-inch line, really making great progress. And it is probably an appropriate moment for me to echo something we said in the prepared comments. The networks have been fantastic through this process, professional, sophisticated, rigorous but also appropriately supportive. They do a great a job. So working with them in partnership, we feel like we are, as I said a couple of times earlier, right in the goal line.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: Super. And then it sounds like from a reserve perspective, you took down the reserve. I know -- just so I'm clear on that. I know that didn't impact the reported EPS. It was just that's kind of part of the onetime reserve, and that's why it was brought down. Or could you just clarify that for me?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I'd be happy to. Great question. So if you go back to July to our year end, we recorded estimates for the various fraud-related expenses, fines, fees, charges, all of those things that might come given our liability for the data intrusion. Those were estimates based on our own reading of how the bylaws worked for each of the various networks involved in this and based on any preliminary communications we might have been able to have with some of those networks. As we then progressed a few months later, we've gotten to the final charges from some of the networks, not all of them, at all. And the good news for us and for our shareholders, those final charges particularly for the fraud-related stuff have come in lower than our estimates in July, and hence, you see what's essentially a $31 million reversal of that original July accrual coming through the GAAP results for the quarter. Interestingly enough, that actually turns you in a net credit position for data intrusion for the quarter, which is a little odd to see on the face of the income statement.
Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Keane with the Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about Europe. It looked like it pops pretty good in the quarter. I was a little bit surprised by the strength. Is there a constant currency revenue growth number we can think about there, David, and maybe why it popped? And then how do we think about in the next 2 quarters that European segment for growth rate?
Paul R. Garcia: All right. So Bryan, it's a great question. We really are seeing very nice growth, particularly in the U.K. and Russia, very nice local currency growth as I saw, as I stated, in Spain. But that flips to a negative when you translate the Euro because you're looking at the full year. So yes, constant currency growth for Europe for the quarter, year-over-year, would be about 15%. That would be the revenue number, just roughly that range, Bryan, when you aggregate all the pieces and then you bring it down a little bit for FX. So this wasn't our largest FX impact quarter as you can tell from the earnings release itself. It's really that's almost right on the FX-related impact you see. So really good growth in that quarter, and again, particularly from those markets, with really solid performance from Central Europe as well, something we don't often talk about. But worth mentioning that we had solid performance there. When you go out to the out quarters for Q3 and Q4, we're thinking we'll see another solid quarter of local currency growth in Q3, but maybe a little less so in Q4 as we have a lot of big items happening for us across Europe in Q4. But I think you're going to see very consistent performance in Q3 and Q4 from Europe, and it's going to look a lot like the full year stuff we talked about, the sort of local currency mid-single digit to high single digit in the U.K. and Spain, much higher than that in Russia, about flat from GPD [ph] and just kind of nice washing of all those results in combination.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just on the segment operating margins, I guess I'm thinking about it sequentially as we go into the third quarter. We know that the third quarter is a little bit weak. But maybe you could talk about the North American segment margin, international segment margin, what we can expect sequentially? Because if my math is correct, we might actually get to EBIT growth in North America year-over-year in the third quarter?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Bryan. Yes, I think that -- a couple of things to look at. I think you -- depending on how your math and how you want to model, you may will see EBIT growth in North America in Q3, which would be a nice thing to chat about at that point. If you're looking at the margin sequential performance, maybe flattish in Q3 to Q2 for North America, plus or minus. It can be down a little bit. It can be up a little bit and really similar in Q4 when you get out to the out quarters as well. So roughly flattish margins over the course of Q2 through Q4 in North America. When you get to our international results, I think you'll actually see us tick down in margins in international in Q3 and Q4. And it really shouldn't shock you when you think about the moving pieces of our international margins, which include Asia, challenged a little bit for growth, as we said, while still absorbing some investment costs as well as some new technology costs for some of the new platforms to which we moved. So thinking about the pieces there, you can see international margins challenged a bit there, as well as in the U.K. A lot of our revenue growth is coming from our international acquiring products, which comes at a lower margin. As that continues throughout Q3 and Q4, that will pull margins down a bit. And in addition, in Spain, we've got some nice new products rolling out. But still, Spain overall may have some margin challenges when you translate all of this to U.S. dollars given what the euro is doing year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Regarding your comments that you have received your license to process in Brazil and that you could see yourself getting started there by fiscal year end, I was wondering if you could talk about who your partner is going to be for affiliation because that might help the size the opportunity that you have down there.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Craig, it's Jeff. We're going to talk a lot more about that next week at our Investor Conference. What I would say is it's a local Brazilian commercial bank in market, which is important to note. It comes with not just sponsorship but also with referral and existing book of business, which is also important to note. What I would say though is our task in Brazil is this is really a startup in market, which is very different from what we typically do. So I think what you'll hear from us next week is it's terrific that we have sponsorship and referral from a bank in Brazil. It's great that we've got the licensing, as was described in the prepared remarks. But it's also going to be important for fiscal '14 and beyond that we expand that base to include additional referral banks beyond the one that we'll discuss next week. And I also think, Craig, it's important for us to continue to look at acquisitions and other joint ventures in market because, as you know, given the size of our company, given the history of how we've developed these businesses, we are really going to try to look for step-like functions in a market as attractive as Brazil. And the best way for us to get there is to find additional partnerships, augmenting what we're already going to discuss next week about where we are. So we are happy with where we are, and we view this as a nice initial piece of foray into an attractive market.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And a follow-on question regarding your China business. Is it -- is my understanding correct that in China, you need province-by-province regulatory approval to move forward, that it isn't just a question of sales reach but it is a question of actual approval from local governments?
Paul R. Garcia: So Craig, that is true for CUP acceptance. So we are the only non-Chinese CUP acquirer, meaning that our salespeople, in a number of regions, we have 5 and counting, big regions, I mean, talking about hundreds of millions of Chinese citizens living in these domains. Our salespeople can directly assign merchants for CUP acceptance in renminbi, in local currency. Now we are working on a more countrywide approach that's working its way through the various regulatory channels. But in the interim, we continue to hammer it away region by region. Now for Bancard, we are not restricted. We can sign Visa and MasterCard and American Express and Diners Club and JCB and others countrywide throughout the PRC. And there's no restrictions that relate to that at all. And we are indeed doing that, and those would be mostly the brands that you probably recognize and a lot of big Chinese cities that have a lot of tourist activity in particular. Because China citizens don't really use Visa MasterCard, they use CUP card. So there's 2 markets you're chasing, people that come into China and use their plastic from their country and then the Chinese citizen, and that's the big opportunity, quite frankly.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: With -- knowing that the merchant discount rate is capped legally in China, how are the spreads compared to other regions you guys participate in?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. It's -- they are pretty robust at the end of the day. The Visa, MasterCard spreads, I think, are in keeping to high end, and the CUP spreads for a debit spread are actually very high. They actually mandate pricing that is actually very favorable.
David E. Mangum: And Craig, there's a very important distinction. So you have cross-border traditional spreads for the Bancards, [indiscernible], the AmEx, et cetera, and then strong -- remember, those CUP cards are almost all debit cards but strong relative debit spreads for those. It's a very important distinction.
Operator: You're next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the U.S. business. Are you hearing anything incremental from either your direct sales force in the U.S. or any of your ISO partners in the U.S. about any kind of additional competitive pressure from any of the newer entrants in the market?
Paul R. Garcia: So Jason, are you talking about things like Square and things like that in particular or...
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. Yes. I would say, Jason, that our ISOs are primarily competing with Square in that space. And based on the numbers we've seen, one in particular, that is now advertising, in fact, advertised, I think, at the BCS bowl last night. I saw an ad for them. They are after that space and had been for quite some time, for years, I believe, and really having some success. I think they are kind of head-to-head with them. The rest of them, not so much. Us, almost never. But I mean, don't take that away as we don't have robust competition. The competition is it remains robust in all of the spaces we're in. But in terms of new entrants, I would say Square is chasing that. And a couple of our customers are as well. We're going to have a little more about our strategy in Investor Day next week on that. We hope to see you there to take you through that. So that's the answer.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the share buyback side, obviously, good to see the additional authorization. And I think there was some language in the press release that you intend to execute on the authorization, which is encouraging. Can you help us a little bit just from the timing perspective? I mean, do you think we'll see a meaningful amount of the authorization actually exercised this fiscal year?
David E. Mangum: Jason, this is David. We really can't comment on the timing of a buyback. I can tell you we have a track record of executing our buybacks, and that's probably as far as we can go.
Operator: Our next question is from a Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: In Canada, the upcoming price change from Visa and MasterCard, what's your latest thoughts on? Is that an opportunity? Or is it more of a risk?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Greg, it's Jeff. I think that's an opportunity. As I think we've discussed on other phone calls, whenever there are changes in any direction from a network point of view in any market, really, those are generally good news for us. In particular, in the Canadian market, it has been a number of years since there had been any changes to that network environment. So we view the announcements from Visa and most recently from MasterCard as good news for us in that market. And we welcome those changes in the coming months.
Paul R. Garcia: Let me just add that the market that is a very competitive market, and merchants are very well served. And that's -- I mean, this was, I'm sure, a long, hard decision from the associations to do this. They feel confident that there are reasons to justify it. What we are able to do is round, do a couple of a basis points here or there. It's nothing of any mammoth proportion, but it does give us that opportunity as you picked up, Greg. So that's all good news.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just maybe, David, on APT acquisition, can you give us some metrics, maybe what volume was in the quarter or how we should think about run rate or revenue if you could, possibly?
David E. Mangum: Greg, it's a great question. It's a tough one to answer because we had more than 90% of APT's volume, and hence, revenue on our platform already. So you'll recall the incremental revenue was really modest, and quite frankly, not material to the company for the rest of the year from October on. It's obviously not material for the 2 months ended November. So I really struggled to give you a whole lot of insight into those volumes. They've all already been here. The key for us with APT is what do we do with that business in '14, '15 and '16, adding new VAR and really diving deeper and penetrating more of the existing VAR channel of those spaces. So I guess I'd come back, too, and say this. The incremental revenue for the year is really quite small. It's really immaterial. They're off to a very good start, a little ahead of their numbers, but a little ahead is low 6 figures kind of numbers we're talking about now for those first 2 months given we already had the revenue on the platform. And then we're still on track, we believe, for the same. We said about neutral at the earnings line. We obviously don't expect to miss our numbers on those new acquisitions. So we feel like we're off to a very good start and maybe more to come when we've got 5 months of actuals come the end of February quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Quick question on incremental margins and potential leverage opportunities going forward. I know that there's some investment in data center, modernization. Maybe there are some new products rolling out. I know there's some -- going to be some APT help as we roll forward. I guess, David and maybe Mike, this question is for you. Can you just sort of enumerate some -- the opportunities that you all see in terms of increasing incremental margins going forward?
David E. Mangum: Yes, happy to, Brett. And maybe if you'll indulge me, we can set aside the currency effects for a second and speak a little bit to some of the international businesses and kind of on more of a constant currency basis. You pointed out technology. I think that's absolutely fair. We are investing substantial amount in new network infrastructure and new data centers this year. We don't expect to have that investment recur. In other words, to the extent we added a few million dollars of expense to that this year, we're not going to add a few million more of expense on top of that next year. So we expect to begin to see immediate scale benefits in '14 and beyond for the investments we've made in '13. And really, as you well know, the real benefit from that kind of investment is going to come in '15, '16, '17, '18 and beyond because we believe what we've been building is the infrastructure for transaction processing for the next 10 years for this business. We do have a fairly robust pipeline of new product that we quite frankly have struggled to get out over the last 9 months because we've been so focused on breach investigation and breach remediation. So we hope to see that roll out probably over the course of '14 -- fiscal '14, calendar '13, and that hopefully will bring with it the opportunity for new incremental revenue and high margins again in '14, '15, '16 and beyond. As you keep rolling through the pieces of the company, you are correct in the U.S. to identify APT as the linchpin to any potential expansion there. And we obviously believe that's quite a possibility, and again, that's a '14, '15, '16 conversation with some nice little bumps just happening with the increment. As you'll recall, the increment is coming in fiscal '13. Remember, recall, the APT is bringing in more than 50 basis points of the positive margin impact to our North America margins just for this a partial year, and there's more of that to come. So then let's go abroad for a moment. We still believe there are more scale benefits to be had in Spain, still more scale and more growth opportunities in United Kingdom. Certainly, Russia represents a great opportunity for continued rapid growth in the double digits. The business is scaling nicely enough to a core adoption acceptance story wherein it's a very straightforward sort of scale benefit. You add more and more volume, and the bottom line continues to improve in Russia. And then the other final piece of that puzzle is probably Asia where at the end of this year, we'll also absorb the increased IT expenses in Taiwan. And then the question becomes really what Paul and I answered together earlier to an earlier question on Asia, I think it was from Tien-Tsin, which is the combination of continued execution, improved sales performance where applicable and in a very targeted fashion married to more newer referral channels and potentially new markets and new partners should drive long-term benefits there. So those are the sort of positives as you go around the globe.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then one last. This is just a balance sheet question. The $242 million liability goes away presumably when you report next quarter on the HSBC -- related HSBC, bringing in the rest of that business, right?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, that's right. And you saw that was sort of created almost in fantasyland because it really was a movement the quarter before from redeemable noncontrolling interest, which had been showing what that put was in terms of the fair market value and then paid in capital to sort of create really just geography change on the balance sheet up to that new commitment. That commitment then washes away with the purchase. You're exactly right.
Operator: Next question is from Georgios Mihalos with Credit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just kind of what you guys can dig in to maybe the growth of the direct non-ISO channel in the U.S., what you're seeing there? And over the long term, is there an opportunity to accelerate growth for APT?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. George, it's Jeff. Let me start, and then Paul and David surely can add to it. So we were -- in United States, we're talking more about next week. But in United States, we have a lot of very attractive vertical markets on a direct basis that we've been investing in. So 2 I would highlight for the quarter to get your question are our gaming business, and we are very pleased with our growth on a direct basis in gaming in the quarter on a revenue basis, and then our Comerica call joint venture here in the United States. Both showed very good growth in the quarter and are key to our performance. And those are areas where we have direct control over the sales force, around our P&L. And those are very attractive businesses from a growth and a margin point of view. And that's before we get into APT. So that's a core part of what you've seen in the quarter. And I'm sure David can provide more color on that. Then on APT, one of the things that we really like about APT is it came with a very nice quota-based salary and commission-based sales force, which is also now part, since October 1, of Global Payments. And as David mentioned in his answers to one of the questions from Brett, we have seen good performance in APT since October 1. That, of course, includes revenue as well as contributions. So I would say looking ahead, to answer your question, if we look at some of the vertical markets we're in x ISO, you look at gaming, you look at Comerica and you look now at APT, we've been pretty pleased with the direct sales positioning of those businesses. And then overall, from a quarter point of view, on all the direct in the United States, we've been pleased with its performance to date. David, you want to...
Georgios Mihalos - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Maybe one follow-up to shift gears going back to APAC. David, I think you spoke about a bit of an acceleration in the back half of the year skewed more to the fourth quarter. Should we be looking for double-digit revenue growth in the fourth quarter from APAC? And is there any reason why double-digit growth in APAC is not sustainable looking out over the long term?
David E. Mangum: George, great combination question. I would not necessarily look for double-digit growth in Q4. But it's certainly on the table. If you think about what we're saying in terms of the range for Asia, somewhere between high single and low double is possible in Q4. But I wouldn't suggest you count on double in Q4. We expect a couple of things to come together in that time frame. One is this new referral channels that we have signed become more productive and then generating actual volume come Q4. We've got a couple of promotions that are going on and a couple of reprices to go on that helped Q4. I think on a long-term sustained basis, there's no question you should be expecting double digit. And Paul said it quite rightly earlier. the real trick to Asia is how do you arithmetically or logarithmically expand Asia and not just grow it 10% to 15% year after year after year, and that's really what we're focused on doing. In terms of jumping off into '14, I'm not ready to talk about that now. Let's see how Q3 and Q4 play out, and we'll talk some more about '14 tactically at the right time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Wojs with Baird.
Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just looking at EPS seasonality, I think typically, you've seen a little bit of a step down in cash EPS in Q3 and then a little bit of a step up in Q4. And I'm just wondering with the tax rate going up and some of the things you said about North America how we should think about cash EPS seasonality in the back half of the year.
David E. Mangum: Yes. Great question. So we expect a fairly typical Q3, which to your point, would be sequentially down from Q2 and in rough proportion to the percentage of earnings that prior Q3 delivered to the company. So last year's Q3 was on the order of 24% of the full year's earnings. This would be plus or minus, maybe in the same ballpark. And then same for Q4, we've developed over the 3 years a bit of a hockey stick in Q4 relative to earnings performance, and we expect some a version of the same. If you look at last year, again, compared to this year, you might see a version of the same type of distribution wherein generally speaking, Q3, you have the worst seasonal quarter for almost every one of our businesses due to holidays and then sort of the shorter quarter into February and then a really strong seasonal Q4. And that's generally true with U.S., Canada, U.K., even Russia and even across a little bit into Asia and also true for Spain. So I'm glad you asked the question, I would think it'll look an awful lot, generally speaking, like the proportions we saw last year.
Timothy Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then just on FX, what types of rates are you assuming in guidance now? Are you assuming recent rates or maybe rates from the beginning of the year? Just a little clarification on that.
David E. Mangum: Yes. Great question as well. Each quarter, when we have this conversation with investors, we update our outlook for FX based on actuals as of, frankly, the day before. And so when we look at this, this particular quarter, look at the rest of the year, and this is the topic of conversation amongst investors and analysts, generally speaking, I'd say our outlook for the full year really remains unchanged in aggregate from where we were a few months ago at the beginning of the year. That doesn't mean the rates on a country-by-country basis don't match what we expected. But generally speaking, what we've seen even in the first 6 months is dead on almost in aggregate what we thought we'd see. So for the 3 months ended this last quarter, as you know, our revenues increased by about $900,000 and earnings by about $0.01, but for the 6 months ended for the year to date, we're down $15 million of revenue and down earnings of about $0.03. So for the rest of year, here's what we're expecting. On a sequential basis, we think the U.S. dollar very slightly strengthens against the Canadian dollar, the British pound and the euro. If you stop and say what does that mean for the full year given what we have to date, that means year-over-year full year, you've got slight strengthening against the pound, very, very slight strengthening against the Canadian dollar, more pronounced strengthening though, obviously, against the euro, the koruna and the ruble. And then given the profitability of those markets, when you're talking about wherever we're seeing strengthening, that's how you aggregate to kind of an $0.08 bad guy for the year. And I know -- I saw a couple of notes out about FX helping and maybe some good guys there. We actually saw the dollar weaken a bit against some of our currencies in December. I'd tell you a little more color. Those same rates swung right back the other way so far in January, as of yesterday. So obviously, it's difficult to predict. And quite frankly, I'm trying not to be in the business too deeply trying to predict this stuff. But I would say again that the rates so far this year have been dead on what we thought they'd be. And hence, the conversion to our financials have been right about what we thought. So there's the outlook in detail. Maybe a little more than you wanted, but I thought I'd get it all out there.
Operator: Next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I wanted to revisit Europe for a second. I appreciate the 15% constant currency number. But can you give here what was the reason for the growth? Is it -- can you parse that out a little bit in terms of pricing opportunities, strategically that you put in market relative to a bit of a market rebound? Is there a significant mix towards Russia that was disproportionate this quarter out of U.K.? Because that number was stronger than I also was looking for.
Paul R. Garcia: And I think you have add one word too, Dan. I mean, just business performance, adding merchants, taking market share. I mean, I think we enjoyed all of that.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you're saying it's pricing, it's market share, we added a bunch of people. I mean, it was just the typical blocking and tackling, and all of a sudden, they just kind of started hitting this quarter or...
Paul R. Garcia: Go ahead, David.
David E. Mangum: So Dan, a couple of things that are happening. We are seeing -- so there are really 3 keys. Paul has provided the foundational answer. There are 3 key markets and 3 primary things happening that drive the kind of growth you saw. First is Russia where we're seeing really rapid growth. Two things: adoption and sort of acceptance of general adoption, 140 million Russians transacting, more and more; also, a little bit more of the year-over-year impact of the Alfa acquisition, which is now fully annualized but we got some help from that in the quarter. So outsized growth in Russia from Alfa married to really just strong growth general organically in Russia. The Spain business that has growth in, again, the high singles, but really, growth you might not expect from Spain given macro when you sort of stare at us from the outside. That's been fueled by the partnership with la Caixa in general, so the sales and the execution Paul described, but also by new products, including DCC we've introduced in the Spanish market. And then the final piece of the puzzle is the U.K. where we're seeing solid performance even though the macro is challenging. Average tickets are challenging in a market like the U.K., as you might expect given macro, given economic. But we're seeing really nice card-not-present growth in our international acquiring platform there. Now with that comes a little less profitability, little lower margin, which you can see in some of the other parts of the income statement when you look at international. But it's really driving great growth for the United Kingdom overall for the quarter.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then if I could revisit the notion of referral partnerships. I have -- I guess the question is when you're talking about first mover advantage, sometimes that worries me a little bit in terms of giving up pricing to gain share early on. It doesn't sound like that, but if you could just kind of maybe talk a bit about how that might play into the equation? And then the last thing I have in relation to that, is there anything unique and different that would surprise us about how some of these have to be accounted for?
David E. Mangum: Dan, so you cut out at the beginning of your question. Was that a question about some of the mobile partnerships or the market?
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sorry, I'll repeat it. The question was in the referral partnerships that you guys are looking forward to, hopefully later in the year, when you talk about first mover advantages of those markets as one of the things that are exciting, sometimes I ask kind of is it indicative of having to give up pricing early on in those relationships to gain that kind of a share early on? And I just want to know if that's something that we can just alleviate and we don't have to worry about? And then secondly, is there anything that you unique and different that would surprise us about how some of these partnerships have to be accounted for?
David E. Mangum: Got you. So great question. You're really speaking to the commentary about Asia and the new partnerships and sort of the tail helping a little bit with the Q4 hockey stick in Asia. The answer to your question is these are very traditional-looking referral arrangements. These aren't ISOs. So we don't have the beginnings of ISO accounting in Asia with the stuff that's on the table in Asia right now. What you do have is expanding referral basis and then expanding source of the kind of leads we need to close and grow more rapidly in the markets in which we already operate. Maybe the opportunity to accelerate those since we can now, after having closed the acquisition of the other half of Asia, actually talk to other partners who might not otherwise have wanted to process through a joint venture with a competing bank. So it's actually very traditional. And really, I don't think you'd find if you saw the details on any sort of risk to how you understand referral partnerships work around the world from a market perspective. Just sort of right down the middle for Asia right now.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So there's no kind of disproportionate fixed costs versus variable costs or anything like that in that market, right?
David E. Mangum: No, it's the usual -- the more we can get these leads, the more we get more merchants. And then the fixed cost leverage is what comes into play as soon as we can process it.
Operator: We will take our final question for today from Steven Kwok with KBW. After which, Mr. Garcia will give his closing statement.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just one quick question on surcharging. I believe merchants have the ability to surcharge at the end of the month if they choose to. But they also need to notify the networks and the merchant acquirers as well. So I was wondering if you could provide any context around any indications on merchants, whether they're looking to do that or not? And what are your thoughts on there?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Steven, it's Jeff. So those rules just came out. Those operating regulations just came out from the networks right before Christmas and the holidays. So you're right, the effective date is the end of January. The merchants do have to give their acquirers, the networks, 30 days advance notice, is what I believe you were referring to, of the desire to surcharge. And there's a fair amount of training, signage and changes to billing statements that have to go into effect to enable that to happen. Sitting here today, I'm not aware of widespread notifications to us or other acquirers that matter of the desire to surcharge. We are making changes to our operating rules pursuant to what the networks have asked us to do as part of the settlement to enable surcharging. I'd also point out, it is restricted in a number of states in the United States by state law. So the networks are subject to that, and the settlement is as well. So I think, Steven, more to come, but there have not been a lot of initial pre-notifications, 30 days in advance of the end of January to enable the surcharging. I do think that some will try it, and we'll have more update on that as time goes on.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. Thank you, operator. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us this afternoon. I want to remind you all that next week, on January 17, we'll be at the NYSE for our Investor Conference. I look forward to seeing you all there. Thank you so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 7 p.m. Eastern Time and again at midnight on January 22, 2013. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial (855) 859-2056, or international participants can dial (404) 537-3406. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-09-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jeffrey S. Sloan - President
Analysts: James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Fiscal First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2013 First Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, September 27, 2012, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane. And thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. We met our expectations for the first quarter of fiscal 2013, and we are on target to achieve our full year financial expectations. Revenue grew 9% in the first quarter to $590 million, resulting in cash earnings per share of $0.87. On a constant currency basis, revenue and cash earnings per share grew 12% and 3%, respectively. I'm pleased to note that the 2 previously announced acquisitions, namely the U.S.-based Accelerated Payment Technologies, or APT, and the purchase of HSBC's 44% ownership interest in our Asia-Pacific joint venture, are both expected to close in the second quarter. We also anticipate increasing our borrowing capacity by up to $850 million, which David will take you through in just a moment. I think the benefits of the Asia-Pacific transaction are obvious, as it allows us to execute our long-term expansion strategy. As APT was just announced in August, it represents a significant investment. I'd like to spend a few moments discussing the strategic benefits of this acquisition. APT is an innovative provider of fully integrated technology payment solutions for small to medium-sized merchants. This deal allows us to add a very profitable, defensible, high growth, direct distribution channel. APT markets its products through a network of 700 value-added resellers, or VARs, covering 30 verticals. Integrated payment solutions are a tremendous growth area for small to medium-sized merchants which, of course, is our sweet spot. These merchants value customized solutions that streamline back-office operations like scheduling, inventory, record management and billing, to name a few. APT seamlessly integrates a payment module into software solutions for vertical markets, including dental, medical, pharmacy, specialty retail, automotive and veterinary. Growth will be fueled by ongoing organic trends, adding new merchants via existing VAR partners and through establishing new VAR relationships. Importantly, once these relationships are established, the business tends to be very sticky, resulting in low attrition rates. As we have had a long-standing relationship with APT and process approximately 90% of their volumes, there is little to no integration risk. In summary, APT has sustained excellent margins and a loyal customer base while leveraging industry-leading technology. We look forward to welcoming the APT team to Global Payments. I'll now turn the call over to David. David?
David E. Mangum: Thank you, Paul. As we expected, currency changes were a headwind during the first quarter on a year-over-year basis. For the total company, currency changes negatively affected revenues and cash earnings by about $16 million and $0.04 per share, respectively, with the most significant impact due to movements against the euro, Canadian dollar and the British pound. North America Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 13% in the quarter, driven by U.S. transaction growth of 12%. Canada's revenue declined 8% in local currency on a year-over-year basis. This reflects ongoing pressure on spreads, partially offset by transaction growth of 3%. Canada delivered about what we expected from an income contribution perspective. For the quarter, North America cash operating income, or EBIT dollars, were $71.4 million, a decline of 4% primarily due to Canadian performance, an unfavorable Canadian exchange rate and an increase in technology spending, partially offset by profit growth in our U.S. business. The resulting operating margin in North America was 16.7%. International revenue was slightly below prior year, primarily due to foreign currency exchange rates across all currencies. On a local-currency basis, Europe performed well, especially given current macroeconomic conditions, driven by revenue growth in the United Kingdom and Russia. Spain grew modestly on a local-currency basis, which was impressive given that this quarter we annualized a joint venture marketing free true up from last year's first quarter. For the quarter, Asia-Pacific revenue grew 1% over last year's first quarter and delivered its expected income contribution for the quarter. International cash operating income in total of $65 million was down 1%, and of course was affected by currency translation. Operating margin of 39.8% was about flat with prior year. Remember that the Q1 2012 margin included over 100 basis points of margin benefit from the marketing free true-up in Spain. Our first quarter GAAP and cash tax rates were 31.4% and 31.8%, respectively. We continue to expect that both the GAAP and cash effective tax rates to be about 29% of the full year of fiscal 2013, with lower quarterly rates for the remainder of the year. We generated free cash flow of $44 million, down from $67 million in the prior year primarily due to cash outflows related to the processing system intrusion and the timing of capital expenditures. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. During the quarter, capital expenditures were $29 million, primarily related to the data center and infrastructure initiatives and intrusion remediation activities. And we continue to anticipate our full year fiscal capital expenditures will total about $110 million. Our total available cash, including working capital at the end of the first quarter, was approximately $275 million. Regarding our data intrusion remediation efforts, we are on track to hit our target of completing our remediation efforts to our processing systems by calendar year end. First quarter pretax charges related to this initiative totaled $24 million and included investigation costs, incentive payments to certain business partners, remediation costs and professional fees. We continue to anticipate that for the full year of 2013, intrusion costs will total about $55 million to $65 million or a net expense of $25 million to $35 million after expected insurance proceeds of $28 million are applied. This, of course, includes the $24 million amount we recorded in the first quarter. Under our stock repurchase program, for September 26 we have purchased a total of 280,000 shares at an average price of just over $42 per share for a total of about $12 million. $138 million remains outstanding $150 million authorization. In the next few days, we anticipate closing a new senior unsecured term loan of up to $700 million and to increase our existing revolving line of credit by as much as $150 million for a total increase in capacity of $850 million. We appreciate the support of our partners and want to thank them for their efforts as we complete this transaction. After the imminent close of the APT acquisition, we will have over $700 million of dry powder for acquisitions and ongoing share repurchases. Now given all the moving parts, including the acquisitions and the new financing, I thought it would be helpful to review the details of our outlook for 2013, incorporating these new items. We continue to expect annual fiscal 2013 revenue to range from $2.36 billion to $2.4 billion, reflecting 7% to 9% growth on a reported basis and 8% to 10% growth on a constant currency basis. We continue to expect revenue growth in the United States of low double digits, and we expect Canada to decline slightly in local currency. We continue to anticipate total international revenues will grow at a mid-single-digit rate in U.S. dollars. That includes mid-single-digit growth in local currency in the United Kingdom and Spain. We expect the Czech Republic's revenue in local currency to be about flat, with Russia growing over 20% in local currency. When you translate this performance into U.S. dollars, this results in low-single-digit growth in a difficult macro environment in Europe. Then in Asia-Pacific, we expect high single to low-double-digit revenue growth. We continue to expect foreign currency to negatively affect cash earnings per share this year by approximately $0.08, assuming downward pressure from all currencies with the most significant impact coming from the euro. We expect APT to be about neutral to cash earnings per share in fiscal 2013. Given that we currently process over 90% of APT's volume, our revenue expectations already include the impact of this acquisition. We also expect APT to add about 70 basis points to North America margins and approximately 50 basis points to the total company operating margin of fiscal 2013. So we now expect overall company cash operating margins to decline a little over 100 basis points on a reported basis. We now anticipate our Asia-Pacific acquisition will close a little later in the second quarter. However, the impact of this delay on cash earnings will be offset by the positive impact of the small share repurchases we've executed to date. Interest and other expense from the new financing has already been factored into our Asia and APT financial expectations. So in summary, based on these current assumptions, we continue to expect our cash earnings per share to be in the range of $3.59 to $3.66, reflecting 2% to 4% growth over fiscal 2012. On a constant currency basis, we expect revenue to grow 8% to 10%, and cash earnings per share to grow 4% to 6% over fiscal 2012. As a reminder, this outlook does not include the impact of any future share repurchases. We've updated our fiscal 2013 GAAP earnings per share expectation to include the impact of the APT acquisition. Based on preliminary purchase accounting estimates, we expect APT to be about $0.23 dilutive to fiscal year 2013 GAAP earnings per share. We now anticipate GAAP earnings per share, excluding the impact of all intrusion remediation costs to be in the range of $2.99 to $3.06. And one final note. In the next couple of days, we will be filing an amendment to our 2012 10-K to correct clerical errors in a couple of places in the original filing. There will be no changes to the financial statements or related disclosures. The revised filing will include an explanatory note that will point you to the changes. And I will turn the call back to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. I am pleased with our company's financial performance, our global market position and our execution on strategic initiatives such as a recent announcement to allow our merchants to accept PayPal at the point-of-sale. We have strengthened our U.S. direct business with the APT acquisition and we intend to aggressively expand our Asia-Pacific presence. In closing, I am confident that we are on track to successfully execute our strategies for growth. I'll now turn the call over to Jane. Jane?
Jane M. Forbes: Thanks, Paul. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to 1 and 1 follow-up in order to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you and operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Jim Kissane with Credit Suisse.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: David, can you give a little more color on the outlook in Canada? It sounds like you're expecting the decline to moderate somewhat for the balance of the year? I'm just trying to get a sense in terms of why you expect that to decline? Are you seeing real stability up there, because it doesn't look like that in the -- in just the quarter just passed?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. I don't think we're expecting fundamental changes in sort of the core spread declines, Jim, on an organic basis. And I'll turn this over to Jeff in a second to talk about the market, what we're seeing there. What you will see though, as the year goes on, first off, is less pressure year-over-year from a currency perspective, which will, assuming like a big difference in the reported outlook in U.S. dollars. In addition, we have a couple of different actions, again I'll let Jeff add color to this, working on some products, pricing and also some sales actions over the course of the year to begin to have a little more impact in Q3 and Q4. But again, really nothing fundamental changing in terms of the trajectory and some of the ongoing pressures. There's some things around the edges that help ameliorate things later in the year.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, thanks, David. Jim, it's Jeff. If you recall, there was a quarter last year where we really felt like the spread diminution got ahead of us. I think we've done a nice job and I think David's commentary reflects this, taking a very good view about what spread trends are likely to be for the year, and that's encompassed in our -- in David's guidance today. So as we said in the July call, we do expect Canada to be a modest headwind for this fiscal year, and we've done a few things just to be more specific. First, we had some reductions that we took at the end of last fiscal year, and we'll get the full year impact of that throughout fiscal '13. Second, we continue to see new good sales trends for new direct revenue signings, Jim, in Canada. Those will help as we go throughout the year so we're happy with that, as well as additional product introductions. And then selectively, throughout the year, price actions. So when I think you come to a good view on where spread is likely to continue to trend with the advantage of some of the things we've done last year and some good sales efforts this year, we feel comfortable with the guidance that David reiterated. And as you mentioned, in his prepared remarks, we did end up about as expected on income contribution for the quarter.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Jeff, is it all spread compression? Or is it an increase in client attrition? So a decline in the retention in Canada, as a result of pricing and more competition up there, what's the mix of that?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, thanks for pointing that out, Jim. Actually, attrition in Canada has declined fairly markedly in our Canadian business. I think, as I mentioned on some previous calls, I'm glad you raised it, we put in place a fair amount of analytics by way of framework around value-added customers, and we actually have seen a decline most recently in attrition, and that's part of our outlook that, that continue. And is part of the reason why we're giving the guidance we're giving for the rest of the fiscal year.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just one last question, I'm sorry, Jane. Jeff, do you see the light at the end of the tunnel in Canada?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, I think what we've seen is the spread diminution persist, and we're going to make sure that we avoid some of the pitfalls, Jim, that we had last year, where we assume that we're really moderate and instead what I think we're doing is managing for that continued scenario, and if we're presently surprised, then that's a happy outcome for everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just following Jim's question around Canada, just maybe the products, I'm assuming it's things like DCC, I mean, how are those things sort of testing in marketplace? And then just on the pricing side, I think historically, that's usually come together with rule changes or any change adjustments. I don't -- I didn't see any big changes, maybe I missed it. So I'm curious what the strategy is around the price in Canada.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I'll start. And David obviously, and Paul can jump in. First on the pricing changes, there really has not been a meaningful interchange change from the networks in Canada for, I believe, 3 years now. Tien-Tsin, that's a environment we've been living in for quite some time, and have taken selective actions as you know, over the last few years in that landscape. So we're not anticipating, Tien-Tsin, that, that change at all, and that been imbibed in our commentary and David's commentary about our outlook for the -- for fiscal '13. That's your second question first. On your first question, we have introduced DCC into the marketplace in Canada. I can tell you that, that product is running ahead of our expectations at this point, which was part of my explanation to Jim in his questioning. And we hope and expect that to continue in Canada. We're also looking at introducing other new products and customers in different segments use that marketplace in fiscal '13. So I feel good about where we are. It's really the small, medium-sized business spread diminution, coupled with a relatively difficult macroeconomic climate in that region. But we're managing for that, and I think we managed it well in the first quarter.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks, Jeff. And then just, I guess a bigger picture question around APT and ISOs and flying in some of those ISOs. I know the VAR channel's quite attractive, and that's a good asset. But I'm curious in general what the ISO reaction has been to you buying Accelerated here, and I know there's been lot of chatter about other portfolios potentially coming to market and whether or not, if that's something you -- we should consider global -- putting -- committing more capital to doing and potentially bring in more ISOs down the road? Just a bigger question around that, did that make sense?
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Tien-Tsin, this is Paul. The APT deal was unique in that there are really not a lot of companies that we're familiar with that fit that profile. The reaction from our ISO customers has been, I think, the correct one. And that is, they know this has no impact on their relationship with us. There's no impact on their relationship with existing or potential customers. And they're in no way disadvantaged at all. In fact, it's possible they may take up some additional services and offerings out of this deal as we understand more about what we can do with this asset. So the reaction has been pretty much, really, not much of a reaction at all, quite frankly. Now so and also to be clear what we would -- do you expect us to do more of these deals, I think it's probably unlikely we're going to be actively participating in other ISO opportunities because once again, this was something that was unique.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Roman Leal from Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess as a follow-up to Tien-Tsin's. What -- can you help us understand what are some of the, I guess, the potential uses of capital and -- I know it's hard to answer the question, but $700 million is a lot of dry powder, and more curious on the timing, just happens to coincide with a lot of chatter on the ISO front. But maybe help us understand what you're hearing elsewhere.
David E. Mangum: So Roman, this is David, I'll take the first part, maybe pass it off to Paul for a bit more color on the second. What you're seeing us do with the term loan and the addition to the revolving line of credit is indeed resetting the capital structure and resetting our dry powder. What that does is give us the flexibility to go forward, to continue to pursue our growth strategies, organic, inorganic, so more acquisitions, but also to pursue share buybacks as we talked to you before about being opportunistic with us, we obviously have a current authorization of $150 million, you heard in the prepared comments we've used just a small bit of that because we are circumspect during the quarter on the way to actually getting close to executing the financing I described in the prepared comments. So what this really does is allow to pursue what we've described to you for some time in terms of capital strategy, continued organic pension, continued focus on acquisitions that bring us at to some version near-term accretion and/or our long-term growth opportunities, married to consistent buybacks, opportunistic or just routine, in order to offset dilution. So we're on track to do all of those things, and really pleased to execute that in the middle of a lot of complexity around the company. So very happy with the way all these pieces have come together, having the imminent close of APT married to that all works very nicely for us. Add a little more color, Paul?
David E. Mangum: Yes, thanks, David. Roman, I think your point about the chatter. I think we should be worried about ISOs that potentially could be looking for a transaction. I would tell you, it is a rare ISO and I would speak for ours, I know some of them that aren't ours. It's a rare ISO that isn't for sale at the right price. This is some more overt action that takes place from time-to-time. But I would tell you it is to be expected. And quite frankly, although you never say never, I am not -- I would not tell you to expect us to be actively engaged in any of those processes.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, thanks. And maybe for Jeff, obviously was a big announcement out of Brazil with the Redecard acquisition. Just curious to hear your thoughts on how that changes, if at all, your strategy there?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, thanks, Roman. So just to give a quick update on Brazil. As a reminder, we're still licensing with the networks where we're heading toward the tail end of that process in licensing, and moving on to certification. I think one happy change with the Redecard transaction is that we are seeing a higher level of interest among potential bank partners in that market to pursue outsourcing, a JV or other relationships with us. For the sheer reason that they do view now, Redecard really is being a part of another financial institution. I think it's one thing to be owned by a number of financial institutions for banking products, and it's another to be owned by one, especially a large one, so we certainly have seen a pickup in interest, Roman, in the last number of months from the financial institutions in Brazil and having an active dialogue with us, which is consistent with what we thought, and it's good news.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And is there any update on the potential timing of getting your licenses, which I think is maybe the last hurdle there? And then also, maybe -- sorry if I missed this, but on the tax rate, it was a little higher than we had expected in this quarter. What was the cost of that? And I guess the implications are that the tax rates are going to be a little bit lower for the next few quarters?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, I'll start, Roman. It's Jeff.
Paul R. Garcia: By the way for the record, that was just one follow-up.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Roman, it's Jeff. I'll talk with the Brazil question. I think David will tell you about the tax rate. While I'm on Brazil, we're very much toward the tail end, I believe, of the licensing effort with both the networks in Brazil and then it really moves toward certification. So what we are targeting is toward the tail end of this fiscal year, fiscal '13, to be in pallid [ph] and then to be live. That goes beyond the licensing and certification date, because obviously then, we're ramping up the sales force and introducing the products and then going into pilot. And February, as you know, in Brazil tends to be a pretty light month given the schedule down there. But I would say that we're very pleased and on track with where we are with licensing, and we view certification as really the next step and with our technology partner there, we feel like they've got a lot of visibility in getting that done.
David E. Mangum: From a tax rate, Roman, I would point you back to 2012 where you saw the same trajectory, a higher Q1, a much lower Q2 through Q4. What's happened in each of the last 2 years, the start of the year is U.K. has changed its effective corporate income tax rates. That causes us to revalue some of our deferred tax assets, which causes us to take some extra tax expense in Q1, and it all washes through with lower rates, as you said in your question, in Q2, Q3 and Q4, on the way to be about 29% we expect to see for the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor from Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Asia-Pacific, it sounds like you -- if I caught the message right, that the outlook for the year just slightly couched a little bit more to the downside with the high single-digit, low double-digit caveat. Why the slight ramp down in expectations?
David E. Mangum: Glenn, it's David, and then I'll let Paul comment as well. So what we saw in Q1, maybe not different from some other headlines you've seen around Asia. We saw a bit of a decline in average ticket, which hindered growth a little bit. We're obviously watching that closely. Maybe as important as anything else is we expect Asia to be on profit for the year, it was on profit for the quarter. We have managed out some unprofitable merchant relationships, you know about the airline we managed out 2 or 3 quarters ago, so that obviously was a bit of a hindrance to growth. So in looking at sort of the macro in Asia, looking at the initial indicator of the average ticket, we're taking a slightly more cautious look at the top line in Asia, not the bottom line. We still expect our business in Asia to achieve its bottom line objectives. So when you pull the pieces together, we're expecting higher growth in Q3 and Q4 than we've seen in Q1, a little better performance in Q2 as well. And to marry that, just to explain it a little bit because it's the obvious follow-up, what we're seeing is a couple of product launches in Q3 and Q4 from some of our big merchants, particularly some big electronics merchants. We do expect to have volume from some new referral partners we've signed coming online in Q3 and Q4 as well. We've got some targeted marketing actions around some of our products, installment payment plan products and dynamic currency products as well. But all in, yes, you read the tea leaves correctly. A little cautious on the top line outlook, but feeling like the execution there in Asia to drive the bottom line.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's great color. And then regarding Discover, just so I'm clear on how this relationship works, I mean will you be actively soliciting merchants to accept it or is that just something that it's -- the [indiscernible] the merchant to come to you to say we want this PayPal acceptance? And then to map out the potential revenue lift for you, is it -- it's just simply we assume some level of volume increase with roughly your same economics or will be -- there'll be something different there with this model?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Glenn, it's Jeff. Let me start with that and David and Paul, obviously, can jump in. So we're very pleased in our partnership with Discover and with PayPal that was part of our announcement today with our earnings. I would say that we're going to actively market this through Discover in the same way that we have a very active partnership with Discover in the United States and around the world today. So this is another way that we're making it easier for our merchants to accept any form of payment from a consumer that, that consumer chooses to utilize. Just like CUP, for example, is something we enable acceptance for around the world, so is PayPal at the point-of-sale in the United States. PayPal on PayPal is something else that we're going to enable acceptance among our merchant base, which I think is very exciting for them. In terms of a revenue lift, I think it's too early to really get into that kind of segmentation. I think you'll note that Discover has said that is really a Q2 2013 calendar initiative for Discover and PayPal. So we're very excited about it. But we really view it as another point of technology-enabled distribution that we can provide as a value to our customer base.
David E. Mangum: And, Glenn, I would also tell you in all fairness, it's similar economics. And the question is, does it result in additional transactions going from cash or you're just taking another credit or debit card and turning it into this one? And quite frankly, we don't know that. We suspect probably a little bit of that. And I think -- so we're going to -- this is about offering products and services to our customers. It's about supporting -- Discover has been a great partner and quite frankly, PayPal is a great customer of ours as well. So it just made a lot of sense for us and -- but I would think any revenue implications this year are going to be modest. I would like to comment on Asia-Pacific though, if I may, and go back. The issue with Asia-Pacific, and we've said this a number of times, is about $35 million for the quarter. If it increased by 10% or 15% or 20%, I mean it's a very small increase for the company overall. I mean, it might impact the overall growth by 1% or 2% on the upper end. The opportunity for Asia is all about taking advantage of China and India. And heretofore, we really haven't had that opportunity with this transaction we're hoping will close in the not-too-distant future, we now can take advantage of that. And that's where the excitement is. So hopefully, we'll be talking about Asian growth that is significant, and eventually a significant part of our company.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin McVeigh from Macquarie.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: Just wonder if you could give us a little more color on margin progression across international North America on a sequential basis, quarterly for the balance of the year, just directionally.
Paul R. Garcia: Just the segments themselves and how they shape over the course of the year?
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: Yes. And just so I think I'm clear, the full year impact of the margin progression would really be more significant in terms of the back half of the year, right? If it's a full year impact. So if it's 50 basis points, is it 100 in the back of the year and that just annualizes to the 50? Just a little more color on margins overall, that would be great.
David E. Mangum: Yes, sure, I'd be happy to give you some of those pieces. So the way to think about this just in terms of progression sequentially is that the North America margins likely hang around about where they are on a cash basis over the course of the year. You see a little bit more movement in the international pieces just depending on the timing of some FX and how the pieces come together in terms of the performance in which market, at which margin do we see the performance over the course of the year. So you'll see more movement in international sequentially than domestic. Now what you'll see in total when we add all this together is almost some traditional seasonality. So you see our margins dip a little bit into Q2 and then into Q3, which is our seasonally weakest quarter around the world. And in other words, in every market around the world in that December through February period for us, you'll see our lowest margin and you'll see the margins come back maybe toward even Q1 levels in Q4. And then all in, that's where you'll get the overall impact. Now recall, when I say that about the U.S. margins, that means that -- or the U.S. margins -- excuse me, the North American margins, they are being held by the addition of APT coming in, in Q2 and helping provide a little more ballast to that margin in Qs 2, 3 and 4, hence the trajectory there may be a little different from your model right now just because of that little bit of extra help you get in each of the quarters from APT.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: Super. And then any sense of -- and this may be hard to kind of segment, but of the 850, how much would be kind of dedicated towards buyback? It sounds like you're a little hampered in the quarter versus growing the business organically versus potential acquisitions.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, I think we've -- what you have to like about what we've done in terms of sort of resetting the cap structure is we have attractive pricing, we have attractive amortization, so we now have the flexibility to pursue, win or not, usually exclusive goals. So we have an excellent authorization for buyback. As you know, we have a track record of executing on those buybacks, there's 138 million remaining. So it's pretty mature to talk about anything beyond what we've done to date and the fact that we have a track record to execute on those. But this gives us the opportunity to do both those things, continue to pursue growth while appropriately balancing that with returning capital to shareholders with buybacks. And that's really how I think about the dry powder at this point.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I would just say, it's Jeff. Let me just add to what David said. I would say from an M&A pipeline point of view, we still have a very full pipeline. I would say most of the deals are probably on the smaller side in terms of purchase price from a capital point of view versus some of the deals that we've done to date. So we're pleased with the opportunities, but those look like they're probably going toward the smaller side versus the larger.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of a Brett Huff from Stephens Incorporated.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: David, just a quick question for you. In terms of the cash available, I know some of your cash is overseas; can you remind us what the split is between what you can use for a repo and what you can't?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think the simplest answer, Brett, is we can assume right now that almost every dollar of that available cash is abroad, is overseas. And it was another piece of what was important about straightening out the cap structure, was to make sure that we have the flexibility to go anywhere with capital deployment. So I appreciate the question, I'm glad. I should have highlighted that earlier.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess my follow-up, and I'm not sure who is best to answer this, but you kind of alluded to Europe as still being an interesting place where some portfolios might come. Can you just give us a sense of what banks are thinking, what your sense is sort of, I guess, near and medium term about what attractive portfolios might be out there? I mean, in my view, you guys are the best acquirer of those portfolios if I'm a bank in Europe. Can you just give us more color on that? Because I think a lot of folks are interested to hear about that.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Brett, thank you for that last comment, this is Paul. I would tell you that we are limited in what we could say. We will tell you that part of the pipeline that Jeff just referred to does involve Europe. And there are some attractive properties. We can talk about one opportunity in Spain. As you know, la Caixa has purchased some financial institutions or merging with those, and they do have some portfolios available. And we always said that when that happens, we'll have an opportunity to do something here. Those aren't big at all. But there are some other opportunities outside of Spain that we are pursuing. So I would tell you, stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wayne Johnson with Raymond James.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: More of an industry-centric question. Could you comment on the impact, if any, Square, Groupon, their pricing strategy for payment processing in the small retail market? Is that a potential threat to industry pricing? Does it impact GPN? Just any commentary around that, Paul, would be very helpful.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Wayne, thank you. Well, I think it would be disingenuous to suggest that all the advertisements, Square in particular, and of course some recent announcements from Groupon that's trying to one up them, doesn't have some impact. So you could say that they have kind of set the high bar at whatever they announce. Now the reality is there's a lot more to pricing. I think that our ISOs who are primarily involved with that space, that's not really something we pitch directly. They do sign tens of thousands, tens of thousands of new customers every single month with us, and successfully doing so. In some cases, the headline rate is lower than the Square rate. In many cases though, it's not, and in some -- in most cases there are some fees, appropriate fees. I think that the major difference between what they're doing and what Square's doing, I would say their business is pretty profitable. I think Square has different objectives other than profit because at these levels on these merchants, they can't be making a whole bunch. I think Groupon, obviously I don't have any deep insight there, Wayne, but they're taking advantage of touching all of those merchants and that's probably a clever add-on. And they are another ISO, for want of a better term, and welcome to the party and let's see how they do.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's really helpful. And just a question on a company-specific item. Could you give us an update on how the domestic G2 conversion is going? Any directional color there would be helpful.
David E. Mangum: Yes, Wayne, it's David. We continue to move methodically through the G2 migrations. As we've discussed, we're not giving lots of highlights and so we're not giving expectations. We have moved large customers, including our largest customer, onto the platform and we continue to move through in a very collaborative environment with our customers as we nail their requirements, and we're ready to move when they are ready to move, we continue to move through the base. So we think we're on track in continuing the solid performance in this regard, not highlighting it because with everything else going on with all the moving parts, it's not core to the strategy to rush customers toward G2 when they're processing perfectly well with great service on existing platforms.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Ashish calling on behalf of Bryan Keane. A quick question on the Durbin benefit. Can you just let us know if you're still getting the benefit from Durbin Amendment? And -- or has it been completed of yet? And what are your expectations of that benefit going forward?
David E. Mangum: Yes, this is David. At this point, it would be difficult analytically to find the impact and parse out the impact of debit legislation. Anything we've discussed with you before, which really dates back almost to January when we last really parsed this individually, remains in the base. We do expect, obviously over a very long period of time, water finds its own level and pricing is pricing. But right now, the price is the price and any debit legislation that's in the price continues to be in the price, and we continue to work in a highly competitive market, signing new merchants and retaining and maintaining existing. But analytically, it'd be very difficult to parse that out for you right now.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So the expectation is that it will continue to help going forward and obviously, the question was just like how long do you think it will be before completed of yet. And then a quick follow-up on Visa's new debit strategy. So they have this new debit strategy where they're giving out increased incentives for the merchants and acquirers. Have you seen any benefit from that? And have you seen any change in routing volume based on those benefits? If you broke -- add any color on that.
Paul R. Garcia: Sure, happy to. I think first, I'd start by reminding you and everyone else that routing is something we do on behalf of our customers as inexpensively and as well as we can. That means on a routine basis, we are always looking for the cheapest option. I don't regard the debit routing incentives that you're describing that have been disclosed by other parties in the market as a huge sea change in the way debit is processed in the market in terms of the economics to us. Each couple of years, we are looking almost from a procurement perspective, to get the best deal we can, and this is this year's example of it. Is there a benefit in our income statement this year? Absolutely. It is quite small and nothing I would point out to you very directly. I would suggest it's probably an effective strategy and we are happy to work with folks who incent us and give us the best benefits we can to give routing and drive the most volume to the right places.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to just ask a follow-up on the question regarding some of the newer entrants to the market and particularly with Square and Starbucks. And I guess, Paul, just to kind of get your gut feeling, if we're sitting here 12 to 18 months from now, do you think we'll be saying that Starbucks was kind of a one-off for Square in terms of a real large merchant, signing up with them and Paymentech, or do you think that it has the potential to actually set off a chain reaction among other large retailers in that type of quick serve retail environment?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, I would think of -- I would say more the former. I think it's -- I'm not in any way dissing the clever nature of it and I think that certainly garnered a lot of headlines. But there are some inherent pricing disadvantages to how they're approaching it. And also some of the kind of the sexy stuff they're doing is still not to be realized and quite frankly, not proprietary like facial recognition and things. What I would say, Jason, is that I think you'll see more clever creative approaches. But I think what we saw with PayPal is more indicative. And I know it sounds a little self-serving, but I happen to believe its 100% accurate. It's more indicative, I think, of how we'll see things happen. There are very well, well-worn, very proven ways to get back and forth to merchants, and those people that want to ride those rails and willing to pay all the participants appropriately will find themselves with a huge amount of new customers. I mean I think the PayPal adoption versus the Square adoption, I think you'll see some significant differences with the emphasis on the PayPal side just because of what they're doing.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just to shift gears a bit into the gaming business, I know it's not that big in terms of revenue but it is high margin, and just given some of the shakiness in the macro environment and discretionary consumer spending, any impact on your gaming business or just talk about how it's performing versus plan?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Thus far, Jason, this is David, it's right on track for what we expected. So we haven't seen it yet. An interesting question, certainly bears watching and we are watching closely, but thus far, right on track.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And, Jason, it's Jeff. I would just add to that, we're very pleased with how we're doing in new wins in the gaming business. You probably saw our press release some time ago about a new customer win, and we're very happy with how that's going and more to come.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's great color. Just lastly on Brazil, any more color on your plans to sell into that market this fiscal year? Are we still looking at another few pennies or so of investment in that market in fiscal '13 kind of similar to last year?
David E. Mangum: Yes, Jason, we are, not just materially off the run rate of last Q4. So it's up a bit year-over-year, but sort of lost in the sauce inside of $3-plus of overall cash earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So Paul, I wanted to come back to the JV, HSBC agent JV buy-in, and you talked about this is a huge opportunity long-term. And what I'm trying to reconcile is the timing of the potential for the deal, understanding that the new CUP in one market took, I don't know, something like 5 years. And so by having CUP kind of sign off on you guys, is that like the due diligence check in that market and that's what gives you confidence to believe that these other large financial institutions will be willing to join forces with you? Or are you just talking in the context of 5, 6, 7 years from now, this is going to be big for Global?
Paul R. Garcia: Well I would say the former, not the latter, that we think this has a more immediate impact. Now I would tell you, even though -- in fact, we haven't actually closed the deal yet. But we haven't been waiting to do that to have conversations, number one. Number two, they're not just necessarily CUP related. I think your point's well made, though. It took years and years and years, Dan, to establish a presence. By the way, we're in 4 areas now with CUP. We haven't really made a big deal out of it, but we now have expanded that geography well beyond where we were even in the last call. I think we had 2 last one and we added 2 more since. So we're expanding throughout PRC with CUP acceptance. But what we're talking about is something even more dramatic than that. Now I hesitate to say that, that will take 6 months or 6 years, but the bias is to have something happen more quickly that is -- that will move the needle. And that's what we're all focused on.
David E. Mangum: And, Dan, this is David, maybe a little more color. Part of that focus is additional partnerships that you can structure now while maintaining the fabulous partnership we have with HSBC in the market. And you can tell that from the extension of the marketing group with them, but expanding partnerships around the region rather than a pure singular focus on China, which is a bit of how I took your question. So there are opportunities to move maybe more quickly than just the China you've tracked over the last few years.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: That's an excellent point. Because -- thank you, David. Because India and also some other markets, quite frankly, that we're, quite frankly, we're not in but would like to that have some reasonable demographics.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that's a point well taken. And the idea is that post closing and even pre-closing, you're having the discussions throughout all of Asia, and the way we should be thinking about it is hopefully 12 months hence closing, you'll have something. And the deals, when you talk about them, are you talking about them in significance of onto themselves? Are you talking about it in the basket of all of these deals once aggregated?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, I think that's also tough to pin us down. I would say both. There are some countries where you're looking at a series of relationships and there's others where just one could be significant. And we'll approach them all differently and there's other ways to -- I mean, there's ways to structure those relationships, not necessarily all cash. So just a couple -- so we've been working for quite some time and I would say this, you're right. In a year from now, if we're still talking about this, we don't have anything to show it for, I'll be disappointed.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then since everyone else got to ask 3 questions, I'll ask one more. The deal with APT, to me, clearly not about revenues at this point, at least. And it's certainly, seemingly more about the protections and expansion of your North American margins which we've all complained about for so long. But once that gets absorbed into the system, then we have to still worry about North American margin degradation because we will grow over the 70 basis points. So I'm just wondering when's the next act that you have that you can utilize this asset for to pay so much money for.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. So, Dan, let me start that and I'm going to ask David to jump in, too. So first of all, the 50 basis points is just for this year's impact. It will offer more than that on a longer-term basis. And in addition, because it's an accretive grower to our business, those margin benefits, we continue to enjoy those margin benefits going forward. So as we can -- this business just -- if it just maintains its growth rate, we hope to accelerate it, we'll continue to get margin benefits of significantly more than that or year after year after year. Now, the other actions we're taking is that we are going to be entering the next fiscal year with a terrific operating platform that offers leverage opportunities. And in North America in general, Jeff, is growing the U.S. I mean, you guys haven't seen that in a long time. And that's -- he's doing a terrific job with that, and we think that Canada does stabilize over time. So there's a number of nice things that we could look forward to in North America. And internationally, we have -- I think we're in the best markets. We have some wonderful businesses and we have opportunities to execute on a number of initiatives there, too. And I think the story there is pretty bright. David? David, you want to add anything here?
David E. Mangum: No.
Operator: We will take the last question from Glenn Greene from Oppenheim. After which, Mr. Garcia will give his closing remarks. Mr. Greene, please go ahead.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I'll just keep it to a couple of questions, the first one's pretty easy. For David, on la Caixa, I guess I was surprised a little bit that Spain was up modestly. I was wondering if you could give us the volume base growth versus the pricing growth or was it all volume-based?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Glenn, we don't really parse the specific markets out. If you look at Spain itself, we saw transaction growth there. You continue, as you would expect, in that market and that economy to see pressure on average tickets. So all in, I think we're seeing organic growth and that's a tribute to the partner we have in that market, la Caixa. So fundamentally, we have organic growth in Spain, which I think is a pretty unique thing to say.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I'll throw in one more Square question for Paul. And the only reason I ask, because there seems to be -- there is a lot of confusion out in the market and the way you described it, I thought, was pretty helpful. Is it just simply the best way to think about this as the kind of comparable to an ISO and the competitive threat to someone like a Global would be sort of an indirect competitive threat to the extent that they potentially take away business from one of your ISOs?
Paul R. Garcia: Start with Groupon and then Square. Yes, I think, Glenn, Square is another competitor. I think they've done a very clever job of going after a much smaller customer, and I think their innovation with the first guy out, their advertisement, I mean that stuff is all very impressive. And Jack Dorsey's an impressive guy. I mean, he's -- it's kind of he's bringing some excitement to our business and I personally am grateful for that. But in terms of what impact it has for us, I would say it's not a business we're in, number one, with Starbucks aside, well, that wasn't our customer. It's not a business we're in, number one. Number two, he's got -- I would tell you he's got some challenges if that is his economic model. The reason none of us have chased that business is it's not terribly attractive. Now we do have one of our ISOs who signs thousands and thousands of Square-like merchants right now successfully. That is a slightly different model. He hasn't cornered the market on that. So long story short, I would say that there are more benefits to have Square as a competitor, quite frankly, than there are negatives. Okay. Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us on the call this evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jeffrey S. Sloan - President
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments' Fourth Quarter Year End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Thanks. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments' Fiscal 2012 Fourth Quarter and Year-End conference call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-Q and 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, July 26, 2012, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce you to Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. I'd like to begin with an update on the data intrusion and the substantial progress we've made to date. I'm pleased to report that our investigation is now completed, and we are actively executing the remediation plan. In regard to returning to the list of PCI-compliant service providers, a qualified security assessor, or QSA, is conducting an independent review of our active remediation activities. Please be assured that we are progressing as rapidly as possible. In the meantime, we continue to sign new merchants and process transactions around the world for all card brands with the same high level of service our customers have come to expect. Given the challenges we faced this year, I am pleased with the revenue and earnings growth we delivered in fiscal 2012. Revenue grew 18% to $2.2 billion, and cash earnings per share grew 15% to $3.53 over prior year. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and debit legislation, our core cash operating margin expanded 10 basis points to 21%. Our North American segment benefited from solid U.S. transaction growth fueled by our ISO and direct channels, partially offset by continued pricing pressure in Canada. Internationally, Europe's strong results were driven by the addition and growth of Spain, the February 2011 U.K. back-end migration and significant market share expansion in Russia. Our Asia business grew more modestly, but continued to improve its contribution to income growth in the international segment. Additionally, during fiscal 2012, we successfully completed 3 targeted acquisitions increasing our distribution in Russia, adding a merchant acquiring business in Malta and expanding our e-commerce presence in the U.S. by acquiring the CyberSource portfolio. We also expanded our domestic footprint in China. Recently, we added 3 new regions for China UnionPay acquiring: Guangzhou and Szechuan provinces and the City of Shenzhen. These significant geographies collectively represent over 175 million people. And we continued to make progress on adding other new regions. It is important to note that we remain the only non-Chinese merchant acquirer licensed to process CUP renminbi transactions in the People's Republic of China. Additionally, I am absolutely delighted to announce we have signed an agreement to acquire the remaining interest in our joint venture in Asia-Pacific from HSBC. Our partnership in Asia-Pacific now evolves from a joint venture to a marketing alliance. Our performance in Asia-Pacific with HSBC support has provided a strong foundation for long-term growth. We intend to leverage our presence there to increase our market penetration across the region. We could not ask for a more supportive partner than HSBC. The strength of their brand and reputation is unparalleled, and we look forward to playing our small part in their global strategy. Turning to fiscal 2013. Even in a challenging global macroeconomic environment, we anticipate 8% to 10% revenue growth on a constant currency basis. Canada remains a modest headwind as we navigate through competitive market conditions. However, I want to remind you that Canada will continue to provide significant cash, which helps fuel other investment opportunities. In 2013, we will continue our technology investment program, with the expectation that these investments will both strengthen our technology infrastructure and improve our long-term operating leverage. We will also increase our investment in Asia as we continue to execute our expansion plans in that region. We intend to use our capital flexibility in 2013 to make additional strategic acquisitions, and we also intend to return cash to shareholders through our newly authorized share repurchase program. Now I'll turn the call over to David.
David E. Mangum: Thank you, Paul. For our fourth quarter, we delivered solid financial performance with revenue growth of 15% to $597 million and cash earnings per share of $0.97 or 13% growth. These results exclude special charges. The pretax charge in the fourth quarter related to the data intrusion was $84 million and includes an estimate for charges from the payment networks, cost of the investigation, as well as initial expenses related to remediation. We anticipate that in 2013, there will be adjustments and additional net charges of $25 million to $35 million after insurance proceeds of as much as $28 million are applied. As all of the costs are finalized, we true up our estimate for charges from the networks and we execute remediation. Other special charges in the fourth quarter included employee termination benefits and the settlement of 2 contractual disputes. Our cash operating income increased 15% to $123 million with operating margin of 20.5%, which was flat with prior year, reflecting the unfavorable effects related to the debit legislation and the 3 acquisitions we discussed last quarter. Now let's move on to our segment results. North America Merchant Services revenue grew 17% for the quarter, with U.S. revenue growth of 25% and U.S. transaction growth of 13%. Canada declined 9% for the quarter, with transaction growth similar to last quarter at 6%. International revenue increased 10% for the quarter compared to last year, with Europe and Asia producing 11% and 5% growth, respectively. North America operating income or EBIT dollars grew 11% in the fourth quarter. International operating income grew 17% in the fourth quarter, with another quarter of strong margin improvement of 230 basis points year-over-year. During the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis, currency changes negatively affected revenues and cash earnings by about $9 million and $0.03 per share, respectively, with the most significant impact from the Canadian dollar and the euro. The impact on revenue and earnings for the full year 2012 was slightly positive, adding $2 million to revenue and $0.01 to cash earnings per share as we had anticipated. For fiscal 2012, we generated free cash flow of $258 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. Our capital expenditures totaled $110 million for the year, about 1/2 of which relates to data center and network infrastructure initiatives. Now let's turn to 2013. We expect North America revenues to grow at a high single to low double-digit level. This reflects consistent growth in the United States of low double digits. And we expect Canada to decline slightly in local currency due to continued market-based pricing pressures. We anticipate that our international revenues will grow in the mid-single digits in U.S. dollars. We expect Asia-Pacific to return to low double-digit growth. We expect mid-single-digit growth rates in local currency in the United Kingdom and in Spain. We expect the Czech Republic's revenue in local currency to be about flat. Russia continues to perform strongly for us, and we expect it to grow over 20% in local currency. When you translate this performance into U.S. dollars, given the strengthening of the dollar, this results in low single-digit growth overall in a difficult macro environment in Europe. Our fiscal 2013 outlook includes incremental technology spending, which affects our earnings growth by as much as 2 percentage points. This is a continuation of the program we initiated prior to the data intrusion and represents a transformation of our data center, network and underlying processing infrastructure, along with compliant spending related to card network initiatives like EMV and the fixed acquired network fee or FANF. Additional technology spending related to security remediation has not been included in our cash earnings expectations. In North America, excluding increased technology spend, we expect cash EBIT dollars to be about flat compared to last year with our core U.S. business modestly increasing, offset by a decline in Canada. Internationally, we expect EBIT dollars to increase in the mid-single digits on a reported basis. We expect overall company cash operating margins to decline approximately 150 basis points on a reported basis. We expect foreign currency to negatively affect cash earnings per share this year by approximately $0.08, assuming downward pressure from all currencies, with the most significant impact coming from the euro in Spain and the British pound. We expect these currency headwinds to be more heavily weighted in the first half of fiscal 2013. We anticipate our effective tax rate to be approximately 29% and our diluted share count to be about $80 million. We expect the Asia acquisition to close during our fiscal second quarter. This transaction extends the period of our existing deal so that HSBC will provide exclusive referrals to Global Payments until 2021. The purchase price is USD $242 million. Given that we already fully consolidate the joint venture, the accounting for the acquisition will not change our revenue or operating income. It will, however, eliminate the impact of the net income attributable to noncontrolling interest from Asia. There will be no incremental purchase accounting amortization on a GAAP basis. Assuming an October 1 close date, we expect as much as $0.07 of cash earnings per share from this acquisition, and this is included in our expectations for 2013. We expect our capital expenditures will be about $110 million. Our total available cash, including working capital as we enter 2013, is approximately $270 million, and our credit facility has approximately $370 million available. In terms of the sequence of quarterly earnings per share, we expect first quarter cash earnings per share to be slightly down over Q1 of 2012 as a result of currency translation. We expect the distribution of quarterly earnings to be roughly consistent with that of 2012. Based on our current assumptions and including the Asia acquisition, we expect annual fiscal 2013 revenue to range from $2,360,000,000 to $2,400,000,000, reflecting 7% to 9% growth and our cash earnings per share to be in the range of $3.59 to $3.66, reflecting 2% to 4% growth over fiscal 2012. On a constant currency basis, we expect revenue to grow 8% to 10% and cash earnings per share to grow 4% to 6% over fiscal 2012. These expectations exclude any impact from potential share repurchases. And now I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. As I reflect on our fiscal 2013 objectives, I want to highlight the fact that we will be growing transactions processed worldwide at a double-digit rate in a very challenging economic climate. We will also continue to grow U.S. EBIT. And our European businesses are extremely well positioned for both organic and inorganic expansion. The data intrusion incident will soon be behind us, and we will emerge with a world-class technology infrastructure offering future operating leverage. Lastly, and I believe the most exciting opportunity of all, is the ability to expand meaningfully across Asia. To be clear, I am not satisfied with our 2013 earnings expectation. Our company has historically performed at a much higher level, and I have every expectation that we will return to those performance levels. However, I believe it is prudent in a year in which we will be dedicating significant resources to building our systems infrastructure to be cautious in regard to our earnings growth. Our faith in our future and our desire to return value to our shareholders is underscored by our board's approval to purchase up to $150 million of our company's stock. I'll now turn the call over to Jane. Jane?
Jane M. Forbes: Thanks, Paul. Even before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one with one follow-up in order to try to accommodate everybody in the queue. Thank you, and operator we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Dave Koning with R.W. Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess first of all, I was just wondering. In North America, it looked like an almost unnaturally high both revenue growth and margin. I was wondering it almost looks like there might have been a term fee or some sort of onetime item. I'm just wondering what maybe that might have been?
David E. Mangum: Sure, Dave. This is David. It's not really onetime items. A couple of things going on there. First is strong seasonality out of the ISO channel. In addition, as you know, if you come on year-over-year rather than sequentially, you'll have the effect of debit legislation there. The beginning of the FANF filling occurred as well, the new FANF filling that's rolling out across the market right now. Also in our Q4 in the United States, which will roll to North America, you have a typical greater giving seasonality with that small business unit does 100% of its earnings for the year in Q4 alone. And I think on sort of a full quarter basis, again depending on whether you're comparing sequentially or year-over-year, remember that our CyberSource relationship evolved from an indirect net revenue relationship to a gross revenue. So all those pieces kind of come together for a very strong Q4, but really about what we expected. Really, in fact, an over-performance in revenue, but in terms of rolling it down to the EBIT line, about what we expected.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I guess my follow-up question, just in APAC, you are calling for a little bit of deceleration relative to the new style is to be in a theme like 20% or 15%, 20% or more. In your contra-deceleration, I know China is coming on. Is that something that you'd expect to have some sort of reacceleration in the next year or 2 or 3 years as some of those Chinese transactions came on more strongly?
David E. Mangum: Yes, that's a part of the answer. And just to make sure I'm answering your question, you're speaking to the revenue across Asia, the growth?
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes.
David E. Mangum: Yes. So if we think about Asia for the full year in 2012 was a 7% growth and in particular, 5% in Q4. We really expect low double digits as we said earlier in the prepared comments in Asia and that is -- it has to do with a number of things. One of them, quite frankly, is that comparables get a little bit easier. Remember, this past year, we were rolling over very tough comparables, large retailer, rolling out new products and the fact that we have rolled out our own new products sort of sequentially over the course of the year before. So that comparable gets a little bit easy. It gets to a more normalized year-over-year comparable, which is always helpful. We do have an accelerated roll out, and we do expect accelerated growth in China to your point. And as you also correctly pointed out, the end result of that is the additional sales folks and some other infrastructure in China as we add these new regions. So it doesn't all drop then to the operating line. And then finally, we've got a number of scheduled rollouts of new products and/or promotions across the regions that we think fuel us back to the level of growth one would expect from these Asian markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Kissane with Credit Suisse.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And congratulations on the HSBC deal.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And following up on that, can you really discuss how you'll operate that business differently now that you have complete control? And then maybe, David, if you can give us some insight in terms of valuation, in terms of what you paid on an EBIT and EBITDA basis?
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. Well I'll take -- as you suggested, we'll do just that order. So this is Paul. The opportunity here is all about expanding our market share in some areas where HSBC had a rather small presence. Not because they lacked the desire or the intent, but they were quite frankly limited by a number of forces, China and India in particular. So we're going to be focused on expanding those markets with some additional partnerships going forward. Now how our relationship changed with them is basically just economic. In terms of referrals, in terms of partnership, in terms of all of the branches directing new business towards us, that continues. In fact, it continues to 2021. David, is that correct?
David E. Mangum: That's correct.
Paul R. Garcia: 2021. So that's all terrific news. But the real sizzle to that steak, Jim, is taking advantage of these opportunities in China and taking advantage of opportunities in India, which we've been talking about for a very long time. And in not too many days from now, that's where I'm heading.
David E. Mangum: And, Jim, if I may put a final point, that's an extension of our referrals to 2021, which we're quite pleased about. Now speaking to the purchase price of $242 million, I'll probably stay away from a specific multiple, but certainly on the EBITDA, but let me characterize it a bit. I think this will help. We arrived at that number in the collegiate conversations with the bank that I think appropriately reflect the growth in Asia to date, as well as the opportunity for further growth in Asia. And double-digit growth, the opportunity policies described certainly is going to put you in that sort of a range where you expect a healthy multiple, and it is just that low double-digit kind of multiple. But without putting a precise number on it, I think it reflects the growth we've achieved and the scale we've achieved, as well as the future growth. And I think both parties are pleased with the outcome.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So low double-digit multiple?
David E. Mangum: I think that's the way to think about it, yes.
Paul R. Garcia: Jim, this is Paul again. I think you have to really listen to what David said though to get the feel for it. I mean without HSBC, we would not have been in that market. Now -- they are now participating to the tune of 44%. And the real opportunity will be forthcoming. If they won't be participating economically, they deserve to be compensated somewhat for that. And that's partly what this was in all fairness.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And you know what you're buying? I get that. And one last question, David, I was a little confused in terms of the remediation costs on data securities. So you're not including any estimate in your 2013 guidance? I mean you talked about a $25 million and that was after insurance. So it sounds like one was a charge and you've not included any estimate in terms of ongoing remediation, is that right? And maybe...
David E. Mangum: Yes. So let me try and polish it a little more clearly, Jim. We don't intend to reflect remediation costs in 2013 in our cash earnings per share as we go through the year. So it's clearly not in the cash earnings per share expectations. Now having said that, as we look to our GAAP expectations, it's difficult for us to precisely estimate the true-ups right now. There's a full process the networks go through. It's very rigorous. It's frankly incredibly impressive, as you sit on the other side of it and work with the networks at the level of sophistication that goes into this. But it takes some time to roll out as they do the right things for issuers, consumers and then in all fairness, the acquirers and the processors involved as well. So it's difficult for us to estimate any true-ups to our current estimates for charges in the networks. To that you'd marry remaining investigation costs that we have already accrued to date, as well as remediation costs. Those we can estimate a little bit better but overall, difficult for us to put a precise number on it. So we offered you, in the prepared comments and also in the footnotes that I think is Schedule 9 in the press release, is we believe the range will probably appear to be something on the order of $25 million to $35 million net of insurance. Now we have $28 million of remaining insurance capacity. So that would put you in the $50 million to $60 million kind of range gross, $25 million to $35 million net. And as we go through the year, we'll be truing those charges up and recording actuals and we'll certainly report those. And obviously, we expect a little bit of a far better feel for a more precise estimate as we report Q1. But that really -- those are the pieces. So it won't be in cash, regardless we've tried to keep it fairly clean cash year-over-year view, so you can assess the progress of the business on that side. The security remediation will be charged to GAAP but difficult to put a precise number and hence, our GAAP earnings expectation range does not yet accommodate whatever the remediation plus true ups will be as we go through particularly ahead with the first 2 quarters of 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: David, I wanted to ask on the 150 bps in margin decline for fiscal '13. Can you break that up or decompose that for us between FX. I think you say incremental tech and compliance costs. Anything you could do to break it up would be great.
David E. Mangum: Yes, be happy to, Tien-Tsin. So let me walk you through the pieces. As usual with Global Payments, the single biggest piece is the impact of the ISO channel in the United States. Now remember, that ISO impact is going to include the ongoing effect of the debit legislation changes, as well as the impact of FANF filling, which is yet -- and we're really just rolling out in now, so there may be a little risk to -- further margin issues there. But I think it's at the margin at best -- margin issue at the margins, sorry about that. Remember also related to the ISO CyberSource moves from an indirect relationship quite profitable in the face of the P&L to becoming an ISO as well. That's already implicit in some of what you saw in our Q3 and Q4 results. But that really is the biggest chunk right there. Now having said that, you have a number of other smaller things that take us the other direction as well. The continued spread declines in Canada, which we expect to be able to partially offset with some other actions we're taking in Canada, but still the spread declines are what they are. They're profit in what is a very profitable piece of our business overall. We've got investment costs in Asia which are really small, but are part of the pieces -- a part -- one of the pieces of this. We've got the tech investment that we referenced in our prepared comments on the overall infrastructure, currency as well particularly. Now as currency hits some of our higher-margin jurisdictions like United Kingdom and Spain, which has been growing in its margin nicely. And then remember we did -- and this is quite small, but we did bring in the Alfa, the Russian acquisition and the Malta acquisition at lower margins. So let me get back and summarize this a bit. Biggest single chunk is the ISO including the CyberSource change. And then also roughly the same size incrementally, Canada, the tech investment, currency with a little bit more from Asia and the acquisitions from last year to take you to your roughly 150 bps plus or minus.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. ISO the biggest and the rest is pretty much equal. So just my follow-up, the Canada component. I think the guidance seems very reasonable given what you've talked about. But is there a chance to revive growth there, maybe with new products like DCC or something else on the horizon? Or is it pretty much it is what it is?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I think there's absolutely an opportunity to do that. You'd note it in our release recently that we have rolled out DCC in Canada recently. One of our avenues of minimizing any headwind that Paul referred to in his comments, is new products, additional sales and to be honest, some of the expense actions that we referenced in the fourth quarter of 2012. And in that fourth quarter, there was a very small piece of fiscal 2012 that had the impact of those expense reductions, for example. And I also mentioned in the last call that we've actually rolled a fair amount of the operations into U.S., into the Owings Mills service center as well. Very little of that, just given the time of year, was encompassed in the fourth quarter of 2012 fiscal, and we'll have the full year effect of that in fiscal '13. So it's a variety of avenues of attack, Tien-Tsin, to make that modest headwind even less than might otherwise be. And very much as David alluded to in the fourth quarter of fiscal '12, we're very focused on growing North American EBIT dollars in the aggregate as David described. And I would say our focal point, therefore, is to turn that headwind into something that generates additional EBIT dollars in that market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roman Leal with Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So if we just look, I guess, on the share buyback. Can you give us some sense of how much flexibility you have to actually execute on that buyback? And I guess given your commentary that a lot of these pressures from currency will be heavily weighted towards the first half, would you be -- I mean I guess are you looking after potential use in that a little bit more in the first half versus second half?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, Roman, I can -- this is Paul. I can say this that we -- I think actions speak louder than words. We have announced several of these in the past, and it's been our practice to execute upon them in a fairly quick manner. Other than that, I think we would be -- it would be inappropriate to give you kind of exact data on that. But we put these out, we execute on them. David, maybe you can follow up on that?
David E. Mangum: No, I think you've summarized it.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as we -- I guess we think what's left to be -- to do here with the breach, you're obviously still actively trying to get back on the PCI list of providers. Can you walk us through the process or maybe are you kind of -- what kind of inning are you in there and what's really left to be done there?
Paul R. Garcia: So it's a couple of ball games, to use that metaphor. We finished one game. It's a doubleheader. So we finished the -- our investigation. And now we're at a point where we are working with all the card associations, and they are taking all this data and compiling it and trying to understand any other liabilities associated with it. And as David mentioned, this process they have in place is unbelievably thorough. And quite frankly, it really works. I mean, I could tell you from someone who's seen it from a vantage point I never want to see again. But this is -- they are very professional people who are focused on this, and they're doing a really terrific job. Now with that said and done, we are so focused on getting this rock back, I can't tell you. But we will clearly, with every expectation, we'll clearly get this back before the end of the calendar year. Hopefully, we'll get it back quicker than that. But our company working collaboratively with all the brands is just ticking off all the boxes relevant to make sure that happens. So in terms of innings on that, I would say that game is probably bottom of the second.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then finally on the M&A pipeline, you're obviously very focused on Asia-Pacific and you also made commentary on Europe. If you had to maybe pick where you're mostly focused on or you see the most attractive pipeline, would you say it's in kind of pursuing the Continental Europe deal or something in Asia-Pacific?
Paul R. Garcia: It's a little bit -- we call it the steak or lobster choice here. I mean they're both delicious, theyre both different. So the -- let's take Continental Europe. The issues in Europe -- we have a partner in Spain who is doing terrifically. They're making acquisitions. I think there'll be excellent opportunities to do some more there at very advantageous prices. There -- because of what's going on in Europe, there are opportunities in some big European countries for some brands you would recognize. And we would be foolish not to take a full advantage of that if we could. Now moving over to China and India, which I mentioned in particular, HSBC have been hamstrung, Roman, in the past from really operating. They're like limited to 40-something branches in India, for example. So we now have an opportunity to work with others, and we've had a lot of conversations that have only been notional. Now we can have real conversations about expanding our presence there and what we bring to that party and how we make that happen. If you force me, I would say those are probably the most momentous for the company. But the opportunities in Europe were actually nice too.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I would just add to that -- Roman, it's Jeff, that we go with where the opportunity is. So a lot of this is driven by where we see the supply of good quality companies. I think Paul is right to point out the tailwinds we see for our business, in M&A, in the markets you described, I would see -- I'd also say that we see a lot of activity in the United States today to somewhat lesser extent in Canada. And we actually are now seeing a fair amount of activity in Latin America, including in particular, in Brazil. Some of that in those markets is driven by capital, some is driven by some of the changes that you've seen in some of those markets, particularly in the Brazilian marketplace. So to a certain extent, it's a function of what availability is. That I would say in all the markets that Paul described, including in the U.S., we feel like we have a tailwind, and the trend is really going in the right direction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh with Macquarie Holding.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: I wondered if you could clarify, the incremental technology spending, if I heard it right, it's going to be about 2% of revenue in 2013. How much of that will be kind of recurring year-to-year versus one time in nature as we think about 2014 and up?
David E. Mangum: Right. So to clarify, Kevin, it negatively affects cash earnings growth by as much as 2 percentage points. So it's not 2% of revenue. It's -- and guides your earnings growth of -- on the order of 2 points. And what we're trying to do, we're trying to complete an investment cycle related to our core technology infrastructure. So networks, data centers, transaction processing engines that we started last year as you may recall. At the end of that pipeline, the end of that process, we have to have a better, mostly fixed-cost infrastructure that's more leverageable for the long term of the company. So as we head into '14 on this specific investment thread of sort of the core processing infrastructure, physical and logical, we don't think that's a headwind in 2014. We think 2014 is where you sort of normalize and begin to see some of the benefits of that fixed cost. The fixed cost really come in for the long term. And then as you well know, that's how we're thinking about our investments whether they're strategic, technical products, et cetera. So I think that's the way to think about that specific set of investments for the core infrastructure that are negatively affecting our earnings growth this year, as they did a little bit in 2012 as well, you may recall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess my first question for David. Just looking at the operating margins by segment, it looks like North America is probably going to be down maybe as much as 200 to 250 basis points. I guess after the fourth quarter was only down 100, I just want to see what else could be in there? What else is driving that? I know we talked about a lot of different moving pieces, but I'd be interested to know why the drop is so significant. And then the second piece to that is that the international margins doesn't look like the EBIT is growing like it used to, and what's causing that to kind of come to a halt?
David E. Mangum: Yes, sure. So with North America at the margin -- or on the margin, Bryan, the first change on a year-over-year basis since we are going say sort of relative to changes is the ISO growth that continues to negatively affect it, which is being enhanced now by the flip of CyberSource from an indirect net revenue, high-margin customer to an ISO lower margin, same customer now growing widely for us as we access that portfolio and continue to get referrals. But flipping up in terms of the accounting treatment married to the full year impact of the debit legislation from last year and the introduction of the FANF filling as we go through 2013. Then you have the FX impact on Canada and then also just the sheer sort of negative revenue performance is, of course, resulting in negative earnings performance from Canada overall. And then as you may recall, the majority of our technology spending is allocated to the North American segment, and that's a big number that's affecting that margin as well in the North American side. So that -- and by the way, your sort of back of the envelope guesstimate of that 200-plus basis points is right in the ballpark. So if you move now to international you're right, there's an implicit sort of slower earnings growth coming from international and it really has to do with a couple of features. One is as you might imagine, we're cautious on the macro particularly in Europe. We all read the same headlines, the same articles about Spain especially. And remember now, we have businesses in the U.K., Spain, Malta, Czech Republic. So we're more and more "near-term" year-over-year European exposure, and that'll hold things down a bit. And of course, FX materially impacts the growth rate in international. And you've several points of growth depending on your modeling assumptions. From an international segment perspective, we'd go away due to FX on a year-over-year basis.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And just let me ask one follow-up to Paul. Paul, you mentioned cash EPS growth of 4% to 6% is not what the GPN story is about. So I guess, help us feel a little bit better about the future GPN story as we get past fiscal year '13. What can change? Because a lot of these issues seem like they're structural and not quick fixes.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Bryan, I appreciate that opportunity, and David said a big piece of it. We're building a technology platform that's going to provide operating leverage. That's a big one. On the investments in Asia, which are a piece of that headwind theyre going to be -- and by the way, if we didn't make those investments in Asia, you should be disappointed in us. They're going to pay real dividends. The FX, I mean who knows which way that goes, which way those winds blow. I mean that is we kind of just deal with that. And quite frankly, the more we expand internationally, the more we'll be buffeted by those winds, but I think that's a good thing. And then Canada is the last piece of that. And I think Jeff gave a pretty articulate -- sorry, Jeff, a very articulate answer as to what the upsides are there. So we're being cautious as we look at this year. But that's not our expectation. We have smart people running this, and we have every expectation that we're just not going to sit back and accept that. So, Bryan, the long answer to that question is this company will return with answers for every one of those headwind. We have plans in place, and you will see us pivot nicely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Katri with Cowen and Company.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So Asia-Pacific was down sequentially. That's what I see here in my table. And then Europe had a significant moderation in revenue growth. Is it possible just to touch on that what happened in Asia-Pacific? And then I'm assuming as you said you have some currency headwinds in terms of comps in Europe, but had a drop from 28% growth in February to 11% growth in May. So are we starting to see some of the macro kind of headwinds impacting growth? And if so, maybe you can talk a bit more about where we're seeing that impacting the slowdown?
David E. Mangum: Sure. So in Asia, relative to Q4, it really wasn't very far off of our expectations. There is a little bit of mix moving between our DCC and our e-commerce products. But really, the way to think about, I think, Q4 is to look forward to what changes we had into 2013, which are the rollout of some new promotions and new products that did not occur in Q4, married to getting through the easier comps of some of those kinds things and return to double-digit growth. I take your point, sequentially it was down as we thought through the programs and the promotions. We did not launch any in Q4, we're really launching earlier this year. At least their effect would be earlier this year. So that number itself didn't really strike us as sort of shockingly -- a shocking number off of whatever we might have expected. Now when you're talking about overall international growth -- and again, I want to make sure I answer the question you asked. You're preparing...
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, I'm talking about Europe. Europe, I think in May was up 28% year-over-year and then -- sorry in February. And then in May, Europe was up 11.4% year-over-year. That's a pretty big drop. Some of it is currency, but some of it seems to be just related to a core slowdown in the business. Maybe you can talk about that?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, I'm not sure you see a slowdown in the business. What you really find are a couple of things going on across Europe. And I'm going to over answer your question to make sure we talk about all the moving parts. Recall particularly when you look at anything related to Europe on a year-over-year basis and pick a quarter, we closed the acquisition in Spain in December a year ago. And so you've got some quarters with that comparable, some without that comparable, which changes your metrics drastically. Then also recall the timing of the United Kingdom reprice, which was effective February over a year ago. So it fully annualizes as you head into our Q4 of this year, our May quarter where before it had been fueling off a lot of growth as you may recall. So I don't think youre seeing a fundamental slowdown in our businesses across Europe in terms of their performance or the quality of the operations or the quality of how we're running the businesses. Now you do, and you raised a fair point, you do have to deal with macro realities in places like Spain and in the U.K., et cetera. But fundamentally, the businesses continue to add merchants, to add volume and they continue to grow and operate well. FX then kicks in as well on top of being maybe cautious on macro. But please recall the really material comparable changes that come out of that reprice, as well as the timing in Spain.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So if there -- if Europe slows down even more next year, isn't there more margin risk to the entire operation just given the fact that Europe is highly profitable?
Paul R. Garcia: Well I would say this. As we look out at the macro, we're not expecting anything materially better or materially worse. Certainly things get materially worse in pick a geography. Everything we're discussing could change depending on the geography, the size and the magnitude of the impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies & Company.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to circle back for a second to make sure I'm parsing the different pieces of the IT investments and make sure I've got it straight. So clearly, there was pre-breach IT investment going on. And then there is presumably some incremental ongoing, breach-related IT security-related expenses in fiscal '13. I'm not talking about the additional $25 million or $28 million of kind of one-time discharge, but just ongoing investments presumably. So I just wanted to validate if that in fact is correct. And is that post-breach ongoing IT security costs, are those in the 150 basis point decline for fiscal '13 margins or are they not? It wasn't clear.
David E. Mangum: Right. So let me parse it, Jason. It's a great question. Thanks for asking. Let me parse it a little bit more. So I think you've correctly characterized the sort of core technology infrastructure spend. It's in the numbers, part of the ongoing -- expected to create leverage for the long-term. Then there is a security remediation piece of this that will carry through 2013. Again, I think the bulk of it is obviously early in the year because it includes remediation and work on the rock, as well as appropriate remediation to make sure we've got the appropriate level of ongoing -- of an ongoing security posture. That is generally speaking all in the number that I suggested, that $25 million to $35 million net. Some of that will return as run rate probably in 2014. Our view of that is that in 2013, a lot of investments. Some of it returns the run rate in 2014, but it returns in a manageable form to 2014. So modest handful of earnings per share, shall we say, in 2014 coming out of investment level. And that's really I think the way to think about that investment. But generally speaking, yes, there is ongoing security inside the ongoing business and cash earnings, but that investment in enhancing our posture marry to remediation because the 2, quite frankly, are inseparable as we go through the remediation process with our partners. That's all set aside from the cash earnings for 2013.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then just to go back to Canada. Obviously, you took the charge in the quarter, which you already told us about. The competitive conditions kind of are what they are. I just wanted to get a sense from you guys on where do you see Canada right now? Like have you kind of taken it as far as you can in terms of things you can control and now it's just kind of up to the macro environment and the competitive dynamics? Or are there Global Payments-specific initiatives that are still ongoing that you will continue to implement that will generate better performance for Canada, maybe not even in fiscal '13, but beyond? I just wanted to get a sense of are we going to be in kind of a perpetual sort of holding pattern in terms of top line in Canada just because of the market structure? Or are there some initiatives within your control that you're focused on implementing to fix this beyond the cost take out that obviously you just did? I know you talked about some client-retention tools over the last couple of quarters, for example.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Jason, it's Jeff. On Canada, I think the answer is there is a lot more we can do. So in addition to stuff I mentioned before that I think you just touched on, there are certain markets that were not really well represented in, in Canada. One would be the e-commerce or card-not-present business. So we talked about DCC which we had a release on, and we chatted about that a minute ago. But in certain markets like card-not-present e-commerce in Canada, we have a very small presence. We feel like we're underrepresented there. So we're very pleased in what we've done in the United States in that market in the last number of months. We are certainly taking intense look, Jason, at becoming bigger in that business, which will help both our growth and I think ultimately our margins. That's additional item to help the business. The other thing I'd say is that to a certain extent, the economy in Canada in our fourth fiscal quarter really was in the same place as it was in the third quarter, meaning, as we chatted about before, the third quarter we thought the economy in Canada was worse than it was in the first and second quarters. In the fourth quarter, it was really flat to the third quarter. So many of the trends that we saw in the third quarter that we reacted to are the same, they're not any worse. And we're assuming that will persist. So spread compression continues. But if -- as David mentioned before, if the economy kind of stays where it is, no better, no worse, coming out of the fourth quarter, we feel like we've taken all the right actions to make this a modest headwind or not even one as we enter fiscal '13. But I would be disappointed if we didn't do more by way of card-not-present, additional products like DCC and target sales in Canada to better position us into '14 and beyond.
Operator: We will take the last question from Chris Brendler with Stifel, Nicolaus. After which, Mr. Garcia will give his closing statement.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you just give us a little detail, perhaps on both the U.K. and Spain as to where those numbers track either on a revenue or even better on a transaction basis? During the quarter, how much of a slowdown did you see through the month of May and even June if you could? And then what kind of spending slowdown is embedded in your guidance? Because as you noted, there are some pretty concerning headlines over there and we have seen some other issuers report some significant several hundred, almost 700 [ph] basis points slowdown at American Express in their Spain portfolio. Can you just give us a little color? Just wanted to figure out how conservative your international guidance is.
David E. Mangum: Sure, Chris. This is David. So if you look at Q4 on a year-over-year basis, you see 11% growth. That obviously is enhanced by the reprice as well as a few other pieces. That's the starting point. And that is obviously fueled a little bit by the acquisitions in Russia and Malta. I think the core, which is really what you're asking about, the U.K. and Spain is we expect mid-single-digit growth from each of those markets. Now that's a combination of a couple of things. Our market position in the United Kingdom, and we continue to take market share in the United Kingdom. So in local currency, mid-single-digit growth based on really good execution in the United Kingdom. We're not expecting high-single digit in some other numbers you've seen before. In Spain, we're looking for mid-single-digit as well in local currency. Probably maybe a little less than I expect in the U.K. given macro. And really in Spain, that's demonstrating the value of the partnership we built with Acacia. Their brand, their solid financial standing, their access to market and their continued growth help us as we work together fuel growth in a market where by all rights, that should be pretty darn difficult to do. So the pieces there are mid-single-digit, which reflects a little bit of assumption that macro is tough in both of those markets, but still expects good execution from our teams there. And we have seen no evidence to suggest why they wouldn't execute as well as they did the year before. Now obviously when you translate that to U.S. dollars, you're going to come back the other way and shrink that. In fact particularly in Spain, you can imagine what a huge impact on a year-over-year basis from the euro, big changes we saw. If you think about where the euro was beginning of last year and where we kicked off this year, that mid-single-digit growth is going to look the other direction in Spain on a year-over-year basis sort of by definition as you work through your model. The same thing will happen in the U.K., but you'll see a bit of a reduction. So I would characterize our view Europe is prudent and cautious, but still expecting we'll continue to take market share the way we have in the past.
Paul R. Garcia: And Chris, this is Paul Garcia, and that's where the growth is coming from. We're not expecting any tailwinds from greater card usage, et cetera, just the opposite. I mean we're getting our growth because we're signing more merchants, typically at the expense of someone else.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess I'm just wondering if the overall macro spending is falling, even if you're getting share, you're going slower. How do your mid-single digits for both of those compare to what you put up this quarter? I would hope that they would be a little bit lower. And then also in the North America region, the U.S. revenue slowdown that you're projecting for 2013, is there any assumptions for Durbin and that debt benefit's starting to weigh in, in your guidance?
Paul R. Garcia: So thank you for clarifying. The answer is yes, the growth expectations are lower for those markets in 2013 than they were in 2012. And on the U.S. side, relative to the debit legislation, it's fully in the numbers. As you've no doubt heard in your market checks, you haven't seen a lot of deterioration or attrition of that. So for us, to be perfectly frank, it's just in the numbers and part of processing for our merchants these days. And we don't think about it separately, and probably won't be talking about it much separately unless it's a margin-based conversation as we sort of annualize things over the course of 2013.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I was going to squeeze in one more, since I'm the last guy here. The acquisition of the HSBC business in Asia-Pacific, the cash you spent there relative to the cash youre spending on the buyback, can you give us a little more color? Because if I just do the math of buying back $208 million of additional stock at these levels, it's a lot more accretive than $0.08, so just the strategic benefits and the analysis that you went through in weighing those 2 options, help me feel a little more optimistic and a little more bullish on using that excess cash for acquisition at this point.
Paul R. Garcia: Sure, I'd be happy to. And I'll tell you quite honestly, that was not a difficult calculus for us at all. The opportunity in Asia, the growth available in those markets, the growth available particularly in China or in India for the long term, the value of the expansion of our relationship with HSBC and the ongoing partnership with HSBC, stands with no problem financially next to the near-term use of cash on the buyback.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So fair to say in future years, hopefully a lot more accretive than $0.07.
Paul R. Garcia: Absolutely. Fair to say.
David E. Mangum: Let also be clear, that's also for a partial year.
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. Okay, well, first of all, thank you to everyone for joining us on today's call. As a reminder, you may have noted in the earnings release that we plan to have an Investor Day at the New York Stock Exchange on October 11. We plan to provide additional information over the coming weeks and of course, it will be available via webcast for those who can't attend. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-04-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jeffrey S. Sloan - President
Analysts: James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Good morning, and welcome to Global Payments' conference call to discuss the unauthorized access into a portion of our processing systems. We are now also going to discuss fiscal 2012 third quarter earnings, and this call replaces the conference call previously scheduled for April 4. We will pause after our prepared remarks on the security incident and take your questions, resuming with our prepared remarks on earnings about halfway through the call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. And joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent Form 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K this morning dated April 2, 2012, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website, www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thanks, Jane, and good morning, everyone. In regard to the security incident, I am very pleased to inform you that we are making significant progress in defining and rectifying the event. The company believes that fewer than 1.5 million card numbers may have been stolen and that the theft is confined to our North American processing system. Importantly, the investigation to date has revealed that the theft involved Track 2 card data only. We do not believe that Track 1 card data was taken or that cardholder names, addresses, social security numbers or consumer banking information was obtained by the criminals. In addition, based on the forensic analysis to date, network monitoring and additional security measures, we believe that this incident is contained. Visa has removed us from the PCI compliance list pending the results and resolution of our work. Upon reflection, this was not unexpected, and we are focused on the remediation measures necessary for full and timely PCI reinstatement. It goes without saying that we are providing uninterrupted service 24 hours per day to our customers around the world as we speak. I cannot stress more vehemently that this does not involve our merchants, our sales partners or their relationships with their customers. Neither merchant systems nor point-of-sale devices were involved in any way. It is also important to emphasize that consumers are completely protected if any exposure were to arise. The card-issuing institutions have well-established and highly effective procedures to protect their customers. Consumers, as always, are encouraged to be vigilant by reviewing their statements and reporting any suspicious activity to the card-issuing institution. To that end, we have established a consumer website for inquiries, which will be operational later this morning. The website is www.2012infosecurityupdate.com. Operator, we will now take questions regarding the security incident.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jim Kissane with Credit Suisse.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Paul, how quickly do you think you'll be back on Visa's approved processor list? And just a follow-up, I mean, you're calling it unauthorized access as opposed to a breach. What's the fine line between unauthorized access and a breach, if you can provide a little insight there?
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Jim. In terms of when will we get our ROC back, our record of compliance, so I will tell you that prior to the event -- to the -- we can say, breach, and prior to the breach -- I think they're synonymous is really the answer to your second question. Prior to the breach, we were -- we received a report of compliance, and then after the breach, we were removed. I think it's a little bit like a Joseph Heller novel, Catch-22. I mean, you are compliant prior. If something happens, by definition, youre no longer. And therefore, that's not totally unexpected. The important thing is we're open for business and processing transactions. Now how quickly can we get back? That is something we are absolutely focused on, and we're working around the clock, literally. And we're working collaboratively with all the associations to get that ROC back. And quite frankly, we have every expectation that will happen as expeditiously as possible. But this is somewhat nascent in that, remember, this was self-discovered, self-reported. No one came to us. No one said there's records of all kinds of incidents out there, with cardholders reporting incidents and banks having concern. None of that happened. We found this. We reported it. Within hours, we reported it. And this is -- the investigation is still continuing. So there's parts of this, Jim, that we still need to resolve and button up. Although it's absolutely contained -- to the best of our ability and opinion, it's absolutely contained. We know we have some work to do to get with the associations to get this ROC back. So long, windy answer to saying it's going to be as soon as possible. We're working very diligently, but I think it's going to take a little time, yes.
David E. Mangum: And Jim, this is David. Maybe a little bit more color in banding. We can't put a timeframe specifically on this. What we need to do is complete the investigation portion of this process, and then identify and perform any required remediations at that point, and we'll do just that. That's our plan.
James F. Kissane - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Are you aware of any fraudulent transactions on the accounts where the data's been stolen?
Paul R. Garcia: No. No, Jim, we are not.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I guess I just wanted to get some clarity on the timeline of sort of when you discovered this, and it sounded like, from your press release from Friday, it was early March, and there were some indications that the breach actually kind of happened late January. It'd be helpful just to get some clarity around the timing of events.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. So a couple things, Glenn. First of all, this is an ongoing federal investigation, right? We're -- theyre trying to get the bad guys here. So I can't be terribly specific, and I will tell you, there's a lot of rumor and innuendo out there, which is not helpful to anyone, and most of it, incredibly inaccurate. But I can tell you this. Approximately 3 weeks ago, we identified that cardholder data may have been taken. Literally, within hours of that discovery, we contacted federal law enforcement and the card associations. So we jumped on this instantly. Now in terms of other timelines, I just cannot be specific, truly, about that.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of the types of cards, was it a Visa, MasterCard, or was it beyond that, other branded cards as well?
Paul R. Garcia: I think it's the major brands and pretty much in proportion to how they're used by the consumer.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a little bit more insight as to how much time you think it'll take to actually rectify the issue?
Paul R. Garcia: David, I wish I could. And we clearly realize that's something we need to do as quickly as possible, and you can be assured that we are working very collaboratively with the associations. And quite frankly, they have every desire to have us button this up as quickly as possible, too. So they're pulling on the same end of the rope as we are. So they have to make certain that every single thing that we say is fixed is fixed. They have to tick and tie that. That's not days. It's longer than that, regrettably. We don't think it's months, but we have work to do here. And Ill promise you this. We will keep you guys informed in this.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great. And just as a quick follow-up, youve said that none of GPN's merchants and none of those merchants' customers were affected. Does that suggest that the breach occurred through an ISO? Or I mean, if it's not your merchants or customers, I mean, where did the breach actually occur?
Paul R. Garcia: David, I'm so glad you gave me a chance to answer that because I want to really hit this hard. This was not a merchant breach. This was not an ISO breach. It's literally nothing to do with those guys, literally nothing to do with them. This is something that happened in a subset of our North American processing system. A handful of servers in reflection -- a handful of servers as compared to significant numbers that we have, and after combing each of these -- we had security measures in place that caught it, and now we're going back with a fine-tooth comb with a number, number, I mean, multiple forensics experts, leaders in the field, to go through every single aspect, every single server, every single piece of data to make certain that we didn't miss anything. And that's what I'm talking about. It's evolving. But it was at our systems. It's nothing to do with the merchants, their relationship with their customers, our sales partners, financial institutions who do business with us, nothing to do with them. Nothing. Period; end of story. No more so than if they take U.S. currency, and there's a -- the currency devalues. Or they accept a card brand, and they have a systemic issue. It's nothing to do with them.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Does this suggest you'll have to step up R&D or system spending as a result?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, if the answer is, are we going to spend even more amount of money, quite frankly, on security, the answer is yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Real quickly on the -- I guess I'm thinking more about the competitive response to this. So presumably, in the ISO channel world and in any other part of the world where you guys are actively competing, there's going to be a playbook out there that says you guys were breached. How do you keep your ISOs, especially the larger ones, from balking at this point? What guarantees do you guys have in contract terms that this isn't some type of a material adverse clause where they could actually start considering looking at other merchant processor relationship at this point?
Paul R. Garcia: Julio, let me answer that, and I think Jeff wants -- Jeff Sloan wants to mention something, as well. So firstly, I would say I'm incredibly heartened by the competitors who -- I'm talking about people that you recognize that compete with us, who have given me every assurance that they will make certain that they don't do anything that would inappropriately take advantage of this situation. And quite frankly, I will tell you we all did the same when other occurrences have happened, with other processors. I made those same assurances to those guys. We're all in this together. We're all in this together, all of us, the card issuers, the banks, the merchants, the acquirers, we're all in this together. And no one wants to try to capitalize that. I mean, there might be rogues, but let me tell you, they are the outliers, and they are wrong. Secondly, we've gotten similar responses from our customers. And they said, look, we know we're going to get through this. We have a long relationship with your company. We feel very good about everything you're doing. And we'd like some more product now and again. I mean, that's the kind of the business-as-usual kind of comment you get, which, quite frankly, are very heartening as well. Now it doesn't say that I can guarantee you there'll be no fallout here, but -- because this is a significant thing, we're working through. But so far, I will tell you we're very, very encouraged by the response. Jeffrey?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I would just add onto what Paul said, Julio, by saying what he said a minute ago, which is theres absolute nothing at our partner level, nothing at the ISO level, with our bank referral partners, with bars or any other similar distribution partner that was impacted here. So what that really means at the end of the day is there's no need to replace, for example, point-of-sale equipment or any way we operate with our partners. So in my experience, Julio, the thing that you tend to be most concerned about in terms of disruption to our or our partners' businesses is disturbances at the point-of-sale, disturbances from an operating point-of-view. And while what happened is what it is, as Paul described, at the end of the day, the endpoint relationships between our partners and their merchants and the merchants and their customers was not impacted by what Paul has described. And I think that's probably the best way to think about how our partners have thought about it to date. That's how I view it, but that's also been my experience in having conversations with them through the weekend.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just any incremental expense associated with this presumably are going to be in fiscal '13 since we only have one more quarter to go here in fiscal '12.
David E. Mangum: So Julio, this is David. When we can size it, we're in the early stages of investigation, we'll be back with what we have. We have to be able to size it, reasonably estimate it, any losses and expenses. Anything we're doing right now relative to the investigation, we're expensing as a period cost in Q4. We don't have an event to take a charge in Q3, so we'll be back to you on that. And then I think if we refer back to David Togut's question, any investment you'd see will take itself into FY '13. I think that's part of the point of your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess my first question, have you guys experienced anything like this, or I'm sure on a smaller scale, in the company's history?
Paul R. Garcia: The answer is no. We have not. I mean, that's some of the misinformation, quite frankly. I mean, we -- there was a rumor out there that we were aware of a data intrusion a year ago. The answer is no. That's not -- this is the first incident and we hope this is the last. I think one of the answers, Bryan, is that this is an ongoing process. We get better and stronger every day. And I think that one of the reasons we're getting assurances from our customers is they know that we will be even better at the end of this process and that they will be with someone who is very strong and very tested. So that's why it's going to take a while to get the ROC because we have to demonstrate all of that. So no, there was no other incident. If there were, quite frankly, we would have reported it.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I assume the criminals probably tried to attack multiple networks, and somehow, they got through on GPN. Is there any -- do you know exactly what it was that was the weakness on your guys side?
Paul R. Garcia: So I will tell you this that this speaks to the ongoing nature of the investigation. I dont think you can assume anything you just said, in the first part. I think that there's attacks that happen every day against lots of people, and I think we are -- we have contained it, so you can be sure that we have all the necessary measures to protect ourselves, and that starts with where you think the intrusion happened. But I can't really be more specific, and I certainly can't speak to anything that is happening to anyone else as we speak.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last one for David. I assume a lot of these costs, we will have a separate, broken out number kind of -- there'll probably be some onetime charges, I assume, from this and maybe some ongoing expense as well. I think that's what people are trying to get at, just your thoughts there.
David E. Mangum: Yes. I think that's right, Bryan. We will call these out and make sure they're clear to you. Again, just to sort of repeat what I said in answer to Julio's question, we can't, right now, reasonably estimate what the charges/losses might be related to the incident. When we get to the point where we can reasonably estimate, we'll obviously record and accrue and disclose. So you're on exactly the right track. When we get to that point, we'll be back to you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to clarify the situation with Visa a little bit further. I know your press release yesterday said that you are still actively processing for all the brands, but you obviously are trying to get the ROC back there. So what exactly is the situation? I mean are you still able to process for Visa, or do you have to wait to actually get the ROC back here?
Paul R. Garcia: So Jason, there's 2 questions there. Number one is are we processing transactions for Visa? The answer is absolutely, positively yes. Of course, we are. We have millions of merchants around the world who are processing Visa transactions as we speak. We'll continue to process Visa transactions as we speak. In terms of getting the ROC back, we are going to do that as expeditiously as humanly possible. And I think our merchants and our customers understand that this will make us even stronger. And if people were to leave and go to another processor, and God forbid something happened there, would they go to another processor? I mean, PCI gets better and better and better. This will make us all better. This will help PCI be better. This will help us be better. This will make everybody more secure. We're all in this together. And Visa, MasterCard and the other brands absolutely understand that, and we are working with them, and they're working with us, and we're all trying to get ahead. What we shouldn't forget is these are thieves. These are bad guys. These are people who are working day and night to try to hurt all of us; and all of us, together, have to do our best to thwart them, and that's what we're focused on.
David E. Mangum: So Jason, David, I'll add a little more color to that, too. We're all of a little over 3 weeks into this process. We have to complete the investigation portion of it, identify any things that require remediation and perform that remediation. We do expect to do just what Paul said, do that as expeditiously as possible, but we have to complete our work.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So in the meantime, what are the implications while you wait to get the ROC back? I mean...
Paul R. Garcia: Jason, I think that's an excellent question. So I think it's unclear. I would tell you this. It does not, and nor would anyone suggest that this would stop us from processing transactions. I think what was mentioned earlier is true. It could give our partners some pause that they're doing business with somebody who experienced a breach. Regardless of whether or not there's a ROC involved, someone experienced a breach. And that's why we are working very, very, very hard on fixing all of that.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Jason, it's Jeff. I would just add that, as you know, in our business, we have long-term relationships with customers. As David rightly said, as we continue our work, whatever needs to be remediated and done to Visa and the other networks' satisfactions ultimately will be done, but these are long-term relationships with a lot of technical infrastructure around it. I think people understand what that means in terms of day-to-day operations. And for now, clearly, through Friday and starting today, around the world, it's business as usual.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, very helpful. And then just to come back to sort of the investigation and the remediation, which I understand you can't be precise in terms of how long this will take, it sounded like it's not days, it's not months. So people are going to say, okay, maybe it's weeks, and you can debate how many weeks. But is it -- it will be resolution of that remediation over the next x number of weeks, for argument's sake; that will then allow you guys to reasonably estimate the charges and costs associated here? I mean, that's how we should be thinking about the sequence of events.
Paul R. Garcia: So Jason, let me say this. Firstly, I think you said it extremely well. We understand there are 2 things hanging over us, right, getting this ROC back and identifying the exact onetime charge associated with this. Now we are doing our very best to see both of those happen as quickly as possible. And I think there's still -- it's still developing. It's still going on and there's still cost. David needs time to get his hands around all of that. But we will -- we're trying to do that as quickly as possible. If you push me, I would say maybe the ROC comes before the charge comes, probably in that order, but hopefully, it's as soon as possible.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Fodor with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Your confidence level that the 1.5 million account figure represents the upper end of the range. I know this is a moving target and it's variable, but its a big difference from 10 and refreshing, but how can we just kind of range-bound the -- how much this could move here?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. That's a great point. So you can be sure that we worked very hard on that and we looked at every piece of data we could possibly look at and then allowed ourselves some expansion. I mean, we're trying to do this in a way that puts our hands around it. We don't have complete clarity of information. So you have to come up with a number that we all believe is reasonable. We all believe this number to be a reasonable limit. Now we obviously understand if this were to go beyond that, we'd have to deal with that, and of course, we would, but that's not our expectation. And it's because of a lot of work and effort that we came up with that, so we have a high degree of confidence in that number. And if that were to change materially, of course, we would be out to you guys with that information.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You guys have a lot going on internally as far as platform consolidation and data center reshuffling. Could this event impact any aspects of your strategy there?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. I'd say the answer is no. This is what we're trying to do. We have almost 4,000 people at our company. We have probably 100 who are focused on this. And the rest of the people are running their businesses and signing up customers and operating their data facilities, et cetera. Now itd be disingenuous to say that this didnt -- wasn't distracting and that everyone in this room has clearly been working around the clock on this item and, quite frankly, will continue to. And that's going to be a little distracting, and you can only do so much in one day. So it does mean that some hours we could've spent on product innovation, et cetera, we push that off. But we're going to get back focused on that as soon as we can, and the rest of the company's already focused on it. So business as usual sounds a little trite, but we're trying to make that just exactly what that is: business as usual.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just last question, you said you made changes and there's still more changes to be made. I mean is that something where the networks will come in and help advise you on what needs to be done, so you can fall back into compliance? How -- yes, that's basically my question. How much has been done already? I mean, was it just to plug the leak, and is it a whole lot more work to have the ongoing patch, if you will?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, that's another excellent question. So Glenn, let me just say a couple things, which is not typical in these scenarios. Remember, we self-reported this. We self  we determined it ourselves; no one came to us. And I think there is a kind of a, that's great; you guys did that and that's the way these things should work. Now how did they get in, in the first place? That's not a good thing. So we absolutely recognize that and assume full responsibility for it. Just detecting it early is a good thing but it doesn't necessarily -- it doesn't forgive us from trying to stop it altogether. So we are focused on that aspect of it. The associations are working collaboratively with. They've been terrific to date. And they have forensic experts that are working collaboratively with us to get this done, and we will work arm in arm with them until it's resolved.
Operator: At this time, I will now turn the call over to Paul Garcia for earnings commentary.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, operator, and let me say, too, when we go to questions on the earnings, obviously, we'll continue to entertain questions on the data breach. So if you feel you want to ask some more of those, absolutely. We just wanted to get this out here, too, because as we said, we're running our business, and we're pleased with our results, and we want to share them with you and give you an opportunity to ask some questions about that, as well. Okay. So now for Q3. We did have a strong revenue and cash earnings per share performance in the Q, both resulting in 17% growth over prior Q3 to $534 million in revenue and $0.83 of cash EPS. Our revenue this quarter also included a partial benefit from the 3 acquisitions we announced last quarter. These collectively added about 1 percentage point to total company revenue growth, and these acquisitions are all on target financially for the quarter. Let me just remind you what those 3 were. They included the merchant business with more than 6,000 merchants from Alfa-Bank, increasing our footprint in Russia. It was HSBC's merchant acquiring business in Malta consisting of about 4,000 merchants and a portfolio of approximately 9,000 U.S. eCommerce merchants from CyberSource. For the third quarter, North America delivered revenue growth of 15%, driven largely by our U.S. ISO channel, with continued solid performance from our gaming and direct businesses. Although Canadian transactions grew 6% on a transaction basis, Canada did not meet our internal expectations and posted a revenue decline of about 5% in local currency, and it's primarily due to spread compression.  Our international segment produced another very strong quarter, with revenue growth of 23% fueled pretty much by all regions across Europe. Asia's revenue grew at a somewhat slower rate at 8%, in part due to an intentional exit from a major airline processing relationship. We exited that relationship. I'm pleased to announce, very pleased to announce -- and a lot of people have been waiting for this. I'm very pleased to announce that we have received formal approval to process China UnionPay renminbi transactions in much of Guangdong province and consistent with the manner in which China UnionPay defines its geographic regions. So it's not all of Guangdong, but it's like cities like Guangzhou. This is a region with 80 million people, so this is probably covering 60 million of them. We continue to focus on expanding our renminbi merchant-acquiring capabilities to all of PRC, and we're making progress. For the current fiscal year, we anticipate Asia's revenue growth to be about 10%. I'll now turn it over to David. David?
David E. Mangum: Thank you, Paul. North America merchant services revenue growth of 15% was fueled by U.S. transaction growth of 13% and also the positive effect of the debit legislation changes. North America revenue growth was negatively affected by Canadian performance and unfavorable Canadian foreign currency exchange rates. And as a result, North America cash operating income or EBIT dollars were down 1% for the third quarter over prior year. For fiscal 2012, our expectation for the U.S. remains unchanged at mid-teens revenue growth. We now expect Canada revenue to be about flat to as much as 1% up over last year in local currency. Our international segment delivered strong results. International cash operating margin increased to 37.2% compared to 35% in the prior year. We continue to expect full year revenue growth for fiscal 2012 in U.S. dollars to be about 30%. For the quarter, we generated free cash flow of $56 million. This includes about $17 million in first-time cash distributions to our bank partners in Spain and Asia. Excluding these distributions, free cash flow would have been $73 million for the quarter. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests.  During the quarter, we spent $36 million on capital expenditures, a substantial portion of that on data center and network infrastructure initiatives. Our third quarter tax rate, based on the face of the income statement, was about as expected at about 28% on both a cash and GAAP basis. We continue to expect our full year tax rates to be about 29%. During the quarter, on a year-over-year basis, currency changes had a slightly unfavorable effect on each of GAAP and cash revenue and earnings by about $5 million and $0.02 per share. We continue to believe the aggregate effect of currency will likely be about neutral to slightly positive to our earnings per share for fiscal 2012 compared to 2011 due to the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar to date and our outlook for the rest of the year. Fluctuations in exchange rates, in particular, rapid further strengthening of the U.S. dollar, could cause variances to our outlook. In closing, we continue to expect seasonal improvement across our global markets along with some incremental new business in our U.S. card, gaming and Greater Giving channels to drive sequential benefits in our fourth quarter. And now I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. And based on our current outlook and assumptions, we continue to expect our annual fiscal 2012 revenue to be in a range of $2.15 billion to $2.2 billion, reflecting 16% to 18% growth, and our cash earnings per share to be in a range of $3.50 to $3.58, reflecting 14% to 16% growth over fiscal 2011. We now expect a GAAP diluted earnings per share range of $3.10 to $3.18, representing 19% to 22% growth over the prior year and reflecting planned cost savings initiatives in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of the debit legislation and our recent acquisitions, we plan to expand cash operating margins in our core business by as much as 50 basis points for the total company for fiscal 2012. Operator, we'll now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Koning with Robert W. Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First of all, just in North America, you mentioned EBIT was down just a bit year-over-year. I'm wondering if you can give us kind of the size of Durbin, so we can kind of get a thought of what maybe core EBIT was down and then kind of how you see that playing out. We've had a few -- like 3 or 4 good quarters of growth, and now it's kind of turned the other way. Maybe you can just give us a little commentary on that.
David E. Mangum: Yes, David. This is David. Relative to the debit legislation, when we were together last quarter, we talked about it adding on the order of $40 million of revenue and certain earnings, and we incorporated that in the guidance. So I think what we can do for now is give you a little more color on that. We're not going to parse Durbin any further in terms of actual performance, and I'll come back to that again in a moment for a couple of interesting reasons. But I will tell you Durbin is roughly on track, probably a little ahead on the revenue side. But what's become very interesting is -- we mentioned to you a couple times on the way to the actual implementation of Durbin, and then even in that first quarter, that we thought it would be transitory, and we're indeed seeing evidence of that in the market as we speak. Evidencing that, we've seen behaviors even from some of our partners that suggest that Durbin had its own influence in some ways that maybe even we didn't anticipate. For example, fees we've seen ISOs charge annually for certain months of the year that occurred in this quarter were not repeated. And our suspicion, of course, is that's in light of any debit legislation benefits, and it really shows the market is still, being -- our partners still being quite circumspect and making sure that all the proper economics are being returned to the proper places as part of this. So it's very difficult to even think about parsing the legislation at this point. So I think we'll stick with -- we incorporated it in the guidance last quarter. It's a little ahead in and of itself on the revenue line. But when you start looking at the overall market, I'm not certain we can even say that with absolute definity.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the EBIT side, I mean, do you expect declines to continue? And then quickly on just the breach, does that affect your ability to make acquisitions or buy back stock?
Paul R. Garcia: Right. So in order, I think that we expect EBIT growth in North America in Q4. We expect to see -- our Q4 expectations obviously imply fairly typical seasonality, frankly, around the world in the markets where we're used to seeing that. That would include U.S. and Canada. So all in, we expect nice growth in Q4 in North America, obviously nice growth abroad in order to achieve the levels we're talking about when you look at doing the math of the guidance for the fourth quarter. Relative to capital planning, our priorities remain the same. While we work our way through the investigation -- and just to go back to the earlier questions, we've got to work our way through the investigation, work our way back through any of the remediation required on the ROC since that's been a question several times. That will take whatever time it takes. We can't define that right now, but we'll keep you posted as we go through the process. So as we work our way through that, I think you may see us be a little more circumspect about the deployment of capital and think about our resources. That does not mean we're not open for business, not continuing the same path and same priorities, but perhaps a little more circumspect about substantial outlays at any given time, and we'll be back to you on that as things evolve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess just on Durbin, just parsing through your answer to David's question, does that imply that the margins were a little bit worse than you expected? I know it was running well ahead of what we had modeled. But I'm curious if it's just in the 20 basis-point impact range, understanding that it's tough to parse through the details.
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. I think if you try to isolate it, Tien-Tsin, you'd say, hey, if revenue is over-performing and it's coming from the ISO channel, by definition, the headwind's a little north of what one might've modeled.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right, right. But still in that range, or are we talking about a significant difference in...
Paul R. Garcia: No, we're still in that range, and that's why, quite frankly, we're not going back and re-parsing. What we said to you was the core business would expand its margins on the order of 50 basis points, excluding the 3 acquisitions as well as the legislation. We're still on track for that, and we're still on track for the resulting net opportunity for expansion as well and plus or minus a few basis points. No reason to parse that for you.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, good. The Canada piece, the spread compression, a little bit worse than what we expected. So what's driving that? Is it just a competitive change going on there, or is it, perhaps, tied to some of the regulation that's happening there? Just curious.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Hey, Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I'll take a stab at Canada, and of course, David can add as well. I would say that on the spread compression continues. I think it is a very competitive market. We're actually relatively sanguine with our volume growth in Canada as we believe that we're growing north of Canadian GDP, well north of it, as well as north of the organic rate of growth in the Visa and MasterCard volume and transaction counts in Canada. We have seen, though, the spreads outweigh that, which is the genesis of Paul and David's commentary. I believe that's a function of 2 things, Tien-Tsin. First, competition continues in Canada, so I think it's a very competitive marketplace. Second, at the margin, the Canadian economy did not get as high as the U.S. economy did in '07 and '08. It didn't get as low as the U.S. economy did in '08 and '09, but it hasn't recovered to the same extent that the U.S. economic data has indicated that the United States has. So if you think about, Tien-Tsin, the richness of spread, a lot of that is in the small to midsize business segment around the world, but including in Canada. That part has been impacted both by competition as well as by the factors around the Canadian economy that we're seeing. So we're pleased at volume growth, but the spread compression, it more than offsets what we're seeing in terms of market share movements.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That makes sense. Just one more, if you don't mind, just on the breach, then I'll jump off. Just the 1.5 million cards, obviously, pretty small versus what we saw at TJ Maxx and Heartland. I'm curious if -- is it fair to size the impact and we look at those as case studies to help try and frame the impact? I don't know if it's a linear relationship or not, but it seems like it's got to be pretty small in relation to the other financial impacts that we saw those 2 cases. Is that fair?
Paul R. Garcia: Tien-Tsin, I have to tell you that we really can't tell you that is fair at this point. I think we have to continue to size the investments and all the things you have to do to remediate it. We don't think we'll be coming back to you saying it's more than 1.5 million cards. But I don't think you could take $1 cost on someone else and put it towards this. If anything, it could be much higher than that because of the smaller number, but still the cost associated. But I can say this. This is manageable. We will get through this. I will tell you that, absolutely, positively. Now it might be bigger than we'd like, but we're going to get through this. This is a onetime charge. We're going to better for it. We'll get through this, and the sooner we can tell you, the better. And that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank. The question has been withdrawn.   Your next question comes from Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just back to Canada, is there anything you can do, or are you changing your strategy any? It just still seems like this was kind of a pretty quick change in the spread compression.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Hey, Greg, it's Jeff. I'll answer that, and David and Paul, of course, can comment as well. The first thing I'd say is we continue to rightsize the business in Canada. So we are taking expense actions to deal with the continued spread compression that we described a few minutes ago. Number two, because the source of good spreads for us in any market, including Canada, is a small to midsized business segment, we have put in place analytical programs to help us minimize attrition generally, but to minimize attrition, in particular, in the higher spread businesses and really look at the lifetime value of customers in that market and around the world. So I would say on the analytical side, those actions have been taken and should start to take effect this coming quarter. We're also looking at selective addition of sales personnel in those markets where we have a sustainable spread and defensible technology advantage, and we'll make selective additional capital investments where appropriate. So I think our strategy hasn't changed in Canada. As I mentioned in Tien-Tsin's question, we're actually pleased with our volume performance relative to the market and our peers, but we just have to deal with the everyday reality of continued competition for spreads, as well as the economic environment in the marketplace in which we operate.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And David, do you have the impact from currency on the revenues handy in Canada?
David E. Mangum: In Canada, specifically?
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes.
David E. Mangum: Im sorry, I don't know if we go country by country, but certainly, the Canadian dollar hasn't moved that much, so you can certainly work your way back to it. Hang on one second, and I'll see if I can give you some help there. I'll tell you what, I'll just get back to you, Greg, on that, but we're not going to parse it by country, as you know. It was a negative impact but, at the end of the day, not enormous. This really is about the reasons Jeff's describing.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then another question just on the data breach. So the issue with Visa and not being PCI-compliant, you can process transactions, but are you precluded from signing new merchants up? I mean, what does it really mean?
Paul R. Garcia: Greg, this is Paul. So the answer is we're not precluded from signing up new merchants. We're literally signing them right now. I mean, it's -- we already had our day in Asia, and I can promise you, they signed a lot of merchants. So it is -- that is not part of this. I think, Greg, this is -- as I said, this Catch-22 reference, I think, is a fair one. I mean, the associations -- you had a breach, it's difficult to say you're compliant. So I think we have to remedy that. But I wouldn't want to imply this is without teeth. This is not a good thing, not to have your ROC, and we're very focused on getting that reinstated. We take that very seriously. But it doesn't mean we can't process. It doesn't mean we can't sign merchants to be very, very, very clear.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: But at some point, if you're not compliant, what's the ramification? I mean, don't you think...
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. No, I'd say if you ask me to speculate that, a year from now, we have major issues, I think the associations have to protect themselves, but no one, clearly, is anticipating any of those.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. I think that's pretty clear. And then just one last one, it's maybe not the time to talk about this, but just broadly throughout Europe, given some of the dislocation with banks there, have other opportunities popped up as far as potential acquisitions? I mean, anything we may see on that front?
Paul R. Garcia: The answer is yes. So I thought David answered that acquisition question superbly, but I will say that we do have a pipeline. We are focused on it. We know we want to take a deep breath here and get through all of this right now, but we absolutely have some great opportunities, including some internationally and just exactly what you said. So stay tuned. We're hopeful.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller with Barclays.  Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on Asia. I think the revenue guidance there also was a little bit tempered. Could you just talk about what specifically drove that?
David E. Mangum: Yes, Sanjay, it's David. So for the quarter, we posted 8%, which is a little softer than what we might have expected. I think we pointed out in Paul's prepared comments that we did intentionally exit a major merchant relationship in Asia. That was a regional airline for whom we were processing with full indemnity from a bank partner. The indemnity expired, and we were unwilling to proceed without a reserve. So that took the edge off some of the growth, and it will again in Q4 if you marry that to a couple other thoughts. So we're looking at about 10% growth overall. Remember, we've had, on full year basis, the grow-over challenges, particularly last quarter, with the major merchant product launch, the nameless merchant from a year or so ago. So if you marry those together, you kind of get to this sort of 10% level. I guess I'd remind everyone on the call that a couple of points of growth in Asia for this quarter, 8 versus a 10. It's all $700,000 of revenue inside this company. So all in, plus or minus, we're about where we thought we were in Asia. It's probably a little minus. Your point is fair, and your question's absolutely fair. As we head into Q4, we're expecting a bit of an uptick in our DCC volumes and indeed our volumes overall. We may do a couple of targeted re-pricings as well. So we think we have Asia on track. We really weren't surprised but your questions fair. It's a little light of what we might hoped for, for Q3 and what we expected for Q3.
Paul R. Garcia: Sanjay, let me add some color. This is Paul Garcia. The reality of Asia isn't that we generate a couple million more in revenue per quarter one way or the other. The reality of Asia, I mean, if it goes from 10 to 11 to 12 to 15, I'm going to be very disappointed. Asia is all about getting the real opportunity mined in China, and this announcement about Guangdong and Guangzhou is huge for us. And it's going to take a while to materialize, but it is a very important flag planting. Ditto with India. That's the other big market. We're focused on expanding our presence there. And so that is the real excitement and juice about Asia, and we are continuing to focus on delivering on that. And Im hopeful in a couple years, that's what we'll be saying. We just have continued expansion in all these geographies.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I completely understand. And then just one follow-up on the breach. I hate to beat the dead horse, but I just want to make sure I understand this not being a Visa-compliant issue. I mean, is there any liability, kind of impact from a liability increase or anything like that, a financial impact related to that? And then also, have you gotten any clarity from how MasterCard expects -- from MasterCard on how they expect to respond?
David E. Mangum: Sanjay, it's David. I think we'll wrap up liability into, hopefully, one conversation in the future when we've completed the investigation and we know how all these pieces come together. We obviously don't know that right now, hence, we can't quantify, can't reasonably estimate. Hence, I guess just to be really painfully clear, this is not in our expectations for the year on a GAAP basis. We'll be back to you on that when the time is right. We're going to have to roll all that up into one conversation at that time.
Paul R. Garcia: I would say clearly not being PCI-compliant has financial liabilities, and that's part of the number that we'll quantify eventually, and the sooner the better. Okay. Sanjay, sorry.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And then MasterCard, any comments? Because I didnt catch that.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. On the MasterCard, the answer is what's MasterCard's expected -- and there's other card brands here involved, too. I would say that it wouldn't be unexpected to have MasterCard take similar action. We're working hand in glove with them, you can be sure. And their primary interest is to be very thoughtful and very thorough, and they are doing that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just got a few on the breach and one on the quarter. Can you confirm that the BINs have been shut off for the 1.5 million cards, meaning the -- what I'll say deactivated?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, no. We can't. I think, Dan, I wouldn't even know how to answer that. I think that the card issuers deal with this in all manners of way, right? They look for any fraudulent activity. And it's very important to understand that, that doesn't necessarily translate -- I mean, having someone's number doesn't translate to that being a fraudulent transaction. It means they had access to it. It doesn't mean it results in fraud activity or cards being issued or any of that, and we don't know that; that's developing. Of course, we're responsible for that, and we will absolutely stand tall and pay that. But how the banks handle that really -- not banks necessarily. How the card-issuing institutions handle that is really up to them. But I will tell you, they have time-proven, really thorough ways of doing it. Consumers, regrettably have cards replaced all the time, and its just kind of matter of course, in this industry. I mean, it's a dangerous world out there. But they do a superb job of doing this for the consumer, protecting their consumer completely, and we're going to play our role to make sure all of that works seamlessly.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Right. And just to be clear, you're on the hook for the replacement cost.
Paul R. Garcia: Absolutely, as we should be. Absolutely. We're absolutely are on the hook for that as we should be, and we stand tall to do that at any point. That's our obligation.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The act of processing a transaction as a non-PCI-compliant acquire typically means Visa and MasterCard are levying fines on you. Is that happening, currently?
David E. Mangum: Dan, we're going to talk about liability all in one conversation when we can reasonably estimate it and size it. We'll be back to you when we have that.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you remind us what the size of your insurance policy around all this stuff is?
David E. Mangum: Dan, we have insurance in place for events like this, but we have to know exactly what the pieces and the parts are and calculate it against the actual policies and work with our providers and our partners. So when we have numbers, we will be back to you.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. And then in Canada, the transactions were strong, revenues down. We're hearing that the ISO market in that region is heating up pretty significantly and the trend would suggest that. You guys have any thoughts around that?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Dan, it's Jeff. I'll take that. So we're pleased to have a number of our ISOs with us as partners in the Canadian market, and we're adding more as we speak. So we think that's a good thing. We've been operating with a number of our partners up there for some time, so I don't think that's new. If you go back to what David and I talked about a few minutes ago about what's going on in that marketplace, that is not driving the trends that we're seeing. Instead, it's just a very competitive market generally, augmented somewhat by a differential economic environment in terms of recovery relative to what you see in the United States. But if you go back to what I've mentioned, our volume growth, our transaction growth is good in that market. And if we can get more quality ISO partners up there, that is absolutely part of our plan.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But you think that with transaction growth, you can have incremental margins in that business, or are we going to have a similar problem to what we see in the U.S.?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, I think it's, order of magnitude, different today in terms of the contribution of the ISOs in the Canadian marketplace versus what it is in the United States. We have a very large national business, for example, that we purchased a long time ago in Canada. So it's a little bit apples and oranges. But I would tell you the way we think about it, Dan, as a tactical matter within the company is we welcome our partners to come up to Canada. So I'm not concerned about that issue in the near term, nor do I think that's impacting the spreads that we described some time ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the breach front, I know it's still early, but is there any way you could characterize in terms of where the breach occurred in your systems, where that particular system was from a technology upgrade standpoint? I mean, I know you have the G2 platform. You invested a lot. Was this within G2, or is it outside G2? Was it a legacy system that was breached? Can you give us any color on that front?
Paul R. Garcia: So Chris, so let me clarify a couple things. Number one, remember, this was self-detected so the loss prevention software we had in place to determine these types of intrusions actually worked, but it didn't work perfectly enough to stop them. So partly, it worked; partly, it didn't. And we are focusing on where that happened and remediating it. You can be sure of that. We're not going to share any specific details on exactly other than it's confined in North America. It's a number of servers based, and there's a massive number that were not implicated. And that's all we can say on that. And partly, Chris, honestly, this is an ongoing federal investigation, and we got to let them do their work.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Sorry, I understand that. So I guess on a related question, the North American operating margin is down this quarter. And with the security issues confined in North America, I was wondering if you had any sense of  are we looking at a little lower margin in North America for the near term as you address security issues as well as what's going in the marketplace? And if you could just give us a little more color as to security issues on North American margins. And also, I didn't catch if you had a U.S. transaction number and how the core business is doing in the U.S. would also be helpful from a transaction count.
David E. Mangum: Sure. So, Chris, this is David. I'll start where we were before the -- we're not in a position to quantify the impact of the incident. When we are, we'll talk to you about it. Obviously, in Q4, with the new sales, the new merchants we're boarding for our gaming, the uptick we see seasonally in Greater Giving, we're expecting EBIT and margins to tick up nicely in North America in Q4. If you want to project forward without quantifying, because we're not in a position to do it, it's fair to say incremental investments, say, in 2013 or something along those lines. Once we're through our investigation, through any remediation, it all revolves around anything we can quantify for you relative to the incident. Many of our IT investments do indeed hit the North American merchant services income line. So it's fair to think about it in that way. But until we can quantify either of these, the impact of the intrusion, much less the ongoing investment levels, I can't give you a great quantified answer. But from a color perspective, I think you're thinking about the geography of the income statement in the right way.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. And then on transactions, I saw -- I think we had 13% transaction growth in the U.S. last quarter. Can you talk about how you caught that number for this quarter?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, it was 13% again, Chris.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the allotted time for questions and answers. I will now turn the call back to Paul Garcia for closing remarks.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much, and we appreciate your interest in Global Payments.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Sloan - President David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations, Jane Elliot. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Thanks. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2012 Second Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call.  In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance.  For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated January 5, 2012, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and Happy New Year, everyone, and thanks so much for joining us this afternoon. I'm pleased to report that we are executing well across all of our businesses as evidenced by our solid results for the quarter. Second quarter fiscal 2012 revenue grew 20% to $531 million. Cash operating income grew 14% to $109 million. And cash earnings per share grew 13% to $0.86 for the quarter. As you are aware, the debit interchange legislation took effect October 1, reducing interchange rates on most domestic debit transactions. Our strategy is to pass along a significant share of this benefit to our customers. Consequently, this legislation resulted in less than $0.02 of cash earnings per share for the quarter. However, we added nearly $15 million in revenue, primarily from our ISO channel. While it is still early, we consider even these results to be transitory due to the strong competition in the marketplace. I am pleased to announce 3 targeted acquisitions, which will expand our international and eCommerce presence. First, we increased our footprint in Russia by acquiring a merchant business with more than 6,000 merchants from Alfa-Bank. Alfa-Bank is the largest private Russian bank by total assets and operates a network of over 300 branches in the market. This expands our existing referral network and overall sales distribution by adding over 20 new regions within the Russian Federation. Secondly, we acquired HSBC's merchant business in Malta, consisting of nearly 4,000 merchants. We believe solid card usage trends will continue in Malta, primarily driven by its tourism sector and the government's continued focus on increasing card-based payments. Most importantly, this transaction demonstrates the ongoing strength and expanding nature of our global relationship with HSBC. Finally, I'm pleased to announce that we have agreed to acquire the U.S. merchant portfolio of CyberSource from Visa. This transaction will broaden our U.S. eCommerce presence by adding over 9,000 merchants and it will expand our eCommerce strategy by augmenting our existing U.S. distribution channel. We expect this to close during our third fiscal quarter. Now, second quarter highlights. North America delivered revenue growth of 16% in the quarter, driven by our U.S. ISO channel, strong growth from our Gaming business and solid performance from our direct channel.  Canada continues to perform as expected, delivering 4% local currency revenue growth, with transaction growth of 5%. Our International segment produced another quarter of solid results, with revenue growth of 30%, fueled by all regions across Europe. These results include the addition of Spain, which continues to perform well, coupled with solid performance across Europe. Asia's revenue growth was flat for the quarter, primarily due to the strong growth in last year's quarter related to an enormously successful product launch by one of our merchants. I will now turn the call over to David. David?
David E. Mangum: Thank you, Paul. We are pleased with our second quarter performance and our outlook in this difficult macroeconomic environment. North America Merchant Services revenue growth of 16% was about what we anticipated, fueled by U.S. transaction growth of 13%, growth in Gaming and continued stable performance in Canada. As a result, North America cash operating income or EBIT dollars were up 5% for the quarter over prior year. While the result of debit interchange legislation added nearly $15 million of revenue, once again, the majority of this came through our ISO channel. The net benefit to cash earnings per share approached $0.02 for the quarter and the net unfavorable effect on total company operating margin was just under 15 basis points. Our International segment delivered solid results. International cash operating margin increased to 35.5% compared to 34.5% in the prior year. The aggregate purchase price for the 3 acquisitions will be about $45 million. We expect these deals to add about $15 million of revenue for the remainder of fiscal 2012. We expect these transactions to be about neutral to slightly dilutive to fiscal 2012 cash earnings per share and dilutive to GAAP earnings per share, primarily due to integration costs. In addition, we expect these deals to reduce total company cash operating margin by about 20 basis points in 2012, primarily due to our accounting for CyberSource as an ISO going forward. For the quarter, we generated free cash flow of $79 million, representing 24% growth over last year. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distribution to noncontrolling interest.  During the quarter, we spent $23 million on capital expenditures. Incremental capital expenditures coming from the 3 acquisitions will take our expected full year fiscal capital expenditures to about $95 million to $105 million. Our second quarter effective tax rate, whether you track cash or GAAP earnings, was down a bit as we anticipated, coming in at about 29%. We continue to expect our effective tax rate to be about 30% for fiscal 2012. Our second quarter GAAP and cash tax rates, as calculated from the face of our income statement, were each a little less than 28%, again as anticipated. We expect our full year tax rates based on the face of the income statement calculation to be about 29%. During the second quarter, on a year-over-year basis, currency changes slightly benefited each of GAAP and cash revenue and earnings by about $2 million and $0.01 per share. We continue to believe the aggregate effect of currency will likely be about neutral to slightly positive to our earnings per share for fiscal 2012 compared to 2011 due to the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar to date and our outlook for the rest of the year.  Fluctuations in exchange rates, in particular, rapid further strengthening of the U.S. dollar, could cause variances to our outlook.  Before acquisitions and without debit interchange legislation, our core expectations for revenue and earnings per share and operating margin remain unchanged, including margin expansion by as much as 50 basis points for the year.  We continue to believe that any benefits resulting from the debit legislation are uncertain and transitory in nature due to our competitive marketplace. Additionally, we plan to use a small portion of this temporary income to make targeted investments in key vertical markets, sales and infrastructure to drive long-term growth.  Based on our current assumptions and net of investments to be made, we expect the debit legislation to add approximately $40 million of revenue and about $0.04 of cash and GAAP earnings per share and to unfavorably affect cash operating margin by about 20 basis points in fiscal 2012. Once again, we expect the 3 acquisitions to add about $15 million of revenue, be neutral to slightly dilutive to our cash earnings per share and to reduce our cash operating margin by an additional 20 basis points for the remainder of the year.  In total then for fiscal 2012, we now expect revenue of $2.15 billion to $2.2 billion and cash earnings per share of $3.50 to $3.58. On a GAAP basis, we now expect earnings per share of $3.14 to $3.22. Now I'll turn the call back to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thanks, David. Based on our current outlook and assumptions, we are increasing our annual fiscal 2012 revenue expectations by $50 million to a range of $2,150,000,000 to $2,200,000,000, reflecting 16% to 18% growth. We are also increasing our cash earnings per share expectation by $0.04 to a range of $3.50 to $3.58, reflecting 14% to 16% growth over fiscal 2011. Excluding the impact of the debit legislation and our recent acquisitions, we plan to expand cash operating margins in our core business by as much as 50 basis points for the total company for fiscal 2012. I'll now turn the call over to Jane. Jane?
Jane M. Forbes: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about International, maybe just starting out with Europe. I'm just looking at the revenues and the profits, both down sequentially, which was surprising to me. How did that come in relative to plan and what should we be looking for here in the coming quarters on the Europe side?
David E. Mangum: It's David. Relative to our expectations, Q2 came in about where we expected, for Europe as well. I would tell you, if you put me on a rack and press me, I'd like to see maybe a little bit more revenue in the U.K., and we were clipped a little bit more by FX than we thought during the quarter, and some of that was in the U.K., some of that obviously would be in Canada, but as a general rule across the business, we were about on forecast, about where we expected to be. In aggregate we were where we expected to be as well. If you look out into Q3 and to speak particularly to Europe, I would expect Europe to be up a little bit sequentially in Q3 and then up a little bit again in Q4. And then of course, across the business, as you well know, Q3 will look like our weaker -- weakest quarter of the 4 from a pure earnings perspective relative to the sort of percentage of total earnings for the year, with Q4 far and away being our strongest. Maybe in a little more color in that regard, I would think about modeling roughly, and I do mean roughly a plus or minus, the same percentage of earnings in Q3 compared to full year, and in Q4 compared to full year as you saw last year. So Q3 as a percentage of total, your full-year earnings roughly the same percentage range as for each of the next 2 quarters.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then I have the same question on Asia Pac, I was also kind of surprised there with no growth. I know, Paul, you said there was tough compare, which we are aware of but what's the outlook there for Asia Pac? Can we assume that we're back on a growth mode in the second half of the year?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Tien-Tsin, this is David, I'll take this one again. To your point, we are flat this year, and that's compared to a quarter over last year, we grew 42%. I guess I should remind you in Q3 of last year, we grew 31%. But we think in Q2, we're right back to double-digit growth, we think -- I'm sorry, in Q3, I apologize, we're right back to double-digit growth. In Q4, we're back above that in the sort of the mid-teens range we expect to see. And so for the full year, we remained right on track for that same low double-digit into the mid-teens range we expressed at the beginning of the year. I don't doubt for a second that flat is a little bit of a surprise because it's tough to get yourself all the way to flat. We're just looking at it from the outside in, and you think about Asia. But that product launch we've talked about fairly often really was substantial, and the real telling point of that was of course 42% year-over-year growth last year.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just to be clear, David, that includes acquisitions in terms of all the commentary you just made?
David E. Mangum: It does. Of course for Asia we really don't have one. But for Europe as well as the total company, when I was just answering your first question, it is inclusive of everything at this point, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies and Company.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So just to clarify and reiterate, what you guys are basically saying is that if we put the acquisitions and Durbin on the side and just look apples-to-apples at your guidance, what you were talking about last quarter versus what you're talking about now, there's no change. Is that correct?
David E. Mangum: That's correct. It's a perfect way of saying. We reaffirmed.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And so going forward, just on the point with Durbin and obviously all the disclosures is helpful. So you have $15 million in revenue based on 2 months of Durbin contribution. But it sounds like you're only going to have another $25 million over the subsequent 6 months of your fiscal '12 to get to $40 million in total. So just wanted to understand why the run rate slows down so much?
Paul R. Garcia: That's a great question. This is Paul. Let me also add to that. We did about little less than $0.01 a month, right? 2 months for -- $0.02 for about 2 months of results. And that would suggest around $0.05 or $0.06 for the remaining 6 months, yet, we're telling you it's going to be like $0.02. So the words and the music aren't going together here. So here's a couple of fact points, I think, are important. Because a number people have actually written some reports that would suggest about $0.01 a month, and that's about right quite frankly. But we have taken a more conservative approach for 2 reasons. #1, the situation still is nascent. I mean we don't really know what the associations are going to do. I mean we're not exactly sure where the card issuing is going. Competition, although I will tell you this, Jason, we watch this like a hawk, we watch any kind of attrition and just the opposite, our position has been to be very generous hoping it will simulate new business for us and we're very pleased with that and it has done exactly that. But yet, we've taken a conservative stance because of all of those factors. The revenue is more driven on the ISO side. I would tell you, our ISOs have taken, I would think, a commercial approach here. They have -- they're a little more aggressive. But quite frankly, they have a very small merchant base. But yet they've been pretty open with sharing a large amount of that with the ISOs, obviously they would with their customers. We think that actually continues, they end up sharing a little more of that. So the good news is it didn't have the big hit on margin that everyone feared, but yet it didn't also drive EPS on our side. But on the positive side, it didn't have the ISO affect everyone feared. David, you want to take another shot with that?
David E. Mangum: Maybe just to supplement a couple of things. I think we have seen the ISOs as being more circumspect than one might have thought, which is actually great news for the market. So we're cautious on the outlook of how those pieces come together in the next few months. I think we're cautious on our own as well. This is something that was effective, really, the month of October. So nascent, as Paul said, is exactly the right word. We're a couple of months into this and really only a billing cycle, maybe 2 into what the customers are seeing and how the pieces are really coming together. So very interesting. I would just give you one other sort of anecdotal data point, and this may well be apropos of nothing, but I think we've talked the last quarter or so that we started to see credit transaction growth in the U.S. approach debit transaction growth. This past quarter, we actually saw a credit transaction growth, north of debit transaction growth, first time in -- you can imagine Jason, how long that's happened. Doesn't mean it's a trend, doesn't even mean it's even related to this issue, just gives you a little more insight into the moving parts of issuers, networks, competitors, our own channel partners, as well as just consumer behavior. All these dynamics make us circumspect ourselves as to our outlook for the impact of the legislation.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And just last for me, the CyberSource acquisition, seems like a great move to expand your eCommerce presence. I think you guys have talked in the past about wanting to accomplish that. Can you just give us a sense, order of magnitude-wise, how much does this expand your overall eCommerce business, and particularly in the U.S., whether you want to think about in terms of merchants or revenue? Just so we can get a sense of how big of an impact this will have on that slice of the company.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Jason, it's Jeff. I'll take a stab at answering that. I think we have talked about in the prepared remarks that it adds more than 9,000 merchants in eCommerce segment here in the United States. So from our perspective, that's a substantial enhancement to what we currently do. It's a very attractive portfolio in its own right by way of metrics and growth. And it really puts us in a market that we historically have been underrepresented in. And what we're going to do is, I think this is in the script as well, is allocate sales resources, IT resources and operating resources against that portfolio of 9,000 plus customers. So as we think about it strategically, this gets us to a really good toehold in the market that we've been smaller than we would like to be and allows us to build very substantially off that market. In terms of sizing, it's a little bit more than 9,000 merchants is what we're disclosing.
David E. Mangum: Jason, I would add too, we're going to be the best partner the CyberSource that we can, and we're not alone in that regard. There's lots of other institutions, as the processors would like to do the same thing. But we believe that we are going to be very responsive and we're hoping our relationship with them extends.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: How many merchants did you have in the U.S. eCommerce prior to the acquisition?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: We haven't broken out...
David E. Mangum: I don't know if we've ever broken it out, Jason, but you well know that eCommerce is a segment where we like to have a bigger presence than we've historically had. So this is a meaningful step in our eCommerce strategy, there's no question about it.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And just so I would add, this is a well-diversified portfolio. So to the extent that we had eCommerce folks before, they tended to be a combination of bricks and mortar, as well as online presence. This is really specific to the online presence. So I think this bolsters what we are doing previously, but it really is a very big step in the right direction.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor of Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On Brazil, I know you're building out the capabilities there. I was wondering if you can update us on where you stand and is there any way HSBC is helping play a role with your buildout there?
Paul R. Garcia: Well Glenn, we have good news for you here. Jeffrey, why don't you go and...
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Sure. So we're pleased to announce that we've executed a sponsorship and referral agreement with a financial situation in the Brazilian marketplace, which is a meaningful step forward for our business in Brazil. Second, in the last quarter, we have signed a significant technology contract with a large vendor for the construction of our firm back-end platform in Brazil, and that platform construction is beginning and is underway as we speak. So as we look at where we are today, Glenn, relative to the last number of quarters, we think we moved the ball pretty far down the path on sponsorship and referral, as well as on our technology build. And I think the next step for us down there will be our certification with the associations, with our Brazilian partner, as well as with our technology vendor.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Paul, just a theoretical question for you. So I want to talk about this Brooklyn case out there and one part of a potential settlement that people talk about is allowing merchants to surcharge at the point-of-sale. So I think you're well versed in answering this, given you know the U.S. market so well. I mean how do you see it? If merchants are allowed to surcharge in the U.S., how do you see this playing out in terms of merchants actually doing it, consumers reacting to it? Could this be a large catalyst for a shift from credit volume to debit volume?
Paul R. Garcia: I have to say that's an excellent question. And forever you could give a discount for cash. There's never been a provision against doing that. And I think the basis for this type of relationship has kind of been in place, and merchants haven't really taken advantage of it. I think to surcharge your consumer when she pulls out her preferred payment, I think is a bridge too far, I really do. I mean there might be some exceptions, but I personally think it's not going to be a biggie. I don't think we're going to see a big shift, I really don't. I mean that's -- we'll see. I just want to -- we'll wait in front of that. We'll see if I was bright or stupid there, but that's my take.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So I just want to stay on CyberSource and also the other items in particular. They're not closing, I guess, with a whole lot of time left in your fiscal year. I know it's probably a little early to give 2013 guidance. But from my rough estimation, looks like CyberSource itself was doing about $100 million in annual revenue in the acquiring business. So I'm just trying to get a sense of what this could look like for 2013 for CyberSource and the other 2 relationships you announced this quarter. It sounds like it could be meaningful. Is that a good way to characterize it?
David E. Mangum: Chris, this is David. You'd have to look at exactly what we're purchasing, and I don't believe you can find an external fact that would help you other than what we said in our prepared comments and in the press release earlier. So if you take the combination of the 3 transactions, which we're saying add on the order of $15 million of revenue for what's effectively, call it, 5 months of the year, it's really 4.5, because you're right, they haven't an all closed. But they'll all be closed, we think, by the end of January. So maybe you call it 4, 4.5. If you want to annualize that, that's step one. Now know that we expect each of them to perform better than those 4 months and to grow next year. You can let them grow a little north of the pure annualized level. But no, we're not verging on the kind of numbers you're talking about at all with these transactions. There's probably a disconnect between something you've been able to find externally and the actual portfolio we're purchasing in any of these 3 acquisitions.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And CyberSource, obviously, the only one I can really get anything on. It was public at one point.
David E. Mangum: Yes, understood.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is there any color, David, on exactly what the difference could be and what you're purchasing? Is it not the whole portfolio? Or is it -- they lost some relationships?
David E. Mangum: Chris, I think that's a fair question. So with the ongoing relationship with CyberSource, if they continue to have an economic interest in these relationships. So that's why the purchase price is what it is. That's why this is a about winning future relationships, continuing to encourage them to do business with us in the future. So it's a stated amount from the existing portfolio, which we purchased. And it's an opportunity to participate in other deals. So that's really what this is. And there's some of the economics -- some significant amount of the economics that stays with CyberSource. And that's why your numbers -- that's where you're getting kind of balled up on these numbers a little bit.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I'm sure we'll learn more about that as time goes on.
David E. Mangum: Absolutely.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A Separate question, just following up on the obvious European question, I didn't hear from your previous answer if you saw any signs of the Armageddon that everyone fear or love. If the transaction is falling off a cliff, and consumer spending retrenching in any significant way, any color there? And also -- if you could also address, Asia Pacific was flat, I guess, on year-over-year basis after growing 18% last quarter. Is that currency or is there anything changing there in terms of spending patterns?
Paul R. Garcia: Well let me do the -- Chris, I'll do the color on Europe, and I'll ask David to talk once again about AP. So of course our business in Europe is Russia, the Czech Republic, Spain and the U.K. The euro is actually in Spain, and it's the toughest economy of all of them, and that business is growing at a double-digit amount. I mean just pure and simple. Now with low double digits, but it's growing at a double-digit amount. We are organically growing this business in an economy with 20% unemployment and some real challenges at a double-digit amount. Now that's because we're taking market share, we're adding sales people, we're doing all things we can do. The U.K. is much -- it's a market that also provides opportunities. We had a good quarter in the U.K. I think David said we would like to have a little more. We like a little more everywhere. But still the U.K. was a solid performer for the quarter. And you'd say Russia and the Czech Republic are kind of outliers a little bit. But the long and short is we're not seeing a meltdown. Consumers are still spending. They're taking vacations. They're going to dinner. They're buying shopping at their favorite retail establishments. And the transaction counts are pretty decent. And you're seeing those same numbers from others who report. Dave, you want to talk about AP?
David E. Mangum: Yes. I will also say relative to Europe, the core sort of metrics we watch, Chris, the transactions, the average tickets, what that means for volume, are all hanging there fine relative to our expectations. And that's probably the core. We watch it -- the large complex business is something south of what we wanted, something the north of what we wanted in the mix. We're on track, and we feel very good about that relative to the headlines and everything else involved in driving your question. Relative to the AP, I think the real key to AP is that big large customer launch. It was really the official launch of some new products in Asia in Q2 of last year that drove, you may recall, 42% revenue growth. We talked about that launch quite a bit. I know it's tough to model a flat revenue growth, particularly when we're talking about some Asian markets. But it really was right about what we thought Asia would be. We do expect Asia to return then to double-digit growth in Q3 and in Q4 as well. We still expect the exact same low double-digit to mid-teens full-year growth in Asia as before. So no real shocks in Asia at all. Just the sheer math of taking something that fueled 42% growth last year and annualizing that. And again, in Q3 of last year, it was 31%. We'll annualize that. We'll still grow, I think, double digits in Q3. So just bring those pieces together, nothing fundamental in the market in the 11 markets we serve thereof.
Paul R. Garcia: Now the reality is that Asia is -- most of the revenues are being generated from places like Hong Kong and Taiwan and Malaysia and Singapore, with not very much at all from India and from China. And that's where the real opportunity is obviously. And that's where we're very focused on. And we're making progress on that every day. So I continue to be very excited and optimistic about our first-mover advantage and opportunities to do some meaningful things in those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Paul, can you talk about what we should expect to happen to the GAAP between revenue growth and transaction growth post Durbin? You've spoken in the past about how at a minimum, one of the benefits from Durbin is you'll have, when you sit down to renegotiate with merchants, it's going to alleviate pricing pressure. And I just wondered if you could just share your thoughts on that point.
Paul R. Garcia: Sure, Bill. I think that is, I stood by that statement, and I would say that we have a couple of months of hard data that would suggest that's exactly right. And that goes across the gamut. So you're dealing with a large merchant who just got obviously every penny of this back in a very big meaningful way. I mean their rates went down. It takes a little pressure off you. That doesn't mean they still don't do their RP [ph] processes, et cetera. But the merchants are feeling pretty happy right now. Even the smaller guys, you saw the magnitude of the giveback, and that's where Joe's pizza. I mean the magnitude to giveback we had was pretty significant. And ditto with those guys. I mean it's -- we track things like attrition. We track obviously signings. We're taking full advantage of that posture. I mean we could have sat back and earned a lot of money. We chose not to do that, and we did that for hard economic reasons. And those hard economic reasons are being worn out as we speak.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, great. And on a completely different topic here, looking ahead a little bit. There's been a lot in the press about Square and some other mobile acceptance technologies out there. And I just wondered whether if the scale is still just not large enough for it to even be on your radar screen or whether you come across a greater desire some of your SME merchants to want to incorporate mobile acceptance in their business? And then if so, how do you think about the impact of mobile acceptance on your business model overall as we look to the future?
Paul R. Garcia: Well I would tell you, I would start, Bill, by saying I love Jack Dorsey. I mean I love -- he's the Steve Jobs of payments. I mean it's creative, it's interesting. I mean I love stuff like that because it gets new payments, it gets consumers interested in our industry. And I think that's all good and that tide is going to raise all of our ships. We also, you can be sure, we have our own answer to those technologies, and I think I would encourage you to stay tuned. But we have different needs. I mean Square initially is focused on a U.S. non-EMV compliant application. We have and we really think there's even more applicability for that type of mobile payments for international developing markets, which quite frankly are EMV -- have EMV requirements. So I would look for us to be coming forward with some technologies to take advantage of that, and we are very high on it. We think particularly once again for the developing markets. So no, we don't think it's too small. I think if you took a little narrow piece of it and said okay, it's painters and people who are doing home delivery. And if you just, people -- P2P payments, you could probably define that, but you're not going to get terribly excited. I think this is a lot more than that. And so, stay tuned. Jeff, you want to share anything?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. So I think, to follow-up on what Paul said, I think it's good news to the extent that cash is being displaced by electronic means. That's good for us no matter where it occurs. It's also good news that it's cheaper to accept cards. That's also very good news for us. So as the size of the pie expands in the United States and globally, we'll be the beneficiaries of that, and we'll leverage some of the distribution channels that Paul mentioned around the world. But we have a competitive advantage like multinational inquiring, experience with EMV, both on a card present and a card not present environment. So I think this is all very good news as we see it from where we sit today. And we'll continue to capitalize on those opportunities as they come around. So we look at Square as something that's very complementary and additive to what we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Willi of Wells Fargo.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 questions. One is if you could talk a bit about M&A. Obviously you did some smaller niche stuff this past quarter, but what are you hearing, I guess, in terms of pipelines, and I guess I'm particularly curious around the European continent or it seems like the banking industry is probably going to have to go through the same drill that the U.S. banks did several years ago in terms of raising capital, which did involve divesting payment assets. Any thoughts around what that looks like now or what you think it may look like over the next couple of quarters?
Paul R. Garcia: Well Tim, this is Paul. I'd start by saying you're exactly correct. That is happening, it's good news. I mean let's face it, we wouldn't have a relationship with la Caixa, and I couldn't be happier with that deal. We wouldn't have our relationship with la Caixa, if it wasn't for those same pressures quite frankly. They were looking at assets, and this made a lot of sense, great decision for them, great decision for us. There are other institutions in Europe, they're doing exactly that as we speak. And you can be sure that we are all over that. The 3 deals we did, they're not huge but they are meaningful to us for all different reasons. Russia is certainly a complicated place, but 140 million Russians, we think, it was well worth the risk and it gives us some additive benefits above and beyond just that portfolio from Alfa. Obviously we've talked all about the other 2 deals, and they are terrific. We actually did talk too much about Malta. I mean it's a tiny little country, obviously, but its -- that's all about servicing our huge partner, HSBC. That's part of their stated objective, and we responded accordingly and quickly and in a timely fashion. So the long and short of it is that our pipeline has been as full as it's ever been. I could not be more pleased that we got these 3 done, and I think that bodes well for things to come. And hopefully, we'll be talking to you about deals for quarters to come. Jeff, do you want to...
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Tim, I would just add that of the 3 deals we announced today, 2 are with non-North American financial institution. So Alfa is in Russia, HSBC Malta is obviously in Malta, and Royal Banks, of course, have their own points of view as to the motivations to do it. Clearly the key thing is what's going on in the worldwide economy. So as that continues, we're going to see more of these attempts to raise capital and exit businesses that we view as core to us and banks may view as a little more around the periphery for them. As Paul mentioned, our pipeline is full. That is true worldwide. And I expect to see more financial institution monetizations in the near and intermediate terms, and all those trends are very good news for us.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up had to do with sort of the second impact, I guess, of Durbin, which is network holding preference. And that whole discussion of, which obviously is not in your income statement right now, but there's been discussions and Visa, as many people talk about paid some and rebates and incentives and touched on this issue. I guess can you share any thoughts around what you think the impact of the whole routing and sort of the routing preference will be once it's instituted and where you sit in the ecosystem?
David E. Mangum: Yes. Tim, this is David, I'll take a crack on this, and let the other guys chime in as well. This is another instance where not unlike some of the questions we've answered earlier. There really isn't anything but good news here for us when you think about it, particularly when you focus on the small to medium merchants as we do throughout our multiple channels of the go-to-market in the States. We are ready to provide the least-cost routing. We can do our merchants as part of the service we offer. We're happy to enable that. So what you have in reverse then for us is essentially procurement opportunity here to continue to provide the least-cost routing that we can to benefit our own income statement on the way there. As you might imagine, we've had any number of conversation, notional and a little beyond notional, about how that might work, with some of the other folks are going to be competing for volume in this new world of competitive routing. And as I said, it's nothing but good news for us as we head in the late fiscal '12, on the way into fiscal '13.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wayne Johnson of Raymond James.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was -- just a couple of follow-ups here. On CyberSource, did any technology come with that particular acquisition or is this purely merchant's that you guys are buying?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Wayne, it's Jeff. It's largely a portfolio of the 9,000 plus merchants that David and Paul alluded to in their prepared remarks.
Paul R. Garcia: Well I would just add, though, the positive part of this -- Wayne, this is Paul, is that it puts us in a position to continue to work with CyberSource to win new business. Now their technology is a key to a lot of those wins. So in that regard, we have the benefit of that.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: That's a fair point, Paul. It's probably worth pointing out, which I don't think we've done yet that these are CyberSource's, and existing customers of ours. So an amount of this volume, we're already processing for today. So from a technology point of view, the difference here is we're acquiring that portfolio from an ownership perspective. But a lot of the technologies around processing that portfolio already exists within the world of Global Payments, since it's in the customer of ours today. What is going to change, as Paul alluded to, is our ability to allocate sales, IT and operating talent to a portfolio that we now own to enable to grow in the same more quickly as it did with CyberSource in their own right.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Terrific. I'll look forward to hearing more about that relationship. And if I could just follow-up on some tangential but yet related topics, in my view, is when you're acquiring CyberSource and when you're going to be acquiring the Alfa-Bank merchants and HSBC Malta, is that going to be on G2 or where's the technology that enables those particular merchants going to be located?
Paul R. Garcia: That's a great question, Wayne. So let's talk about those in order of your question. For Alfa, we're going to migrate the customer processing to the platforms we own and operate in Russia and our existing Russian business. As you know, any sort of migration of Russia, considering you can imagine the customization of all of that toward G2 or even toward our own back-end here in the States is much further down the roadmap than anything sort of near to medium term. So Alfa moves really directly to our Russian. So it's again consolidating platforms, driving economies but all within the Russian Federation. Malta is a bit of an interesting case in itself. There is an eventual migration there. Again it would be further down the roadmap. There's some unique characteristics to Malta, particularly in terms of the manner in which the fairly insular couple of debit networks operate in Malta that mean it's really not, again, on the near-term migration path at all. But it will be part of the vision for consolidated platforms over time. We're in very good shape contractually with continuing to operate the existing platforms for a while there with the existing providers. And then on the CyberSource portfolio, as Jeff mentioned a moment ago, we processed that volume today on our existing platforms. Mechanically a couple of things will change in the infrastructure from the outside looking in, even for the 3 of us sitting at the table talking to you, really very little changes. And the IT folks will now crucify me for having said that out loud. So we've got a lot of work to do to do the full migration, bring things over. But it's on our platform. So it will be on our current front end, which as you know is a combination of G2, as well as our various mainframe solutions. And so to move that way, we'll have the ability with G2 and with new volume that comes from CyberSource to board new merchants to G2, just as we're doing today with new merchant volume that comes. So we got, I would call, sort of optionality in the U.S. in terms of how we board right now, which we can determine based on functionality, scalability and even product sets that are on the various platforms we run, all with still that same long-term vision toward platform consolidation and maximizing economies of scale.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Please forgive me for this follow-up, but I got to go there. So how was G2 progressing? And if you had -- if you could put a percentage of completion on it or a range. Could you give us any color on it? I feel like we haven't heard anything on it in a while.
Paul R. Garcia: They've been working as planned, Wayne. So I'd be happy to give you a little more color. I don't think you can trap me in the percentage completion, but I would say, as the front-end vision remains the same, thinking about G2 and consolidated front-ends and platform consolidation, obviously in an industry like ours where scale is key, consolidation is nothing but a good thing. We are, as I mentioned, in answer to a previous question, we are migrating volume to G2 as we speak. We migrated the majority of the volume for one of our largest customers over the last quarter or so. We are also boarding new merchants to G2 as we speak. In fact, one of the items in Q4 that drive such a big Q4 for us is some large sales that are coming alive in the U.S. in that Q4 time frame. Those will be boarded to G2. Now as I said earlier, we're selectively doing this based on functionality, which platforms are ready for which customers, whether it's a migration or a new. So we're still boarding -- we still have many customers on the legacy mainframe platforms. We continue to work on all the things we've talked about the last few quarters, the requirements we need for any existing customers, the right sequencing in migrations, which is as you know involves a conversation with the merchants themselves. They have work to do, and it's participating in the testing. So we're trying to roll that all -- all that out thoughtfully in a plan full manner and no longer predict or promise you, which volumes or which percentage, when. But again, we continue to make very nice progress, incremental progress in terms of being thoughtful and pragmatic about how we drive the front-end strategy in the U.S. and then eventually globally.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I appreciate that response, and realize it's a sensitive topic. But I'm going to bang the bell one more time here. Would you say you're more than 50% complete or less than 50% complete as far as the U.S. goes?
Paul R. Garcia: Wayne, you can't get me down on that. It's an excellent attempt, but I would say we're thoughtful and pragmatic. And as we start moving more and more of this meaningful, new volume that those percentages are going to rise steadily over time.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I thought I'd give it a try.
Paul R. Garcia: You had to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Smith of Sterne Agee.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just back to the routing issue with Visa and MasterCard, have you received any payments then from either association?
Paul R. Garcia: Greg, the answer is we have ongoing dialogue. And I will tell you this, though, it is not going to be -- it will be something of some -- how would I put arms around this.
David E. Mangum: It will be a nice...
Paul R. Garcia: It will be something meaningful. It will be significant. So we're in the process of that. I think meaningful is a better word. So we have -- we're having conversations. We're in the process of completing those, and it's going to be meaningful.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And is that likely from an accounting standpoint just to hit in a single quarter?
Paul R. Garcia: It depends, Greg, on how the pieces come together. But for us, we certainly are looking at this with an eye toward reducing ongoing processing cost rather than any sort of single event.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then just back on CyberSource, so is that -- I mean it sounds like you have a great opportunity to actually grow that portfolio through this new relationship. But is that exclusive? Or are we going to hear about other acquirers doing deals with CyberSource?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Greg, it's Jeff. I think you have to look at the way we've discussed it, which is to say that we're buying the existing portfolio, which is a little bit more than 9,000 merchants. We've had a relationship with CyberSource historically. We're going to continue to have a great relationship with them going forward. We're the only one buying that portfolio that we described in the release, and that's all we can really say to that.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last one. David, I guess, I think you said these 3 deals would be slightly dilutive to neutral on a cash basis. If that's correct, why is it not a little more profitable?
David E. Mangum: Most of that, Greg, particularly for this first period, the first couple of quarters and maybe it ticks into early '13, it's really integration costs. So we do have, as I just mentioned before, platform work to do for some of the CyberSource stuff. We've got integration work to do. As you might imagine, just to be able to report financials in a place like Malta, even though we're really aren't starting formal platform migrations there for some time. And we have real platform migration work to do in Russia. So if you think about the relative size, you can imagine just a little bit of integration expense can very quickly take you from modest profit, down toward neutral and then a hair dilutive from there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: If you strip out the Durbin benefit in the November quarter, can you quantify the unit pricing trends both in the U.S. and Canada merchant processing business?
David E. Mangum: I can give you color, David. This is David. I can give you color, not quantify. The merchant pricing trends in the U.S. were very solid and stable quarter-over-quarter. I believe you're asking the question sequentially. So very stable and right where we expect them to be. In Canada, we saw what is really sort of the traditional Canadian pricing scenario right now, which is a little bit of a leakage as our new sales come in at lower spreads than our existing sales, particularly our existing customers -- excuse me, particularly in the small to medium channel. So I would say that leakage, that little reduction, and that's our expectations in our forecast. But that's the place where you're seeing a little bit of a leakage as we, again, we replace higher-priced merchants with lower-priced on a fairly consistent basis.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And can you quantify your unit class reduction plan both for U.S. and Canada in the quarter and for fiscal '12 as a whole?
David E. Mangum: In what fashion?
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Well since unit price historically has been declining, presumably you're reducing unit costs to offset unit price over time.
David E. Mangum: Of course, that's right. And so what we do is we target each infrastructure department with a cost per transaction target. For example, our IT department, which they're required to reduce on an annual basis. They may or may not be reducing that at any given quarter, depending on investment levels and the timing of any expenses. And so yes, you're exactly right, our infrastructure department, as well as our sales channels are all tasked and budgeted based on either/or both cost per transaction or incremental margin. We don't go into the details of how the pieces come together in any given year. We may well be investing in the United Kingdom, while making sure we scale Canada. So that will vary based on our own choices. As you well know, David, we operate and that went a bit of an asset allocation strategy. But each business and each business unit is targeted in the fashion I've described.
Paul R. Garcia: Dave, obviously, Dave, you're discussing what's our leverage and what's our margin ability. And we are reaffirming as much as 50 basis points for total company cash operating margins. And that's a good thing and gaining. And clearly we have designed to go well beyond that. And as long as you've been following this business, you know that's one of the great components of this industry is that there's wonderful operating leverage. Obviously the ISO accounting is a significant headwind. But it's our objective and certainly, the task of all of us to expand our margins and continue to do so. So we'll continue to report on it.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just finally, Paul, did the U.K. price increase from the August quarter stick in November?
Paul R. Garcia: The answer is yes. The U.K. pricing did very well, and the answer is it absolutely stuck. So that says 2 things. Number one, it was balanced. It was properly -- and once again, we really don't characterize it as an increase. It was just a pricing methodology. So it was appropriately and properly administered, and it absolutely has stuck. Thank you for that question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to ask, and I apologize because I probably missed this, but what were the currency impact in the quarter? And what are you seeing about the forward assumption on currency impact?
Paul R. Garcia: Ashwin, we did not have that question. So, David?
David E. Mangum: In the quarter, currency helped revenue by $2 million and helped earnings per share by about $0.01 of earnings per share. As we look out to the rest of the year and refresh our forecast, Ashwin, we're expecting the U.S. dollar to strengthen a little bit more against our key currencies on sequential basis in Q3. In fact, as we sit here tonight, sort of period-to-date in Q3, all of those currencies have -- at dollar are strengthening against all of the currencies, Canadian dollar, pound, euro, the Czech koruna, the ruble. So we continue to see the U.S. dollar strengthened, really, for the rest of the year, which means on a year-over-year basis, currency, which was our friend in Q1, kind of less of our friend in Q2, will not be our friend in Q3 or in Q4 on a year-over-year, not sequential, basis.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And obviously, that's incorporated into your guidance, right?
David E. Mangum: Yes, that's correct.
Paul R. Garcia: Of course.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My second question is the year-over-year margin improvement in International, the sustainability of that, especially as you sort of go through a cycle of investment in the Spanish sales force and integration investment and so on, and in a couple of quarters you got the U.K. pricing anniversary coming up, could you sort of frame the sustainability going forward for International margins?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I'll be happy to. And I think here's another place where if everything operates as planned, time is our friend here and it sequenced fairly nicely. You're exactly right. The U.K. is carrying is a lot of water for us this year, as the U.K. has for quite some time. It will continue till we have to expand margins, but probably not at the levels you saw based on the changes David asked about a moment ago in his questions. But the other pieces are really scaling nicely. We're having a solid year in the Czech Republic. The Russian business, as you might imagine, is an early adoption sort of acceptance story, but the margins there continue to scale. It still is the same kind of scale economies market regardless whether we're talking about Russia or any other places. So we expect that business to continue to grow with double digits and scale its margins steadily. We expect the same of Asia, and it's making nice progress on that very assignment. As you well know, a few years ago that was a breakeven business, even a money-losing business when the company embarked on that venture. It now has very solid margins with a 2 in front of it. So it's made very nice progress, and there's no reason it doesn't continue to scale. So the final piece of that puzzle is, really, Spain, at least for the existing assets we have today, and not speaking to Malta or how Alfa comes into the business. And Spain, you're right. As we speak we're investing the sales force, and it's in the learning phase. So we start off the first couple of quarters of this fiscal year investing and hiring and getting folks trained. Now we're looking for them to begin to become productive over the latter half of fiscal '12, so that we can see some benefit from that, and have Spanish margins hopefully scale for us in 2013 and beyond, marrying that opportunity for double-digit revenue growth Paul talked about to the opportunity now for increasing that if the sales forces is truly productive, and having that be profitable expansion. So margin expansion, to begin to supplement where the U.K. settles down to a more normalized trend of margin expansion. But notional margin expansion rather than the more outsized number you're obviously seeing inherent in our International margins this year. So I actually think there's a nice opportunity, again, for the sequencing of this to work well for us over the next handful of quarters.
Operator: We actually have time for one final question. Today's last question comes from Dave Koning of Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. The first one, North America EBIT growth mid-single digits, is that sustainable? I know you hit now 4 quarters in a row of about mid-single-digit growth, so you're hitting a little tougher comps. But are there any reasons that, that won't be sustainable going forward given kind of Canada is stable and the casino business is getting a little better?
David E. Mangum: Dave, this is David. No, not really. The growth in North America EBIT is all about continued U.S. progress, and we believe are seeing that. A stable Canada, absent any FX are really driving you the wrong direction. And then the timing of any investments in the infrastructure, as you know most of our technology investments tend to affect North America whether in international. But as I think about those pieces and how they come up in the next couple of quarters, to answer your question, I don't know the reason why you wouldn't still see a version of EBIT growth in those couple of quarters on a year-over-year basis.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then just the other question, Durbin, you talked about the $15 million this quarter and getting a little smaller, shrinking as we go through the course of the year. Is that because you've already seen, starting in October, a bigger benefit that started to deteriorate a little bit? Or is that more just out of conservatism?
David E. Mangum: It's more of the cautious outlook we've described a couple of times given the whole series of unknowns we talked about, and an answer to a couple of the earlier questions there.
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Garcia for any additional or closing remarks.
Paul R. Garcia: Well thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. And we wish you all a happy, healthy and prosperous 2012.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 7 p.m. Eastern and ending at midnight on January 19, 2012. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial 1 (855) 859-2056 or for international participants, they can dial (404) 537-3406. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-10-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey S. Sloan - President David E. Mangum - Chief Financial officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jane M. Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert J. Dodd - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliot. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Forbes: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2012 First Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated October 4, 2011, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com.  Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. I am pleased to report that we are executing well across all of our businesses as evidenced by our strong results for the quarter.  First quarter fiscal 2012 revenue grew 23% to $543 million. Cash earnings per share grew 21% to $0.88 and cash operating margins increased to 22.3% for the quarter. As a result of this performance and our $100 million stock buyback program, we are increasing our full year cash earnings per share expectations to a range of $3.46 to $3.54 or 12% to 15% growth over 2011. David will discuss both the drivers of this increase and our Q1 results in more detail in just a moment. But please note that our expectations exclude any effect from Durbin legislation.  Speaking of the Durbin legislation which, as you know, reduced interchange rates on most debit transactions effective October 1 just several days ago, our market strategy will allow all of our customers to benefit. Although we anticipate the net impact to be positive for Global Payments, we believe that these benefits will be transitory. We plan to provide more detail concerning the impact of the Durbin legislation for our second quarter when we report our results in January. Now for first quarter highlights. North America delivered revenue growth of 12% in the quarter driven by our U.S. ISO channel, strong growth from our Gaming business and solid performance from our direct channel. Canada delivered the stable quarterly results we anticipated, and our business there is performing on target. Our International segment produced another quarter of strong results with revenue growth of 59% fueled by all regions. These results include the addition of Spain, which performed well during the quarter, coupled with solid performance across Europe and continued robust growth in Asia.  I'll now turn the call over to David.
David E. Mangum: Thanks, Paul. We are pleased with the start to our fiscal 2012 with strong cash earnings, and we are gratified to be executing well in this challenging macroeconomic environment.  North America Merchant Services revenue growth of 12% was about what we anticipated, benefiting from U.S. transaction growth of 12%, strong growth in Gaming, stable performance in Canada and a favorable Canadian exchange rate. Additionally in Canada, local currency revenue grew 5% and transactions grew 4%. North America cash operating income was up 5% for the quarter over prior year.  Our International segment performed a little better than we expected for the first quarter due to the combination of strong organic results across all of our businesses, a joint venture marketing feature-up in Spain and pricing benefits in the U.K. International cash operating margin increased to 39.9% compared to 34.9% in the prior year with over 1/3 of the expansion attributable to the true-up in Spain. We generated free cash flow of $67 million, representing 13% growth over last year. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests.  During the quarter, we spent $12 million on capital expenditures and we continue to anticipate our full year fiscal capital expenditures to be about $85 million to $90 million. During the month of September, we completed our $100 million share repurchase program, purchasing a total of 2.3 million shares. During the first quarter, we purchased about 1.7 million shares at an average share price of about $43. This program was largely funded by our U.S. credit line. As a result of our share repurchase program, we now expect our diluted share count to be about $80 million for the year.  We continue to expect both GAAP and cash effective tax rates to be about 30% for fiscal 2012. Our first quarter GAAP and cash tax rates were up as we anticipated, coming in at 34.1% and 33.7% respectively, due to an adjustment in the U.K. related to a legislated corporate tax rate.  During the first quarter, on a year-over-year basis, currency changes benefited both GAAP and cash revenue and earnings by $15 million and $0.05 per share, respectively. From a currency perspective, we still expect the U.S. dollar to continue to strengthen over the course of fiscal 2012 given recent foreign exchange rate movements. As a result, we continue to believe the aggregate effect of currency will likely be about neutral to slightly positive to our earnings per share in fiscal 2012 when compared to 2011. Fluctuations in exchange rates, of course, may cause variances to our outlook. Based on these results and our current outlook and assumptions, we now expect total cash operating margins to expand by as much as 50 basis points over our fiscal 2011 cash operating margin of 20.9%. All of our financial expectations exclude the impact of Durbin, and we plan to provide you with a margin effect related to the initial Durbin implementation next quarter. In terms of the sequence of quarterly earnings per share, we expect our strongest quarter of earnings to be Q4 with Q2 earnings roughly corresponding to those of Q1.  And now I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. Once again, based on our current outlook and assumptions, we are increasing our annual fiscal 2012 cash EPS expectations to a range of $3.46 to $3.54, reflecting 12% to 15% growth over fiscal 2011. We plan to expand cash operating margins by as much as 50 basis points for the total company for fiscal 2012. All expectations, of course, exclude the impact of Durbin. I am pleased with our company's financial and strategic performance and our global market position. I am confident that we are on track to successfully execute our strategies for growth.  I'll now turn the call over to Jane.
Jane M. Forbes: [Operator Instructions] Thank you, and operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Paul, as you look at the guidance you gave for -- at last year for fiscal '12, when you kind of look at the results of 1Q '12 and your expectation now for FY '12, what's been the biggest change in your opinion that's given you the confidence to raise guidance and basically beat numbers for first quarter?
Paul R. Garcia: Well I think, Kartik, 2 things that David highlighted. One, of course, the share buyback; and secondly, we had some out-performance pretty much across businesses but in particular, in Spain. So you put those 2 together, and that's a pretty big chunk of it. David, add a little bit more color, please.
David E. Mangum: Sure, I'd be happy to. I think those are the real main points, Kartik. We hoped to get out of the gate hot. Also a good start, we think we did. It's one of the unique situations where across the board, as Paul pointed out, each of the businesses performed well, so we think we can sustain a little bit of that performance. We also can maybe bank a little bit of that performance as of Q1 and then roll forward, recognizing that at the end of the day, this is just Q1 and there's a lot more to go. We have a challenging macro environment, as you well know. We're 1/4 of the way through the year and we're going to watch foreign currency quite closely as the year goes on.
Paul R. Garcia: Kartik, I have to say the obvious, too. We always hold ourselves to a much higher standard. And we have objectives that -- we push people to reach objectives that will produce these kind of results. So we are working very hard around the company. Everybody produced as expected and we're feeling -- even in the macroeconomic environment that David referenced, even with everything we're reading, we're feeling good about the year, we're feeling confident in the guidance we gave and we can do that into the teeth of this kind of environment, I think, is a good thing.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Yes. And then just as a follow-up, Paul. You made an interesting statement about Durbin. I think you said you should benefit all but should be a positive for Global. And I'm trying to dissect that statement. Are you trying -- are you implying that Global has a great chance to gain some market share because of Durbin, or that you're going to put out some programs that will help you maybe monetize Durbin more than you anticipated?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, I would say more the former than the latter. I think that we -- our position has been very balanced here, Kartik. And meaning that I think the spirit of this legislation and I think the competitive nature of our industry is going to pretty much dictate that we all share this appropriately with the merchant. Now some people have one position on the far left, someone has the position on the far right. I wouldn't say we're in the middle. I think we're more towards one of the other polls than the other. But it is clearly our position that over time, this gets competed away anyway. I mean, I think you can write that down because we've seen that over years. And that's quite frankly one of the reasons that I think Durbin isn't looking around at our industry because it's highly competitive. So I believe our position is that we're going to share a significant amount of this -- all of it with lots of people. And that I think that will put us in a very competitive position, number one. But I also think our position is not all merchants are created equal. There are big merchants, there are tiny merchants. And for anyone to suggest that a little merchant would have the same deal as the big merchant, that's just not commercial. I don't think even little merchants expect that, even understanding headlines from some of our competitors that would make some suggestions otherwise. I don't know if that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask about Europe. That was obviously way better than we expected again this quarter. I think maybe you guys mentioned Spain, but we've been getting a lot of questions obviously about what's happening with Europe. So how cyclical do you think the business is in Europe today as it stands versus some of the opportunities that you guys have been putting in place that are above and beyond the cycle, if that question makes sense?
Paul R. Garcia: It does, Tien-Tsin. I think -- this is Paul. I think David's going to jump in here in a sec, too, but the spirit of the question is all we hear is bad news from Europe. And so how is it you're putting up numbers like this? I would say the Spanish economy is far from recovered. But I would say that we're growing that business very, very nicely. And I think that is kind of a microcosm of what's going on. We did it with the U.K. We're absolutely gaining market share, and that business is doing very well and at or ahead of our expectations. Ditto with Russia. I think Czech Republic is doing fine, as well. So all of those businesses are performing in tough economies. And Spain, I think, is probably the most illustrative of all of the question you're asking. And that is that the Spanish economy is not doing great, our business is doing well. Why is that? Because we're introducing innovation, we're adding sales resources, we have a terrific partner and we are really knocking the cover off the ball. So I think unless people just stop buying things, I think the prognosis for us is pretty rosy. And I think the amazing thing is in talking to other people in our industry, we're all doing pretty well. I mean, it's -- forget about what we're reading. Actually, if you look at how the earnings from our industry, in particular, other industries quite frankly as well, we're all doing pretty well. So I know the words and the music don't go together, but that's the fact.
David E. Mangum: Yes. And maybe, Tien-Tsin, to take it down a level from there. Obviously there was Spain in the numbers last year, so that's a big chunk of the growth, which no doubt you've expected in your model. The U.K. pricing initiatives are holding much as we modeled, so we're feeling quite positive about that. That's an important point. We continue to see the international acquiring growth. So the card in our present business we process in the U.K. that we saw tick up in Q4 stayed consisted into Q1, so more nice growth there on the top line. And then of course, FX gave us a bump this quarter. So we're in a situation where while the dollar keeps strengthening on a year-over-year basis, we're actually getting the benefit of FX where sequentially it's strengthening, so we got that bit of a disconnect which can be challenging to think through sometimes. But all the pieces, as Paul pointed out, are executing solidly against their original plans and we've got these little bit of bumps that drive -- really outsize growth led by the Spain acquisition.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I just wanted to kind of come back to that same point a bit. It's been a while actually since you put up a quarter like this, where a lot of things kind of all fell to the bottom line. I'm just wondering how you're balancing Spain. Last quarter, you talked about investments in the banks there. So something, I think, is clearly doing better. And I don't know if that's a function of your level of investment in that asset or the success of this innovation salespeople that you talked about. And then the International Acquiring business typically comes with much lower margins. And so if that continues to drive growth in the future and FX becomes a headwind, how should we be positioning the margin profile in the back half? And then I have one other follow-up.
David E. Mangum: Sure, Dan. To go in a bit of the order you described, the Spain ramp up in terms of sales investment is continuing a pace. The folks we're hiring there are not fully productive. We really don't expect them to be fully productive until calendar '12. What is promising are the early returns and the early sales results from those sales resources. So the pieces or the mechanics there are a little bit ahead of where we might have thought now. Frankly, in the grand scheme of total Europe, much less total international, much less total Global Payments, it really doesn't even round anything. But we are off to a good start. Of course, Spain itself again wasn't in there last year at all. Then we have that little bit of a marketing true up as we sorted things out with our partner there relative to some underwater merchants that dated back to the time of the deal. All that is all in the mix as we go forward. We don't expect another true up. So you should expect more of that. Moving to the U.K., you're exactly right on the International Acquiring business. Now in the mix of Europe with the relative profitability of the pricing benefits and the fact that we're taking market share in the U.K., that's been sort of massed as we speak right now in terms of the margin level. So that's an example of the business operating as planned. We hope to see International Acquiring business grow well. If it does that in tandem with the core business, that's great news. And really to go back to a question related almost to something Paul was saying earlier, I think, to Tien-Tsin's question, macro's tough in the U.K., You've seen the retail stuff. But we have a diversified portfolio there as we do in most of our countries. So we're still seeing market share gains really along the lines that you might hope to see from us from all of the other sectors while volume itself in retail may not be the greatest thing in the world right now. That's okay as long as we stay diversified across Europe and even within the businesses themselves. So the pieces actually work as you roll that all up into sort of the ball that is Europe, drives very nice profit. Now you made a great point about FX. Year-over-year helped us, and that was a part of what we would've expected. And FX frankly for us in Q1 was right on where we thought it might be. It's nice to be lucky sometimes on something that's completely out of your control. As the year goes on, we'll see -- the expectation of the dollar will strengthen against the other major currencies, particularly the euro as you might expect. What that will mean is we'll get a little bit of a benefit year-over-year in Q2. It will flatten out in Q3, and then will get clipped and will go the other direction for us so there'd be a headwind in Q4. Out of all that balance is how we end up driving margin expansion of the approaching 50 basis points now, and it was really part of the model when we started the year as well. So no huge change. We saw FX about where we thought it would be in Q1. We have a new jumping off point as of yesterday for FX. We brought that into our outlook. We still allow for the dollar to strengthen further against these currencies. Now the rate and pace, if it's a repeat of '08, we're obviously going to have a lot to talk about. But as long as it stays somewhere in the range of what we're thinking, then the pieces work and on balance, you'll see this big Q1 that sets us up with a fast start. And then we hold on as it turns the other direction come Q4.
Paul R. Garcia: And Dan, this is Paul, so let me just emphasize because that's an important point. And we've seen some discussion about FX in some of the preliminary notes. And the point is that FX headwinds have been figurative. So we're not suggesting that the dollar gets weaker here; just the opposite. We figured that in. Now if David said something dramatic happens beyond what he referred to in '08, was like a 30% swing or something, I mean it was crazy. Other than that, we're feeling very comfortable.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Excellent. And then just the last one, you talk about the direct business in the states. That's the first time I've heard you call that out in a while with any significance, at least in its order. And then what's going on with the local currency growth in Canada of 5% other than acceleration in the quarter?
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Dan. Jeffrey, why don't you take those?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Sure. Dan, in the U.S. business, we'll start with that and then we'll go to Canada, which was your second piece. So on the U.S. business, I think we've done a very good job over the last number of quarters in realigning our sales resources in the U.S. to make sure just like they are, for example, in gaming that our sales resources are dedicated to those verticals where it can make the most difference from a return point of view. So we focused management toward measurable sales goals, meaningfully enhanced quota as part of this fiscal year and I'm delighted that we're actually performing well, as David suggested, along those goals through the first quarter with our bank partners and in our other vertical lines of business. So it was a conscious decision by us to enhance the quota, to introduce new products and to measure performance as best we could against those goals and that's worked out well. Second relates to Canada and David can comment on FX movements. But second as it relates to Canada, very similar to the U.S. We've refocused our Canadian business to minimize attrition trends that we've seen in Canada over time and to similarly realign our sales resources in a way that also expands our quota. And just like in the United States, we're very pleased with the quota of revenue performance in Canada through the first quarter.
David E. Mangum: Yes. Dan, this is David. Maybe a little more color. In U.S. dollars, obviously, we got a fair amount of help from FX, but your question was about local currency. This is really right about where we hoped Canada would start the year. We were hoping for sort of a stable Canada, again Q1 coming out of the stable Q4. We think we saw that. We have comparables in the prior year that we think allow us then to have a -- this solid kind of stable outlook for Canada for the full year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Brendler with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Could we just talk about the U.S. for a second? I think I heard a transaction growth of 12%. I think it was 17% last quarter. Anything unusual in there? Are we're seeing a little bit of a slowdown in the U.S? Can you just give us any color?
David E. Mangum: Yes, I'd be happy to, Chris, this is David. There really isn't a slowdown inside of the company as you might imagine. We tend to look at this on a per day basis and we don't talk about that a lot. But the reality is we had, I think, 3 less days Q1 of this year compared to last year. Without that change, we normalize it again on a per day basis. You'd see it right in the range of what you -- what we reported last time, so we still think we're seeing perfectly solid growth in the U.S. And we think when the days get straight, you'll see that come out of the metrics as we go forward the rest of the year.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then my second question would be on Durbin. Can you help to mention at all what the margin impact will be in the U.S.? We know -- I think we know it's going to be a negative -- your reported operating margin should be neutral to EBITDA and cash flow. We're just -- how much of a margin hit are we talking about in the U.S. once the indirect side of your business starts to benefit from the Durbin impact? And maybe qualitatively, do you have any feel for at this point what you're ISOs are planning to do? I mean, I know it's going to be difficult to have those conversations, but do you think you're going to see a lot of that pass through? Or do you think those are to keep a level initially?
David E. Mangum: Yes. I'll do the first part and let Paul answer the second part of it, Chris. We're going to stick qualitatively in terms of characterizing Durbin or any of its impacts to our reported results on this call for any number of reasons. You understand the complexity from a marketplace perspective for the introduction of Durbin and none of the constituents, Global Payments included, knows what we don't know about the impact. So we will act in January of what we see actually in Q2. Having said that, we certainly know that any piece of Durbin that our ISOs key will be reflected as both revenue and expense to Global Payments. So we will be very clear, we think, in terms of reporting that margin impact. So we'll have our reported margin. It will be what it will be. We'll be very clear about the impact with and without the spread changes related to Durbin. And we'll calculate that and we'll show it to you in fairly obvious fashion so that you can see how the underlying businesses perform and how we're doing against our original goals and our current expectation which, of course, exclude the impact of the spread changes due to Durbin. So quite honestly, if you have an assumption or review market-wise that the ISOs will -- may keep a substantial portion of Durbin, you might actually expect to see an awful lot more revenue and a lot more expensive, pretty big margin impact on Global Payments. And as I said before, we will do our best to disclose that to you as clearly as possible so you can take a look at the underlying performance of the business with and without that spread impact. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia: And I would add on to that, that the one comment I think you made, Chris, was that this would be neutral to EBITDA. I think we -- we never said that. We're saying that this will have a positive impact, we just don't know exactly what that means. And we are, in fact, going to -- we are in new ground here and we're taking a conservative approach and we're trying to probably reduce expectations on what that is. But it's clearly positive, absolutely positively end of story. And the guidance does not take that into consideration. Now in terms of what the ISOs are going to do, I think David's right. I think that a conservative assumption would be that the ISOs are going to be more aggressive. The ISOs are the smaller customers that are going to be more aggressive. Our own portfolio, our big guys and medium-sized guys, which is a very different footprint.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I didn't mean that was part of the indirect channel when I was talking about the margin pressure -- benefit. One more if I can slip one more in, is there any thoughts on the BMA situation with a $5 debit fee? Just from your opinion there, do you think it's -- we're going to see an impact on debit volumes as more banks start charging for debit cards?
Paul R. Garcia: Sure. Chris, I have to be honest. I just don't know. I think we all predicted this. We've seen this movie before. It was played in Australia, and this is precisely what happened. And we all said that. So if anyone is feigning surprise, I think they're being a little disingenuous. I absolutely -- we knew this was going to happen. This is one of the reactions we thought the issuers would have. It's a commercial reaction, and I think this will play itself out. What kind of impact that has on usage remains to be seen. And that is why we are being very cautious in disclosing anything other than actual. Let us get a quarter, let us see what this really does and we're going to share what's important with you. And I think that is the most responsible approach at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Sequential growth in Asia was a bit weaker than usual, especially looking at some of the seasonal patterns. Maybe you can talk a bit about that. And then I have a follow-up after that.
David E. Mangum: Sure, I'd be happy to. I guess I'd point out it was still 18% growth year-over-year, so we feel pretty good about the growth overall. Sequentially, you'll see changes in patterns based on consumers and spending. As you well know, Moshe, that's a big travel and shopping series of markets for us. So we don't see any real weakness. We saw a little less DCC than we saw the quarter before, which may indicate just the timing of certain travel, business travel particularly. But really, no single thing stands out in terms of the pieces. And as we look out for the rest of the year, we're right on track where we thought we'd be this year in Asia as well.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Should we accept -- should we expect acceleration on sequential growth and ongoing basis out of Asia? Obviously, this has been a very strong source of growth for the company in the past, that's why I'm asking.
David E. Mangum: Yes, let me phrase it to you in a slightly different way. If you're talking about the rate of sequential growth, don't know; won't or can't promise that. We expect to see sequential growth in Asia really the rest of the year. Some of that will depend on the timing of any other product growth or anything else that goes on in the market. And as you well know, we are fully rolled out in our DCC across the regions. So really everything is kind of in the run rate now. We'll hit in the later quarters some grow over challenges on the year-over-year basis. You'll recall we had a major retailer introduce brand-new products in the Asian market starting Q2 of last year and outsized growth continued in those markets Q2, Q3 and Q4. So we'll hit some grow over on a year-over-year basis. But yes, I do expect sequential growth from Asia into Q2, again into Q3. And then Q4 sometimes in Asia isn't quite the seasonally Q4 you see in the rest of the world. So it will -- may look like Q3, but this is all the outlook now. We'll be back with more updates in January. But we expect a very strong year with Asia where the only thing to talk about relative to the growth is just growing over the full introduction of DCC region-wide and the single retailer from last year.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. Is there a way also to quantify the benefits from the pricing increases in the U.K. on the P&L with its revenues or markings for the quarter?
David E. Mangum: I'd point you back to Q4 when we were walking. We're really -- actually, frankly, end of Q3 of '11, we were walking to the mechanics of how Q4 would look and what the jumping off point would be for 2012. I point you there because we really aren't breaking out the individual pieces of the revenue performance, particularly given that we're essentially on track with everything this year. So as we headed into Q4, we talked about a number of things happening in the U.S., Greater Giving seasonality and some of the other pieces of the business. Then we talked about the U.K. pricing benefits in the full quarter of Q4 being a couple to a few cents depending on how you're modeling and how the pieces came together. You obviously take that kind of pricing increase and you model in some level of attrition, modest attrition. We're seeing some of that as we head into Q1, but it's right on again the way we modeled, which is certainly fortunate for us as we start the year. So I realize I'm really giving you a qualitative answer to an empirical question, but it's really as far as we can go on the U.K. right now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays Capital.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just can we touch a little more on the margins on the International segment? I mean, pricing in the U.K., I know was implemented last quarter. And you previously have suggested that la Caixa is still building out, so the expenses are still there. So really maybe what actually is driving the seemingly material pick up in the international margin side? And can you just comment on these -- how sustainable that is?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. In addition to your point about U.K. progress, Darrin, a couple other things in the quarter. Currency is our friend if you're looking at this on a year-over-year basis, so that's a chunk of this. And it's a chunk that we expected and a number of you and your colleagues expected as well. The other piece is this marketing true-up in Spain, which is a big chunk. I said over 1/3 of the international margin expansion comes from that alone. That part isn't sustainable. It's a true-up. We move forward just running the business together with our terrific partner, Caixa Bank, there. But that particular item does not recur and that's part of why when I was describing earlier to Dan's question we have good guys helping us with FX and the margins. We got off to a hot start and then we kind of hang on and execute well over the rest of the year. That's a piece of it. The FX is a bit of a similar story to the Spain in that Q1 is a helpful quarter on the way to Q4 being an unhelpful quarter, if that's a word. So those 2 pieces don't necessarily sustain. You get back to raw business performance driving expansion over the rest of the year.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right, Dave, so I mean, like you just said, 1/3 of the -- now that's 1/3 of the year-over-year increase or the sequential increase?
David E. Mangum: Year-over-year.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. So 1/3 is from that Durbin in Spain. How much of it would you say is incremental from last quarter on the pricing in the U.K.?
David E. Mangum: Conceptually none, because the right thing doesn't hold it 100%. So you come back to, again, business performance generally. And again, we're off to a good start. As Paul pointed out in an earlier comment, Global Payments Europe and Russia are all contributing at the margin. U.K. is executing well and Spain is off to a good start.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's great. One follow-up on the spread in the U.S., the spread between transaction growth and revenue growth seems to have discontinued to narrow to the point where it gets actually almost the same now. Isn't it 12%?
David E. Mangum: It was for this quarter, yes.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I mean, historically, there used to be a pretty big gap, right, where generally transactions were far outpaced on the revenue side. Should we expect to continue this for modeling purposes?
David E. Mangum: No, I don't think you should for 2 reasons. One is we have a transactional growth anomaly this quarter on a year-over-year basis. Transaction growth of 12% reflects a quarter where we had 3 less days than the same quarter last year. On a per day basis, you'd find us more in the mid-teens, more in the range you've seen in the last quarter or so. So that would give your gap of let's call it mid-teens down to 12% revenue growth, which should feel a little more logical to you. Now if you hang on to that for a second, the second part of the explanation is the other business lines in the U.S. are growing well and growing faster than your model will demonstrate historically. By that, I mean the Gaming business where we signed a large account away from the dominant provider in that space, our Greater Giving business growing on the order of double digits depending on the quarter and our Direct business, as Jeff described earlier, really performing well this year. So those 3 things that married to an ISO growth you already know is double digits, means that the revenue growth is creeping up, and total U.S. revenue growth, excuse me, Darrin, I want to be clear. The total U.S. revenue growth is indeed creeping toward the transaction growth, but that's actually a good thing. It means all the business units are executing, driving total growth will be a little higher. And then the transactional method, you'll find that GAAP will be a little less when all the businesses are firing on all cylinders. Contrast that with the time and say gaming is not performing as well 2 years ago and you'll see a wider delta, wider spread, between revenue growth and transaction growth.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Would you mind, Paul, if I just squeeze one last in around Durbin and some of the changes we have seen really quickly? On the front of 2 things, one on the Durbin -- on the new interchange schedules introduced by Visa and MasterCard, especially by Visa with the small ticket items, obviously you're seeing a much -- I mean, more material increase on the fixed-price material on small ticket items now. Have you seen any or heard any push back from smaller merchants on that front?
Paul R. Garcia: Darrin, that's a very perceptive point. And I have to tell you, no one's really talking about it and you are exactly right and it's almost an unintended consequence. But the bottom line is that if you have a small average ticket and we have particularly some ISOs that have merchants like this, not so much us. But you have an average ticket under $10, this is going to cost you money. Your rate is actually going to go up about 30% on the interchange level, particularly on the Visa side. MasterCard almost as much, but not quite as much. So I think the answer is we haven't really gotten kickback on that yet, but I think you will. I mean it's certainly not as advertised, particularly by some of our competitors. Not everyone is going to get a rate decrease, even if you give 100% of it back.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. And still no color from Visa or anybody on the network participation fee yet? Still waiting?
Paul R. Garcia: Well, we are having ongoing dialogue and I would say that there is some positive developments, but nothing we are prepared to share with you at this point.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to come back on the margin. Just to clarify, specifically in North America, is there any change in the full year fiscal '12 operating margin assumptions for North America specifically? I know obviously, overall margins, particularly in the guidance up there, which is great to see, is that all driven by international? Or is there any change in the North American expectation as well?
David E. Mangum: Yes, Jason, it's David. I guess it somewhat depends on where you're modeling in the range and how the pieces work in the assumption. Most of the upside indeed comes from International, but we're off to a nice enough start in North America that we think it can be a contributor as well. But certainly, most of the answer is international.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That makes sense based on the help you got in Spain and so forth in Q1. Just a follow-up on the balance sheet. Obviously, market valuation moderated quite a bit since your last call. I'm just curious, have you guys seen that reflected enough in seller expectations to make conversion of your M&A pipeline perhaps more likely over the next 3 to 6 months than you might have thought back in July?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Jason, it's Jeff. I'll address that one. The first thing I'd say about our M&A business is that we're very pleased with the amount of inbound deal flow. So as with most things, when you see a lot of volatility in valuations, that causes a number of prospective sellers to think about whether now might be a good time to reapproach the markets. They've seen the highs and they're worried about where the market's going. So I think we still get a very good amount of deal flow coming in, notwithstanding the volatility is the first thing. The second thing I'd say is with dislocations, especially outside the United States in the financial services markets, we would expect and we begin -- we believe that we're beginning to see more opportunities among financial institutions globally for asset dispositions to raise capital. So I think that's also another positive effect in our M&A pipeline of the volatility you're seeing in the markets. The last thing which I think may have been a principal part of your question is what will valuations do and is it harder or easier to get a deal than now. I would say volatility makes things a little bit more difficult because prices change fairly dramatically intraday or from day to day. But I haven't yet experienced that in terms of our pipeline, so I feel like we are entering this new quarter with a very good deal flow, good pipeline. I think we're optimistic that a lot of volatility, especially among FIs outside the United States, will lead to additional flow. So far so good.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Paul, one of the things we've heard about kind of into the quarter was perhaps that first day just backing off a little bit in the ISO channel from a competitive standpoint. Has anything changed in your U.S ISO business? It sounds like you're making headway in direct, but I'm wondering about that challenge which has been such a powerful growth driver for you. Are you feeling like that's maybe a little less onerous on a competitive basis than it's been?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. That's a tough one. I think that we really haven't lost any ISO momentum. We're growing around it, which is our plan all along. I think it's -- I'm not going to comment directly on first data, but I think I would say that I think it's fair to say that it is -- we've kind of reached a level where there isn't any significant movement with any of us in -- or significant momentum with any of us signing each other's ISOs. I think it's kind of stabilized. And I think pricing is probably one of those in all fairness, Andrew. So the ISOs continue to be a strong driver for us in terms of top line and continue to be the double-edged sword on the margin side. But at the end of the day, they produce some lovely earnings and that continues and I think it will continue for some time.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But maybe a little less of a headwind to the incremental margin than what you've seen in the past?
Paul R. Garcia: I think that is probably for this year, I would say. We're not forecasting any big hits in that. So yes, you're correct.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then with regard to U.K. pricing I think, David, in your prepared remarks you had mentioned that it held. I'm just wondering if I could be a little more color on that. Is there some thought around the sustainability of sort of the unbundled pricing as the competition on the market plays catch up? Or was that kind of a placeholder comment?
Paul R. Garcia: Andrew, we do think the unbundling of pricing is the beginning of a broader market trend. You'll find for transparency reasons and for regulatory reasons, you'll see more and more of that in the U.K. So we don't view this quite as the same sort of transitory spread change we've all come to see more often in various markets around the world from the big substantial changes. So we do think this is a part of a revised baseline for the market. We hope that it allows us to have some competitive advantage for new accounts that will help fuel longer-term as well as near-term growth from sales perspective and allow us to take some market share. But we do expect to see our competitors taking similar approaches on bundling pricing. Hence, we sort of conclude at the end of that, that as with any price increase, you get pieces of it back due to attrition, but you don't necessarily bring it all back given that we have now really much better linked the value we provide our merchants on a service-by-service basis, item by item on the invoice to the actual charging we give them.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it should -- we can think about it as being a tailwind to the next couple of quarters at least anyway, albeit a modest one.
David E. Mangum: I think that's fair.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I'll ask my 2 questions up front. They've kind of been answered, but I thought Id ask them again. Just on capital management, appreciate the dynamics of -- that you guys completed a share repurchase. But just kind of what are the expectations on a go-forward basis? And then just on the economy, I understand kind of the credit card or the card space is generally doing better than kind of the broader economy. But just, I mean, are you guys seeing any discernible trends if you look at same-store sales patterns outside of market share gains?
David E. Mangum: Sure. This is David. I'll try the buyback capital and let Paul speak a little bit about some of the macro trends we're seeing. I think we've been quite consistent and will remain so on our approach to the prioritization of capital deployment. We still believe the highest and best use of our capital is to deploy it for market expansion and global growth; acquisitions, partnerships, whatever we can do to drive global growth. We have also said before that we'll routinely buy back stock, both as a regular matter to offset dilution and opportunistically. Of course, it's difficult to define opportunistically in this market, but opportunistically as well. I guess I'd remind everyone we bought back in the spring of 2010. We just did this program now, all of this in the context of retaining our commitment to remain a version of an investment grade rated company, which we believe makes us the partner of choice for financial institutions and for our network partners around the world. That means an actual leverage of 2x to 2.5x EBITDA. So that's the construct within which we manage then the capital deployment. Again, back to first priority being global growth and expansion. Second thing, returning the capital in some other form. At any time, we're assessing our outlook on deals and Jeff described that a moment ago in answer to another question against other uses of capital. I think this quarter hopefully demonstrates to you that we're not averse to using some debt to buy back stock. We have a certain view of this and the return on it that doesn't make us shy away from using that little bit of debt to buy back stock. But it's unlikely you'll see us run up to our maxed leverage buying back stock either given the other growth opportunities we find around the world. So having said all that, it should not surprise you to see us back in the market buying back stock again sometime in the near term, but we're assessing all those pieces with those 2 clear priorities all the time.
Paul R. Garcia: In Sanjay's question about the general economy and are we seeing any discernible trends like same-store sales and is all of our gain coming from just market share gain, well, I think a meaningful portion is coming from market share gain. And I think to earlier questions, that's an important point because that is sustainable. We're just starting to get the fruits of some of those labors and we're feeling very good about that. I think depending on the sector overall, I would say no discernible overall trends. We're still seeing gains. Now you could actually have lower same-store sales overall, but credit is going to take -- credit debit take up a higher proportion so we can actually get an increase, which is typically the case. The softer segments are some retail and restaurants pretty much generally continue to be a little challenged.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to touch on North America EBIT growth. It's been mid- single-digit growth on a year-over-year basis the last few quarters now, which is a nice trend after some declines prior to that. But it's been about flat on a constant currency basis for the last few quarters despite what revenue trends you mentioned were pretty good across the direct channel, Canada, Greater Giving, those were all pretty positive. So I'm just wondering how should we see North America EBIT on a constant currency basis going forward. Is there a chance for that to start to grow again? Or do you kind of expect it to be more this flat, kind of flattish growth?
David E. Mangum: Yes, Dave, we expect flattish to modest growth and it will depend on the quarter and the timing of the sequencing of investments. North America has a number of features. It obviously has Canada, which we're looking to see sort of stabilize this year and we think that's a reasonable goal for that business. We expect the businesses in the U.S. then to push forward. At the same time, North America also sees some of the results of our investments in infrastructure and IT, which will then take you back the other direction. So by the time you're done with all the mix of what rolls into North America, you end up back to the number you're talking about. That's not a contribution margin of what's coming for the businesses. It really is an operating margin after some of the -- the true running of the business costs get allocated back toward North America and that holds it back a little from what you might be expecting. That doesn't mean we're holding it back from outsized growth, but the core results of the business, as reported internally, would look a little bit better in terms of the progress about what you're asking.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up, just touching on FX once again, I think when you last reported, the Canadian dollar was at nearly a 5% premium to the U.S. dollar. Now it's at a 5% discount. So that's a pretty material change, but it sounds like the change that happened is pretty much in line with your guidance. So is it fair to say if the Canadian dollar has held where it was when you last reported it, that would probably contribute to some upside. And now what we've seen is more in line with your guidance and if it would continue to weaken, that, that could contribute to some downside. Is that kind of the sum of everything you've said?
Paul R. Garcia: That's the sum if we look at the Canadian dollar in isolation. FX for us is really 5 currencies, 3 of which are really quite large in the grand scheme. But yes, your logic is correct. We didn't see anything that shocked us. We do have a new jumping off point, which allows us to take on a look at the rest of the year. I don't by any means mean to suggest we got everything right looking out for the rest of the year. We don't have a crystal ball any better than yours, in fact, it's probably not as good as yours. But yes, you're base logic, if you pick Canada in isolation, is correct in terms of how to think about things.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Glenn Fodor with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The last analyst day, you spoke about eCommerce as an area of focus. So I was wondering if you can give us an update there, progress and increasing share. What are your thoughts on the recent announcements by PayPal? And how would you expect eCommerce yields to migrate over time? I mean, large drop off over time, holding steady, possibly increase. Just want to get your outlook there.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Glenn. There's a lot of questions in that. So I mean, it's a little more...
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's par for the course for this call, though.
Paul R. Garcia: So it's -- I mean, the questions inherent in that are emerging payments, what's going on with that? Is PayPal friend, foe, ally? What's going on? And eCommerce, does that drop off or continue to grow? I mean, we're very bullish on eCommerce. We think it continues to grow. We need more exposure to eCommerce. And one of the reasons Jeff is here is to build our domestic exposure. Our international exposure actually is pretty good, and we're continuing to expand that as well. We think that it's obviously a huge growth area. We are putting resources, investments, product and personnel into growing that literally in every market, number one. Number two, PayPal is a good partner of ours and we absolutely think that our job is to deliver payments to our merchants. If there's something in it for us and we believe there should be because we can deliver lots of merchants, then we are, I would say agnostic is too strong of a word, but we are open if it's -- if their customers are interested in using it and our customers are interested in offering it, then we will be in a position to facilitate it. And the way we facilitate that would ensure that we share in that revenue steam -- stream in a meaningful way, in a commercial way, in a way that's not dissimilar to the way we're sharing in it today. So that's our plan, and we're seeing close to everything and every development on that.
David E. Mangum: And just to add, Glenn, a little more color, this is David. We have a meaningful eCommerce business in Asia that's doing quite well. We have a meaning eCommerce business in the U.K. We have real eCommerce opportunities in Spain over the medium to long term. You may have seen an announcement we had a few weeks ago where we introduced some solutions, really a full eCommerce platform for small- to medium-sized merchants that we'll be rolling out in the U.S. and in Canada over the coming months and then beyond that for the rest of the world. Similar solutions and partnerships are in process in all the other markets around the world. So we're attacking us on multiple fronts. In some cases, we're starting really with the first customer in some of these, but we'll be building it out and this opportunity isn't going away in the next year or 2, so we're building out toward long-term growth across the world in eCommerce.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tom McCrohan with Janney.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Can you remind us on how much of your buying is PIN debit and if there is a shift back to spending away from debit onto credit cards because banks are raising fees for usage, is that good or bad for you guys, and why? And then lastly, if there is a way just to give us the contribution this quarter from Spain because it's bundled in obviously with all the International segment.
David E. Mangum: Sure, Tom. If you're looking at the U.S., really our metrics haven't changed. We focus transactions, but it's a reasonable property, too.  [Technical Difficulty]  We're still at less than 10% of our transactions as PIN debit, over 50% as SIG debit. And the bulk of it, the remainder then obviously being credit. So that's -- those are really the basic splits. Now part 3 of your question before I got confused by the feedback was about Spain and the breakout. We're really not going to call out Spain. We really do manage the total Europe revenue line and look at the growth there. I'd point you back to when we first bought the asset in December. We talked about it being a little bit dilutive to GAAP earnings, a little bit accretive to cash, coming in as a relatively lower margin, contributing on the order of $30 million of revenue last year. And then we talked about our sales investment are ramping. We're off to a good start in Spain. We're feeling good about the pieces. Certainly with the marketing true up, it performed at a higher margin level than we anticipated for Q1. Then we go back to the how quickly can we ramp the investment in the sales force on the way to them creating margin leverage for us for the long term, and that really is the story for fiscal 2012 for Spain for us.
Paul R. Garcia: And I think, Tom, that the point about do all these forces in the market that we've seen playing out over the last couple of months and we'll continue to see, does that cause consumers to use their credit card more than they do a SIG debit or a traditional PIN base if it's -- and what kind of impact will that have. If that happens and it is volume coming from PIN base, that is actually good news for us. We make more money on a credit card than we do a debit card. Now of course we have more expenses associated with a credit card, charge backs, and there's a lot more to that. But a consumer has quite frankly more protections as well. But that's a different transaction. Although we have similar margins, we have higher revenues from that and it produces more EBITDA. So that would be a good fact, but it is not something we're taking -- we are modeling in, we're waiting to see. I personally think that could happen but let's see.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Can I ask you a quick follow-up on that on the protections? So do you think there is a possibility that the protections afforded somewhat on a debit transaction could be tinkered with by the card networks to accelerate more of a shift back to credit? I mean, the protections on credit is already better, but is there any possibility that the credit networks maybe because of -- due to pressure from banks just maybe remove all protections for debit just because the credit product is a more advantageous product for the banks?
Paul R. Garcia: Tom, I have to tell you I do not think that is a possibility. I just can't imagine. I don't think that would be in anyone's interest. The banks are interested in providing great services for their customers. I'm sure they have a huge amount of introspection before they introduce a fee. And they do that, I think, in a balanced way, too. I don't think anyone is going to mess with what's in people's wallet in any significant way in terms of the benefit. I just can't imagine that. And I would be shocked, appalled and in opposition.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes, I guess I only bring it up because you got Durbin out there again rattling the cages on credit, and maybe there's going to be more noise than fact. That may -- I just feel this headwind risk in actually next couple of months once again from all this noise coming out of Washington. And just wondering if that's something that could pop up and what the likelihood would be that, that would become a reality, but it doesn't look like there's any way that that's going to be a reality.
Paul R. Garcia: I just can't imagine, but it's certainly interesting theater.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Dodd with Morgan Keegan.
Robert J. Dodd - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: I'll try and keep it short. And it goes back to U.K. pricing. And if we look at Canada a few years ago, a big price increase. Most of it got, pretty much all of it got around to competitive issues over the next couple of years. You obviously don't think a big pricing or a big keeping of the Durbin spread would be sticking in the U.S., because competition would drive it out. So what is it that gives you the confidence in the U.K. where you've taken this price increase? And obviously, you think some of it's set away, but what gives you the confidence you think most of it will stick?
David E. Mangum: Primarily Robert, this is not a simple spread change. In fact, the spreads didn't change much at all. What you're talking about is mapping value for individual services on a very transparent and clear invoice in a regulatory environment that's asking for more transparency. So instead of a certain price increase, you may have changed the base. That doesn't mean it all lasts nor that it will last forever, but I do think it's fundamentally different than just a spread change in a given market at any one time.
Operator: Okay, thank you, and we'd like now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Garcia for closing remarks.
Paul R. Garcia: Well thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your interest in Global Payments.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time and ending at midnight on October 21, 2011. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial (800) 642-1687 or international participants can dial (706) 645-9291. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mangum - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jane Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffrey Sloan - President
Analysts: Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Glenn Fodor - UBS Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliot. Please go ahead.
Jane Forbes: Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2011 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for 1 hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in the public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as normalized and cash earnings, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized and cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K, dated July 21, 2011, which may be located under the Investor Relations area in our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone for joining us this afternoon. I am pleased to report that we delivered fiscal 2011 revenue growth of 13% to $1.860 billion, and normalized diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.77 or 9% growth compared to last year. These results reflect the top end of the range of expectations we previously provided.  For our fourth quarter, we delivered exceptional financial performance, with revenue growth of 22% to $520 million, and normalized diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.76 or 31% growth. This translates to a total company operating margin of 17.8% compared to 17.4% for the same quarter last year. Now for the highlights of the quarter, I continue to be pleased with our joint venture in Spain, which delivered better-than-expected revenue for the fourth quarter. We have begun investing in sales strategies like those we successfully employ in the U.K., and we have added over 50 salespeople. We believe these sales investments, combined with "la Caixa's" powerful brand and 5,000 plus brands footprint will drive considerable market expansion and long-term growth.  North America delivered revenue growth of 14% in the quarter, primarily driven by a performance in our U.S. ISO channel, substantial growth from our Gaming business and seasonal strength in Greater Giving. Canada also delivered favorable results as we anticipated. Our International segment produced another quarter of excellent results, with revenue growth of 49%, fueled by all regions. These results include the addition of Spain, benefits from our successful February platform migration in the U.K. and continued strong growth in Asia. Russia continues to deliver solid growth, and Central Europe performed well in the quarter as well. Finally, I'm pleased with the progress we made expanding our global footprint, and improving our economies of scale across the company. As a result, I am delighted to report that our current financial outlook for fiscal 2012 includes the expectation that we will expand total company operating margins by as much as 30 basis points. Please note that this does not include any impact from Durbin activity, but does include the negative impact of our growing investment in Brazil. David will describe this in more detail in just a moment.  I will now turn the call over to David. David?
David Mangum: Thank you, Paul. I plan to briefly review 2011 results, and then detail our fiscal 2012 expectations. During the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, currency changes benefited revenue and normalized earnings by $12 million and $0.04 per share, respectively. North America Merchant Services revenue grew 14% for the quarter, with U.S. revenue growth of 16% and U.S. transaction growth of 17%. Canada delivered local currency revenue growth of 2% for the quarter, with transaction growth of 1%. North America normalized operating income or EBIT dollars were up 7% for the quarter over prior year.  International revenue increased 49% for the quarter compared to last year, and operating margin increased to 27.6% compared to 25%. The elevated revenue growth was fueled by our Spain acquisition, while margin improvement reflects the successful U.K. migration and continued growth in Asia and Russia. For fiscal 2011, we reported $3.08 of cash earnings per share compared to $2.80 for a growth of 10% over prior year. Cash earnings exclude the impact of acquisition-related amortization, special and non-recurring charges, and their related tax effects.  We reported total cash and cash equivalents of about $1.4 billion at May 31. This balance is not representative of our actual cash available, as it results from our quarter ending after holiday weekend. Our total available cash at the end of the quarter was over $240 million. Finally, for fiscal 2011, we generated free cash flow of $303 million, representing 19% growth over last year. We defined free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlements, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. During the year, we spent $99 million on capital expenditures and we anticipate our full year fiscal 2012 capital expenditures to be about $85 million to $90 million.  Turning now to our current expectations for FY 2012. For fiscal 2012, we plan to report our financial results on a GAAP basis and on a cash basis. Please refer to Schedule 10 in our earnings release for reconciliation of our GAAP and cash outlook for 2012. From a currency perspective, our outlook for fiscal 2012 assumes that over the course of the year, the U.S. dollar remains about constant against the Canadian dollar, and remains constant or slightly strengthens against the British pound, the euro, the Czech koruna and the Russian ruble. We believe the aggregate effect will likely be about neutral to slightly positive to our earnings per share in 2012 compared to 2011. Fluctuations and exchange rates of course may cause variances to our outlook.  For the U.S., we anticipate overall revenue growth to be in the low double-digit range for fiscal 2012. We expect strong performance from the ISO channel but perhaps a slightly slower overall growth rate given the sheer size of the channel, and solid growth from the rest of the U.S. In Canada, we expect local currency revenue to be about flat or grow in the low single-digit range.  In total, we expect cash operating margins to be down slightly in North America, driven by ISO growth. However, we again anticipate North America EBIT dollars to grow. In Europe, we expect revenue growth of over 25%, driven by the addition of Spain, solid U.K. growth, and growth fueled by continued card adoption in Russia. We anticipate our Asia Pacific business will grow in the low to midteens as we annualize the robust performance the business posted in fiscal 2011.  We expect overall International revenue growth in U.S. dollars to approach 25%. We expect International cash margins to expand considerably in 2012, due to ongoing scale benefits across the region. We expect corporate expenses to grow as we now operate a fully functional service center in the Philippines and increased investments in our technology infrastructure. We expect our Global Service Center to be about breakeven in 2012 and provide savings thereafter.  In terms of the sequence of 2012 quarterly earnings per share, we expect first quarter cash earnings per share to grow over Q1 of 2011, but to be down a bit sequentially compared to Q4 of fiscal 2011. As the strong singular performance we post in Q4 settles down and our tax rate increases a little. We expect strong cash earnings performance in both Q2 and Q4, with less earnings in Q3. Based on our present outlook and with our current assumptions, we expect total company cash operating margins to be flat to up as much as 30 basis points compared with our fiscal 2011 cash operating margin of 20.9%. All of our financial expectations exclude the impact of potential Durbin-related activities, but include the impact of our increasing investments in Brazil. For fiscal 2012, we expect both GAAP and cash effective tax rates to be about 30%. We expect our diluted share count to approach 82 million shares. And now I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Garcia: Thank you, David. Based on our current outlook, we are providing full-year fiscal 2012 annual revenue expectations of $2.1 billion to $2.150 billion or 13% to 16% growth over fiscal 2011. We are also providing annual fiscal 2012 cash EPS expectations of $3.35 to $3.43, reflecting 9% to 11% growth over fiscal 2011. We plan to expand cash operating margins by as much as 30 basis points for the total company for fiscal 2012. All expectations, of course, exclude the impact of the Durbin amendment. Finally, I am delighted with our company's financial and strategic performance and our global market position. I'm confident that we will continue to successfully execute our strategies for growth in an ever-changing payments environment.  I'll now turn the call over to Jane.
Jane Forbes: Thanks, Paul. Before we begin question-and-answer session today, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to 1 and 1 follow-up in order to try to accommodate everyone in the queue. Thank you.  Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess my first question, the revenue guidance up 13% to 16%, it sounds like margins flat to up 30, but the EPS guidance I guess is only up 9% to 11%. So it sounds like, David, something happening below the line, can you help clarify that?
David Mangum: Yes, I'd be happy to, Tien-Tsin. There are probably a number of factors that we could go through in more detail. Below the line as you might imagine, just to speak specifically to your question, the biggest thing that happened to interest income or expense, the net gets worse as you go into the year. We'll have a full year of the debt associated with the Spain acquisition. That's probably the main thing and then tax is about flat. But if you indulge, and I'll go through all the pieces and see if all fits together a little bit better. And some as we repeat of the prepared comments, but I'll walk it all through with a little more color. You got your low double-digit growth in the U.S. and remember, that's the combination of strong double-digit growth in the ISO. With that comes the concurrent deleterious effect on margins and I'll come back to that a little bit later, when I get to the end of the conversation, but I want to point that out, that's kind of where we start out a little bit of hole on margins just in the beginning of the year, and then, really solid growth for the direct card business, more double-digit growth from gaming, so nice performance across the board in the U.S. we expect. In Canada, we're looking for a stable performance coming up of what we've characterized as stable Q4 of 2011. So there, we're really thinking we return to essentially market growth in local currency. That means roughly flat to perhaps low single-digit growth in local and that ought to turn into a little bit of help from FX. Now, we take that down to North American income, we do expect then cash EBITDA to grow but cash operating margin to decline due to the effect of the ISO growth and our increasing investment in Brazil. So if we part that for a moment and move to international, in the U.K. we continue to expect the core card business to grow nicely. We get a little help from repricing related to the back-end migration. And the part of the growth and part of why you're not seeing quite as much turn itself into the earnings line, is a lot of the growth you'll see in International and frequently, our U.K. business, is coming from the International Acquiring business, from which we're looking for a big year, and as you know, that operates at a substantially lower margins than the rest of the businesses over there. So all in, we think it's strong, local currency growth in the U.K., but a fair amount of that growth again comes at a lower margin from that international acquiring. We do expect Central Europe to return to growth in 2012, not material growth, but turning positive. Should be a nice change in trend, with Russia continuing its pattern of solid growth, tied to increasing card payment adoption and acceptance. Now of course Spain is the key to that revenue growth, and you know where we jumped off with Spain, which was for this year and in 2011, fairly modest cash earnings, dilutive to GAAP and normalized on the order of approaching $30 million U.S. or so of revenue for the year. We obviously expect that revenue to increase substantially, as we have a full year on one side and half year on the other. That said, with Spain, what we're doing is driving growth, but also, investing heavily in the sales force. So you have that dynamic that I'll ask you to recall as well. So that outside growth there, we'll fuel that over 25% growth in Europe we talked about. Maybe a little bit of currency help as well. But not all of those pieces fuel off a lot of earnings growth for obvious reasons. Spain, the plan what we can do there long term, is an example and international acquiring business. In Asia, we have a Dynamic Currency Conversion products fully rolled out. I expect to see growth slow a bit, we've talked about that major customer before where we've got the bulk of their introductory product growth really in 2011, but we get solid growth overall in Asia and continuing build on the margin line there. So then obviously total international then is set to approach 25%, and its expansion there, despite the moving parts I just described, it really fueled the total company expansion. It's really important for me though to reiterate, we do expect corporate expenses to grow. We'll see the impact of the fully operational service center, but also, increased investments in our technology infrastructure for data center and network infrastructure expansion and additional compliance. So you pull all that together and you aggregate all those color to the total Global Payments level, you've got the North America revenue growth low double digits, the EBIT dollar growth there, even including the negative impact of Brazil. Still the margin challenge created by the success of the ISO channel. Internationally, we've got the high revenue growth, significant margin expansion, but also a series of sales investment in places like Spain, and then you see the investments in our Corporate segment. Then you'll see again as I said before, the net interest expense increases, so we have a full year, the impact of Spain, tax rate is about flat year-over-year and there's 1 other below the line item that's really important to keep in mind here, which is the share count. So -- and I don't believe this is in very many models, but we expect shares increase to approaching 82 million shares with stock grants and just the normal routine things we do to operate the business. That will reduce incremental EPS in your model, frankly, quite substantially, at the high-end of the range. So those are the 2 below the line answers, our share count and interest to your direct question. The end result of that is the earnings range and the revenue range we discussed. So if you pull then, that back to the margin expectation, the flat to approaching 30%. Remember, we start off the year with substantial ISO growth that drives margins down, that's the starting point. Before we ever start with margin expansion around the world. And really, the way we thought about this 2012 outlook, so the way I think about it, is we've created a plan here that I think does a nice job of balancing the short and the long-term. By that I mean, we believe we have the business asset to executing the level that allows us to expand margins in 2012, but we're not solely running this business for 2012 results. We're trying to balance delivering good progress in 2012, we're also maintaining our focus on the long-term. To that end, we're investing additional data center, technology network infrastructure capabilities that I described, that we expect to support this business and drive the business for the long-term. We're investing in new products, including the ability to participate in the various mobile and alternative payment initiatives we all expect to see come to fruition over the next few years. We're investing in sales force capabilities in Spain and around the globe. Increasing our investment in Brazil, all of which are incorporated in this outlook. They may, these investments, provide headwinds to maximizing margin expansion in 2012, but we certainly believe these are prudent investments in sustaining our competitive advantage and increasing our leadership position in the markets we serve around the world. So sorry for the long-winded -- I thought I'd get to the whole thing from top to bottom, and lay it all out there.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: That's -- it's good to hear. I wish I could mix it all into the model as easily.
David Mangum: That's what we do later.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But I think that gives me a framework to work with. My follow-up and I'll jump off, I think it makes a ton of sense to not talk about Durbin, but obviously, that's a big caveat, after everything you just talked about. But maybe if we can just distill it down, is it safe to say that it's still sort of this neutral to positive impact? Even assuming the cost you have to bear to get compliant with the new rules?
Paul Garcia: Tien-Tsin, this is Paul Garcia. I think it's safe to say that it is positive. It's going to be a net positive for the company. Now as you said, we appreciate that, we have not included it. The truth of the matter is, Durbin, the whole situation is nascent. I mean it hasn't developed yet. And although we clearly have our own internal strategy, until all the pieces play out with all the players, we can't fully comment. But even then, Tien-Tsin, to be honest, it's October 1 that's affected. Even then, I don't think it's going to be in anyone's best interest for us to kind of parse all the components. But I will tell you, we will provide some appropriate color as the year progresses, and once again, it's absolutely a net positive for us.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Darrin Peller from Barclays Capital.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Just a first quick question on the European segment. When we look at the revenue increase in Europe, I understand there's now 3 months of "la Caixa" versus 2. But the increase was pretty substantial for that 1 month extra, which I'm assuming is mostly going to be the U.K. price increase which you alluded to earlier along with Russia, I guess. But I would have imagined that the price increase is almost entirely going to pass through to the margin. And so can you just help us understand the specific puts and takes on that area as to why the margin wouldn't expand more internationally? I understand there's some investment in "la Caixa," but how substantial is that?
David Mangum: Darrin, I'll walk you through the pieces because the geography to which you pointed is actually one where everything moved forward in Q4 on a sequential basis, particularly on the revenue line. Not all of it translated necessarily into earnings. So you put your finger on the first side, in which is the full quarter of Spain, and you've already modeled a view of that as we said before sort of modestly cash accretive. And then on a normalized, the GAAP side, not so much. You also have a strong fourth quarter sequentially in Central Europe, couple of nice one-time service and software implementations there, strong quarter in Russia and a very strong international acquiring quarter in our U.K. business. And remember, international acquiring is that piece of the business that operates at a lower margin. And then you lay the impact of the back-end migration and some of the recast of the pricing on top of that. So the pieces that contributed really were not -- the majority of this is not the price at all. In fact it's a minority item on the list. So it's a nice piece that aids in sequential increase in earnings per share, when you watch things tick up over the quarter. But it's just 1 piece of a puzzle that when you take the total company earnings, progress in Canada, progress in the U.S., progress in Europe, et cetera, those pieces all come together. So I think, obviously, it's an excellent question and that you think you'd see a little bit more drop. When you break it down to the product lines and geographies themselves, the pieces don't come together in quite that way.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: As a quick follow-up, I mean it seems like you've set, as a company-wide been set up for a year. I mean maybe, Paul, you can help me out with this. Set up for a year on the front with some benefits from "la Caixa," benefit from this price changing in the U.K., as well as potential benefit. And we somewhat benefit from Durbin. It seems like at least from that perspective, those perspectives you will have growth, decent growth rates, at least top line for the year. And I'd be curious to know what you're planning on doing? I mean what kind of strategic rationale do you have for the next year to help position yourself for continued type of growth in '13 and beyond?
Paul Garcia: Darrin, that's a great question. And I'll tell you that, that is part of David's answer for why aren't we maximizing margin in fiscal '12. What you heard him say is that if we didn't make the investments we're making, if we didn't invest in infrastructure, if we didn't invest in Spain, if we didn't invest in Brazil, if we didn't do the things that -- by the way, we're not breaking out. We are just sucking that up as part of our guidance, that if we -- and of course, have the reality of the ISO growth, but if we didn't do all those things, I think you would see much more aggressive margin growth. But those are investments that will allow us to continue to expand margins in the future. Also, we do have plans, they are proceeding to leverage our infrastructure systemically, our entire system's infrastructure, as well as the entire Global service center in Manila. Now this year, we're going to exit that without being a headwind. It becomes quite, a reasonable tailwind. So I think this is pretty well set up. Now once again the only thing I would disagree with, it doesn't include Durbin. Durbin falls to the bottom line kind of thing. And that's kind of to be determined what happens with that.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies & Company.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I just wanted to dig into the margins a little bit more if I could. 0 to 30 on a cash basis x Durbin I get that, help us understand on a GAAP basis, how margins are going to trend year-over-year, what would be the range?
David Mangum: The margin range is for GAAP, give me just 1 second here.
Paul Garcia: Jason, do you have a follow-up while David is doing that?
David Mangum: I think on a GAAP basis, Jason, you're going to find them ticking up a little bit as well, not wildly different from the type of numbers we're talking about for cash. So on the order of that 30 bps, could be a little bit less. Some of that's going to depend on the purchase accounting and amortization and what FX does there, and that creates a delta as you know. But generally, they track each other fairly well, kind of in all levels as we look at the rates, so the comparative rates, obviously the growth rate is higher in GAAP, given as we head into 2012, we no longer have the various carve outs we were dealing with in 2012.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, but the GAAP margin outlook there also excludes Durbin just because we don't know?
David Mangum: Yes, everything excludes the...
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a follow up then, Paul, maybe just to get your opinion on more of a -- an industry question post Durbin, and if we think about some of the anti-exclusivity provisions of the Durbin amendment, I'd love to get your thoughts on -- from the issuers perspective, how you think that they might comply there, and then how it might affect you guys? And what I mean by that is, do you think that they'll go to exclusive debit cards and rip off the existing PIN debit network and replace it with an affiliated PIN debit network? Or will they simply add an affiliated PIN debit network alongside the existing affiliated one to be compliant, if you catch my drift there?
David Mangum: I do. Jason, as I commented earlier, it is nascent. So I think we're waiting to see just as you are. I suspect though that we haven't heard the last from the card issuing community, including how many signature debit cards continue to be issued, and continued to be used by consumers. We don't know that. That's another piece of the equation. So I think there's a lot to be developed. I think there's some opportunities for the issuers here, you pointed to one of them. I think there's a requirement, that's the latter part of your statement that they're going to have to have dual bugs available. Therein lies, somewhat of an opportunity of course for the merchant acquirers. We have some opportunities to do something with that, not that I can comment a lot on that. But I think you follow that drift. So I think it's going to be a very interesting kind of year. And by the way, this isn't the last thing we're going to see here. I mean Durbin, I don't think hopefully, we'll see much more federal activity I mean at the federal level. But I think we'll see some non-legislative movements in all of these fees. I think that's a continuing trend. And that's, once again, a nice tail wind for all of us.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Just wondering -- I know a lot of questions were asked on the operating margin, but I was just wondering in the North American segment, how low could those margins go? I mean was all of the deterioration this quarter specific to the ISO mix? And then second question was just on HSBC, obviously they're a good partner of yours, and they've also been talking about some strategy changes. I just wondered how that affects you guys?
David Mangum: This is David. I guess I'm not too sure how to tell you how far margins can go. If the bulk of the growth in our U.S. business continues to be ISO-driven, and that means by definition, the bulk of the growth in our North America business is ISO-driven, they can continue to proceed down. I think what you're hearing us say is, we're putting together the assets worldwide to begin to be able to bend that trend and shape that trend a little differently as we head into 2012. We made a little progress on 2011, and we're going to advance the ball, we think in 2012. So they can continue to go down. I don't know how to answer the how far can they go, but I think I'm answering your question by saying, they continue to be down, given the revenue mix and the channel mix we have right now in North America. And then part 2 of the question?
Paul Garcia: Okay, before we get to part 2, Im going to ask Jeff Sloan to answer the HSBC question, Sanjay, but I would add to what David said 2 things: To Darrin's earlier question about how do we keep this kind of momentum going and what are the drivers for margin expansion and growth in the future? It's just kind of an interesting footnote. We just had our 10th anniversary, we are adding more revenue in fiscal '12 than the entire company produced prior to our spend, which is pretty extraordinary. And where that revenue in large measure is coming from is high margin, new markets, international. Now when David talked about international, that is a piece of the U.K. That's what we call the big, super large customers. But the overall margins from these businesses are just terrific. And that we're getting terrific growth from all the International markets and we intend to continue to capitalize that and expand it. We're getting great growth in reasonable margins from a U.S. business too, ditto with Canada. The ISO is a headwind and that's the way that accounting works. And we also have talked about providing more, some more color on as much of that as we can going forward and there are competitive reasons that we are thwarted to do so. So we continue to struggle with that. Now Jeff, would you answer HSBC?
Jeffrey Sloan: Sanjay, it's Jeff Sloan, I'll say a few things about your question on HSBC. First, they're a terrific partner of ours not just here in the United States but really around the world, so really is very much a multinational relationship. Not dependent on any 1 geography and were very pleased with our partnership. The second, as you know, and I think David and Paul just touched on this, we're really diversified by channel, by distribution channel here in the United States. We spent a lot of time just a second ago talking about the ISO channel, but we're not overly dependent in the 1 channel here in the U.S. and that includes our variety of bank partners. So as we sit here today, we're not troubled by anything that's been out in the press about anyone else's strategy, as far as we can tell sitting here. And obviously, that's something that needs to be played out over time. But we're very pleased on how they're doing and we'll leave it at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So just to sort of go back to -- and this is more for just my own education, Paul, I've heard you say a few times that Durbin is good for you, but I haven't actually heard you say why. Maybe you guys talked about this in the past, can you just walk through what the sort of 1 or 2 thoughts on why you guys feel this is good for you guys?
Paul Garcia: Yes, Julio, this is a bit of a slippery slope. So here's the bottom line. The Durbin amendment effective October 1, will, as the Fed defined it, even with the adjustments, will yield a pretty significant reduction, particularly in SIG debit, with a higher average ticket. And just to weight the nature of how this is basis points and cents per transaction, so it's pretty big reduction. Now with the great majority of our merchants, clearly our large merchants, in terms of volume, we have what's called interchange and assessment. So that's a passthrough. They get the full benefit of it. But the smaller merchants, you have discretion whether you give that all to them or not. The competitive nature of this business is such, and we've had 1 competitor that was very public about giving every bit of it away to every single merchant regardless of size. So you consider the reality of the competitive environment and you make decisions. But every basis point you keep is a basis point of profit. And you, of course, temper that with you don't want to lose that merchant. You want to offer a fair competitive deal. So that's the strategy we have in place. It's not a strategy, Julio, that we'd be well served discussing in a public environment or any environment except internal. And -- but just be assured that there will be opportunities for us to keep some of that appropriately. I mean the thought that a very large merchant and a very small merchant are treated exactly the same is not how it works in a free enterprise system. So we recognize that but it also does not mean that if you treat anybody inappropriately or unfairly, they'd vote with their feet. And our attrition numbers are something we're proud of, meaning it's very low. So very windy answer, is that Durbin is going to be beneficial for us for some pricing opportunities. It's also beneficial for us even if we gave 100% of it back, and that it takes a little pressure off of pricing renegotiations. You're having a very happy discussion at any level, whether you give some of it back or all of it back, you're having a very happy discussion with somebody and guess what, your rate is going down, in some cases, materially. So you're a merchant of any size, you're going to feel pretty good about that and you're going to feel good about us about that. So that's pretty much the sum.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So just my quick follow-up, to the extent that you guys can talk about any type of normalized basis point margin expansion, kind of after fiscal '12. So the flat to 30 basis points heard that for fiscal '12, I've heard everything in terms of what you guys are doing there, so that makes a lot of sense. But how do we think about this sort of beyond fiscal '12 in terms of sort of sustainable margin expansion trajectory? I mean obviously, there's always the balance of investments that need to be made, but do you guys foresee that flat to 30 as kind of the range or is there a different way to think about what the potential beyond margin expansion could be beyond fiscal '12
David Mangum: Julio, this is David, I think we're going to focus on fiscal '12 for this call and we'll come back to fiscal '13 and beyond. But do know that our comments earlier were directed -- we are trying to run the business for the long-term, as well as showing you how the assets of the business come together in the shorter term. But we're going to stick to 2012 on this call.
Paul Garcia: Julio, I will add one thing, we clearly understand it's our job to drive margin expansion. We get that. So and part of the beauty of the business is, it does have leverage opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Fodor with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - UBS: I was wondering if you can update us on competitive environment with regard to pricing and retention? Were there any notable wins or losses of partners in the quarter, and have yields changed on of your retained business at all?
David Mangum: So Glenn, it's David. At the metrics level, there is no change in trajectory and our key metrics, and particular, focused on retention. No change at all in any of our geographies and I can sort of say that across the globe. In terms of key wins, no single key win is necessarily material to us, so we really don't have a lot to talk about there, and you won't hear us list those off at any really given time. I'm -- sure Paul, you want to add to that?
Paul Garcia: I would say, Glenn, that we'd love to give you a list of those. Actually we had some pretty significant wins, but David is correct, it's not material, especially when we are talking about the numbers we're now producing. But we had a number of nice new signings literally in every geography, on major hotel groups throughout Asia and Europe. So a pretty nice merchant here in the U.S. Canada we did very nicely, we have a number of things we could talk about, but we could fill up a call with those, and I think I'm happy to say now, we're at size. But directionally, I understand the spirit of your question, and the question is, are we winning? We're winning deals and we're winning in every geography, and we're very pleased with that.
Glenn Fodor - UBS: I was wondering if you could shed a little color on any efforts you have underway for exploring growth channels in the U.S. outside of acquisitions. I mean can we envision any actions taking place that diversify the U.S. business? Perhaps a little bit more away from the ISO business to kind of water that down a bit?
Jeffrey Sloan: Sure, Glenn, it's Jeff. I'll answer your question. We are primarily organized by vertical here in the United States. I view our partnerships with our ISOs as a key vertical for us. But we think about go to market in terms of what verticals are we in and what verticals do we want to get bigger in. We're very proud of our gaming vertical, which David and Paul talked about in the press release. We're very proud of our Greater Giving vertical which we view as partly VAR in terms of what they do. So I would look for additional expansion in those markets in particular, Glenn, on an organic basis, with more investment in the Gaming business, more investment in things like Greater Giving. We've got a differentiated VAR proposition in that business, for example. We have some other large verticals that we currently have at the university level. Like here in the United States, at the community bank level, and I would look for us to grow bigger in all those areas. And we primarily manage it by those verticals, and that's how we measure quota and that's how we measure productivity. So I think it's less about verticals that we're not in. And finding new ones, and more about getting much bigger in the verticals that we're already in that we're pleased with.
Paul Garcia: Go ahead, Glenn.
Glenn Fodor - UBS: On the community level, is this looking at partnerships like you have with Comerica or something like.
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, I think we're very flexible. So typically Glenn, the way we do it is, we're very open with folks about how they want to partner with us. One is why Comerica, which is really a formal JV. We also have deals where they're just referrals and we have deals where they're really just revenue shares. But we continue to expand our community banking base of businesses, we used to use that as an example. And we are much higher today in that business in terms of number of referring branches than we were just a year ago. And I think our hallmark there is flexibility, I think that's something we're pretty good at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Kissane with Bank of America.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Paul, can you give us a sense of your appetite for stock buybacks and maybe, combine with that, the pipeline for M&A, and how you kind of balanced the 2 here given where the stock is?
Paul Garcia: Jim, our first and primary use for our dollars is to make acquisitions. And we are very focused on doing those all over the world and we hope to make progress in that regard every day. But stock buybacks from time to time makes sense, and we had those discussions with our board, and we executed a successful one not too long ago. So that's always out there too, but I would be misleading if I tell you to expect a huge one. I think it's more in line with kind of the dilution of options et cetera. That's kind of our general thinking. So first and foremost, acquisitions, and secondly, kind of tidy up some of that. David do you care to add a little on that?
David Mangum: I will. That's exactly right, just maybe a little more color, Jim. You will see us routinely buying back stock, you'll see us balancing that based on the priorities Paul described. The first is, being able to expand our markets on a worldwide basis by deploying the capital for growth. In the absence of that, as we build cash balances and you'll recall, I think Jim that the majority of our cash balances are still abroad. So we won't be repatriating cash in order to initiate a buyback, we balance the growth opportunities against the building balances and frankly, eyeball to stock price and think about returns, then we will come back to you on that. But for the moment, our capital is set to be deployed for further growth opportunities. We think that's the right priority for the company as it stands right now, but we will be routinely back in the market as time goes on.
Jeffrey Sloan: And Jim, it's Jeff. Just on the overall pipeline I would say that today in 2011, we've been very pleased with the amount of deal inflow that we've been seeing. So it's been a fair amount of volume that we've reviewed. I would say in comparison to prior periods, that's been quite equally distributed around the world, including here in the United States and including elsewhere. And I believe that we continue to be in a very good position to execute that strategy as I think I said probably a couple of quarters ago, I do believe that we're the partner of choice, and have been looking at a number of deals in the less number of months, I think continue to believe that
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: You're not carving it out anymore, but it sounds like the Manila startup costs continue, but probably more moderate pace. Can you maybe quantify what's left this year, and is it possible to kind of bracket what the investment in Brazil is for this year?
Paul Garcia: Sure, Jim, I'll add a little more color to each of those 2. You're thinking about the Global Service Center investment and exactly the right way. Where we are about as we enter the year is, it's not at full capacity, but it's fully operational. So as we add more resources to that center over the rest of the year, we'll exit 2012 -- we think fully productive and beginning to deliver savings for the company as we head into 2013. What that means in sort of financial terms is that for 2012, there is a piece of what I would call and hope this term resonates, an allocated overhead ,that's left over for the additional capacity. Additional seats and cubes and things like that, awaiting the next addition of employees over there. So that's a few pennies for this year. And frankly, the Brazil investment is right alongside it. A few pennies incremental for this year and those 2 create a little bit of headwind. But to your point, we're not carving out ,it's baked into the numbers on both sides in terms of earnings, as well as whatever it's doing to margins. But hopefully that helps size it a bit for modeling.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Koning with R. W. Baird
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: You haven't talked too much about Canada today and I know it's been a much more stable market in the last few quarters than kind of prior to that. I'm wondering on the margin side, even though you expect kind of flat to slight growth, is it still a very competitive pricing market, and if you expect margins to continue to trickle down a bit or is that also just stable just like the revenue?
Jeffrey Sloan: David, It's Jeff. I'll start with the market dynamic in the revenue, and David, I think we'll comment on the margin characteristics in Canada. So I think we ended up the fourth quarter exactly where we want it to be and what we said previously and David addressed that in his comments with a stable Canada and a Canada going in the right direction, not just in the fourth quarter but also for fiscal '12 in terms of expectations, which David laid out. I would say it's a very intensely competitive market. That has not changed most recently. But I do think our ability to be very competitive and productive in that market that adds to revenue, is something that we're very pleased with. And it's very consistent with what our expectations are heading into the fourth quarter, but also into fiscal '12. So I'd say from our perspective is we already want to be in terms of the goals that we laid out in the fourth quarter knows, probably in Canada, we moderate very closely in the event if anything changes, but we're pleased to be where we are from a revenue and a pricing point of view there.
David Mangum: And Dave, it's David. If you build on that the reality of the market is such that with that level of competition and a little bit of introduction if Isis at the margin that we've discussed previously, sort of by definition, the very high contribution margins we see there, which as you know are before the full operational cost we service out of the U.S. for that business, will be ticking down. And what Jeff has described as the kind of execution levels we're looking for to be able to manage that tick down in the greater context to Global Payments, and we think we're in that situation right now.
Jeffrey Sloan: And I think as David described in his prepared remarks, we've been able to add EBIT dollars on a consolidated North America basis, notwithstanding the factors that David just alluded to. So I think we're very happy with where we are ending Fiscal '11 relative to where we earlier in the year.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then just my follow up, just the U.K. benefits from the platform conversion there, is that something like the Canadian pricing a few years ago? Where kind of what the ISO described around Durbin is something that could be a big benefit now, but 12 to 18 months out, it might subside as it becomes more competitive. Is the U.K. platform benefit, is that similar to that, that 12 to 18 months out, some of the benefit gets competed away, or is that something that feels pretty stable for a longtime?
David Mangum: Dave, I would say more of the latter than the former. It's a little -- it's different, it's quite different from what we saw in Canada. So the answer to the question to be clear is this was more an adjustment, not a pricing increase. We were guessing on interchange levels, we were estimating payments, I mean estimating charges. This is a sophisticated system that in many cases, actually does produce a lower charge for a merchant on a certain transaction. We think these are very sticky, we of course, watch that very carefully. Now, is the business competitive, highly, right? It's a highly competitive market. But I would say just as action itself, with Canada, we were a little more aggressive, and that did have an impact on how long one can enjoy that, that's not the case. This -- it was commented on earlier, you see U.K. kind of carrying through, it does. And U.K. benefit will continue to enjoy that, we believe for fiscal '12.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Willi from Wells Fargo.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: The two questions I had. One, the first 1 on Brazil and then a follow-up. I'm just sort of curious, as you moved down the road with Brazil now, how would you gauge your thoughts about the trajectory of investments? Are you putting more into it now than you thought when you first decided to go de novo? Do you think that there is a likelihood for all the right reasons that you might even get more aggressive than you currently think to sort of a feel for how that's moving?
David Mangum: Tim, this is David. Right now, the investment is on sort of a run rate basis aren't materially different from what we described to you. They are incrementing up because we are working on multiple themes they want, in other words, we're bringing platforms forward, product forward as well, but they're not materially different from the trajectory. What we're talking about is annualizing the building run rate we've had over the course of fiscal 2011, and that's turning into the negative effect I described in Jim Kissane's question earlier. That's all pointing toward being in market and successfully matching the delivery of the platform to having some referral partners and some sponsors in the market to help us be able to execute in the market. To the extent we see initial success, we absolutely will move on that and essentially, accelerate investment. But that would be matched to beginnings of revenue delivery and real transactions and real volume. But again, gated by the idea that you said in your question, I'm just going to take it for the broader audience, it is greenfield. We're starting with transaction number 1, when that transaction comes through. So we've watched it very closely. We measure it very closely, and to be perfectly honest, we can throttle it, and that's really how we'll manage it as we go forward.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then my follow-up sort of touches on I guess Durbin, a bit. But given Durbin and issues around routing rules and arguably, two-tiered structures, then throwing in the rapidly moving mobile sort of payment environment. Paul, as you look out at how dynamic payments maybe has once become again here, and you think about revenue opportunities per transaction for global payments, whether it's new products and services, just being able to, I don't want to say confuse people or take advantage of it, but it creates windows to mark things up and sell new products, how do you think about your revenue per transaction on a go-forward basis? Because of payments getting more complicated as it may be what we've had to deal within the last couple of years? Does it open windows for you to create new products and services to maybe get more reps per transaction?
Paul Garcia: I think Tim, the long or short is the answer is yes. And I think in the barest cases, well it becomes more commoditized, I think exactly the opposite. I think precisely what you just said. I think that our job is deliver whatever the consumer wants to our millions of merchants worldwide. And those relationships with the merchants are key, our ability to provide those services are key and there's real value in bringing all of these parties together. These evolving parties, from PayPal to mobile payments to Isis, to all the things you mentioned and all the things we haven't seen with mobile payments around the world. That is our value proposition, and I am encouraged by the future opportunity to bring real value and make real money.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan from Janney.
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I had a quick question. The new IRS reporting requirements, can you touch on that? How prepared are you folks as far as complying with those new regulations and are those costs baked into your guidance? Is it something that could be called out next year as normalized?
Jeffrey Sloan: Tom, it's Jeff Sloan, I'll start with the operational side of what you asked, and the customers phasing side, and I think David will add a point of view on -- across. So as you know, the IRS rules go into effect on January 1 of '12, but this year it's been a data collection exercise to make sure that we have the ability to do TIN matching. So we've had that ongoing throughout the course of the year to clean up our systems, clean up our customers' data and make sure it matches with the TINs in the IRS database. So I would say, we're completely and fully prepared for the effective date of January 1 of '12, and that's been an ongoing process here for some time, in particular, including through calendar of 2011. So it's in operational now, it's very good about where we are. David?
David Mangum: And financially, Tom, the costs are already baked into this I mentioned earlier, an answer to 1 of the questions it might have been Tien-Tsin's early, that we have technology investments in network infrastructure and data centers and compliance, this is a piece of that compliance. So there are more costs to come. As Jeff said, we're feeling very good about where we are, we're ready, we've got more costs, we're coding things, testing things et cetera. But we are ready but the costs are fully baked in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Huff from Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: A little bit bigger picture question. I've been pleasantly surprised by the data we've seen from the Fed in terms of balances on credit cards and also some from competitors, studies that have come out. Both the volumes on credit cards and even debit cards, as well as the transactions continue to pick up nicely. But I'm most curious about credit. There's theories out there, one is that the top half of the spenders are not feeling the recession as much, and are therefore, getting more spend-y. The other theory is that the folks who are living paycheck to paycheck are now turning to credit cards as a financing vehicle again. What do you guys see and does that continue from a cyclical trend?
Paul Garcia: Brett, I'm going to give you actually kind of a worldwide perspective in all the markets we're in. We like what we're seeing, we're seeing and even when the economy was looking pretty dismal, we were seeing some pretty reasonable usage and volume numbers and average transaction numbers. So but we're seeing that actually improve a little bit, nothing went down terribly, but it's improving a little bit. So I share your optimism, and based on the data we've seen, it's looking by the way, there's a major thunderstorm here in Atlanta if you just heard it, that wasn't David falling over. So anyway, we too see what you see, and we're pleased with the data. David, would you care to add anything to that?
David Mangum: Our core metrics have remained stable for a while. We haven't seen a bend in the trend. But the developing surrounding metrics of the industry at large, I would concur with your opinion and your question as well. So hence our sort of view that things are rolling along, and staying in a fairly stable place, maybe with the opportunity to improve over some period of time.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then follow up is, we haven't talked, your growth was great and it sounds like it's going to be great next year, but in that mix, is in a whole lot of card not present, and I wondered, it was a little bit of a tangent, similar to the mobile question before. But how do you guys see that fitting into your strategy? I know you've talked about liking that kind of portfolio if you could find it. But how do we -- is that one of those verticals that you would be willing to get bigger in, I guess?
Paul Garcia: The answer is absolutely. And the ironic thing is, we're actually pretty big internationally. We have less exposure in North America to it. So we are focusing in one of the reasons Mr. Sloan is sitting next to me is to do simply that, Jeff, do you care to be our final word here before we wrap up?
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, around the world, Brett as Paul said, we actually have quite a few C&P, large C&P-related customers. Many in the retail and hotel areas as Paul mentioned. I would say here in the United States, Greater Giving, for example, through its ePhilanthropy. Some of our large retailers where we do multichannel distribution, both the physical stores, as well as on the Internet. Our good examples of folks we have relationships with in the C&P world. But Paul is right. One of my mandates and responsibilities here is to increase that for the sheer reason that, that's growing faster than the general market. So it's something we do now we feel like we're good at doing it. But we need to get bigger in it. And that's one of our imperatives as Paul described.
Paul Garcia: Both organically and inorganically.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions and answers. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Garcia for closing remarks.
Paul Garcia: Well, thank you, all, for joining us on today's call. We appreciate your support as ever of Global Payments.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today, at 7:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time and ending at midnight on August 5, 2011. The conference ID number for today's call is 76889256. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial 1(800)642-1687, or international participants can dial 1(706)645-9291. This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-03-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mangum - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jane Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffrey Sloan - President
Analysts: Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Glenn Fodor - UBS Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. John Williams James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Global Payments Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Forbes: Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments Fiscal 2011 Third Quarter Conference Call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO, Jeff Sloan, President, and David Mangum, EVP and CFO.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements as forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call.  In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as normalized and cash earnings for third quarter fiscal 2011 which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized and cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release for an issue of an Exhibit to our Form 8-K, dated March 31, 2011, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. I'm happy to report strong revenue growth of 15% to $456 million as well as normalized earnings per share of $0.63 for the third quarter as anticipated. We continue to expect strong fourth quarter results as well and are poised to deliver our full year revenue and earnings estimates.  Now, for the highlights of the quarter and some recent events. I am pleased with the initial performance of our joint venture in Spain, which is on track to deliver $25 million to $30 million in revenue for fiscal 2011. As we reported during our last conference call, we plan to pursue sales strategies similar to those which we successfully employ in the U.K. Accordingly, we have begun the process to add over 50 sales people over the next few quarters. When combined with the "la Caixa" brand and 5,000-plus branch footprint, we expect to drive significant market expansion and long-term growth. We are obviously delighted with the partnership we have formed with "la Caixa".  Speaking of the U.K., I'm pleased to announce that we have completed the migration of our U.K. merchant payment processing platform to the Global Payments back-end platform. This was a remarkably complex, multi-year process that affected over 145,000 merchant locations and added 13 currencies to our payment processing functionality. Concurrent with this migration, I'm also happy to report that we are now fully operational for all U.K.-related customer support functions in our Philippines call center. North America delivered strong revenue growth in the quarter, with U.S. and Canadian transaction growth rates of 20% and 7% respectively.  Our International segment produced another quarter of strong results, driven by the addition of Spain, continued strong growth in Asia and solid core performance in Russia, Central Europe and the U.K.  Lastly, we continue to make progress in our efforts to enter the Brazilian market, and we'll update you as further developments unfold. I'll now turn the call over to David.
David Mangum: Thank you, Paul. North American Merchant Services revenue grew 13% for the quarter, driven by U.S. Merchant Services revenue growth of 15%. U.S. results reflect continued strong growth from our ISO channel. Our expectation for low-double-digit revenue growth from the U.S. in 2011 remains unchanged.  In local currency, Canadian revenue was flat with prior year, and we expect similar performance for the full year. Consistent with our expectations, North America Merchant Services' normalized operating margin was 19.1% for the quarter as compared to 20.8% in last year's quarter, with EBITDA was up modestly over 2010.  International Merchant Services' revenue increased by 20% compared to last year. Operating margin increased to 28.2% for the quarter compared to 27.4% and now incorporates the margin-dilutive effect of Spain. Asia-Pacific growth slightly exceeded our expectations. Based on current trends, we expect revenue growth in the low 20% range from Asia for the full year. And given these results, excluding the addition of Spain, our annual expectation for overall International revenue growth in U.S. dollars has increased to mid-single-digit percentage growth.  Our total normalized company operating margin from continuing operations for the third quarter was 17.9%, down from 18.5% last year. Excluding the addition of Spain, our overall company normalized operating margin expectations remain unchanged for fiscal 2011. During the third quarter, on a year-over-year constant currency basis, currency changes benefited revenue and normalized earnings by about $5 million and $0.02 per share, respectively. Our outlook for fiscal 2011 continues to assume that the U.S. dollar remains constant or slightly weakens against the Canadian dollar and remains constant or slightly strengthens against the British pound, Czech koruna and the Russian ruble. And we continue to believe the aggregate effect will likely be about neutral for us in 2011. Fluctuations in exchange rates, of course, may cause variances to our outlook. We reported total cash and cash equivalents of about $1.3 billion, a somewhat fanciful amount as the large increase results from our quarter ending on a Monday, which means that cash balances included weekend merchant dollar volume which is then offset by a corresponding settlement obligations balance sheet line item. Our total available cash at the end of the quarter was over $235 million. During the third quarter, we generated free cash flow of $82 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations less capital expenditures and distribution to non-controlling interests. During the quarter, we spent $25 million on capital expenditures, and we now expect our full year total outlay to approach $100 million.  In December, we expanded our financing capacity with a new five-year, $600 million revolving line of credit, which replaced our previous $350 million line. We use the facility to pay off the remaining $150 million outstanding on our 2009 U.S. term loan.  Our GAAP and cash earnings are reconciled on Schedule 7 of our earnings release. For the third quarter, the company reported $0.71 of cash earnings per share from continuing operations compared to $0.63 on a normalized and $0.60 on a GAAP basis and compared to last year's performance of $0.65, $0.58 and $0.58, respectively.  Cash earnings exclude the impact of acquisition-related amortization, special or non-recurring charges and their related tax effects. We also provided a quarterly trend of cash earnings by segment for fiscal 2010 and 2011 in Schedule 10, with the detailed reconciliations on Schedules 11 through 13. We continue to expect Spain to add about $25 million to $30 million of revenue from the December acquisition date through this fiscal year and to be dilutive to GAAP and normalized earnings per share by $0.02 to $0.04 and accretive to cash earnings by $0.02 to $0.04.  Our normalized effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.2%, and we continue to expect our full year 2011 normalized effective tax rate to be about 29.5%. Our cash tax rate was 31.3%, and we expect our cash tax rate for the year to be about 30%.  Now I'll turn the call back to Paul.
Paul Garcia: Thank you, David. Based on our current outlook for normalized continuing operations, we have tightened the range for our full year fiscal 2011 annual revenue expectations to $1,800,000,000 to $1,820,000,000, or 10% to 11% growth over fiscal 2010. Our annual normalized diluted EPS expectations range for fiscal 2011 is now $2.70 to $2.77, reflecting 6% to 9% growth over fiscal 2010. Similarly, we now expect fiscal 2011 cash earnings per share of $2.99 to $3.06, reflecting 7% to 9% growth over fiscal 2010 cash earnings of $2.80. I continue to believe that our company is in great position to benefit from the ever-changing payments environment, and I am confident in our ability to continue executing on our growth strategies. Prior to going to questions, Jane Elliott wishes to make a comment. Jane?
Jane Forbes: Thanks, Paul. Before we begin the question-and-answer session, I'd like to ask everyone to limit their questions to one and one follow-up in order to try to accommodate everybody in the queue. Thanks for doing that, and Operator, please take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - UBS: It's Glenn Fodor for Adam. Now that you have the U.K. integration done, I just wanted to see what your plans were for pricing in the U.K. market, timing-wise. Is this something, I guess, that can be rolled out for the fourth quarter, is that for the full quarter? And can you help get dimension what kind of -- help quantify it and perhaps some color on the U.K. market on discounting and rebate, sort of part of this market, something that could get back on the pricing once it's implemented?
David Mangum: So, Glenn, this is David. I think what I'll do, if it works for you, is walk you through the fourth quarter and put the U.K. in context from that perspective, because I'm sure you along with many of your colleagues are thinking through how to put the pieces together for Q4 versus Q3 from a sequential perspective. So if you let me -- indulge me for a second, I'll step back and start with -- we've talked from the beginning of the year that we think a lot of this year's performance and growth is weighted toward the fourth quarter. Obviously, given the nature of our full year guidance and our Q3 performance on track for what we expected, hence, Q4, we think, is on track for what we have expected for quite some time. And really, Q4 performance is down to our expectations for our three biggest markets: that's Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. So I'll do them in that order. We expect Canada to grow modestly in the fourth quarter, to see more stable spread in volume trends there, as we've discussed all along. If we do, then we expect some help from Q4 seasonality. It'll give us some relatively substantial in Canadian terms sequential revenue and contribution improvement for the fourth quarter. In the U.S., we obviously expect that the typically strong fourth quarter from our ISO and our Direct Card Processing business, which we think will be augmented by the fact we'll see the bulk of our -- what we projected as double-digit gaming revenue growth in the fourth quarter, including the implementation and having live the large customer wins that you guys are all familiar with from earlier in the year. And then we obviously still expect a strong fourth quarter from our Greater Giving business, where an enormous percentage of our annual revenue comes in as the auctions hit sort of the spring season, which leads us towards your direct question, the U.K. And here in the U.K. in the fourth quarter, we're looking for good performance from the core business. And then to your question directly, we are putting in place our new pricing mechanisms at the beginning of Q4, so it'll be in place for the entire quarter, given that we've now successfully executed the back-end payment processing platform migration. So out of that, we should see substantial enhancement to revenue and earnings dollars and growth. To help you size that a little bit, if you're looking at your model, let's talk earnings now for a second, you're dealing with sequential uptick in earnings that's fairly substantial. The U.K. is the single largest component, but we do see other sizable contributions from the Q4 performance we expect from the U.S. and from Canada. So splitting the sequential improvement among those three, but with more weight given to the U.K. for Q4 than either of U.S. or Canada, it's how I suggest you should think about modeling, and that sort of is Q4 at a revenue level. Maybe I'll let Paul talk a little bit about the dynamics in the market overall.
Paul Garcia: Thanks, David. So Glenn, Paul Garcia here. So the answer to the question about the U.K. back-end conversion in particular, this will allow us to more appropriately price. The way the existing legacy platform works, the HSBC back-end platform, it doesn't allow us to appropriately price for varying interchange levels. When that platform was created years ago, they didn't have these varying levels, and the platform never accommodated it. So we're kind of guessing on where someone's rate should be. This will allow us to appropriately do so. In some cases, merchants actually will get reductions. But we will be assured what our spread is. And that's why David feels the level of certainty in discussing Q4, just based on our visibility and to just what our spread will be based on this new back end. Indulge me for one second, and one thing on the backend. This is a big deal. This is 145,000 merchant locations and years of work, huge amounts of complexity, massive effort from a lot of people around the company, around the world around the company, and we just couldn't be more pleased in the end result here.
Glenn Fodor - UBS: Just a follow-up, in the past, you laid out some expectations for fiscal '12 margin expansion, then you hedged a little bit on another call, noting that was pre-Durban and pre-Brazilian investment, if I captured that correctly. Understandably so. But at this point, can you provide any update or color on what your expectations might be or when you might be ready to reintroduce some color there?
David Mangum: Yes. Glenn, it's David. I think we'll talk about 2012 as we traditionally will, on the July conference call as we post our Q4 results and talk about expectations for 2012. Our outlook, in our view of the business, remains unchanged.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kartik Mehta from Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Dave, could you talk a little bit about, or the margins in the Merchant business. I know what you said to look for fiscal '11, and I'm wondering maybe what the impact of the ISO business is having on that, considering you have so much growth in the U.S. business?
David Mangum: Well, I think, Kartik, the impact of the ISOs on our margins in North America continues to pace. We weren't surprised, and as we said in previous quarters, we really think our exit Q4 rate in North America margin looks a lot like last year's Q4. So we haven't been shocked by the development in terms of the channel and the mix. In fact, we have a Gaming business on track that operates at higher margins, as you know. Our Direct business is executing solidly this year. And our Greater Giving business via the old Auctionpay is on track for the Q4. But the real way to think about the ISO business, as you well know, is challenging incremental margins relative to total company margins, hence an overall sort of deleterious effect on North America margins on a sequential basis. No real changes, no changes to trend there. I would imagine your model, given the diligence you put into it, is probably right on track with that North America margin right now.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then, David, to follow-up on Canada, obviously, last quarter you put in a price increase or a fee, however we want to state that. In relation to that, have you seen a tick-up in attrition at all, or do you anticipate that over the next three quarters, three or four quarters.
David Mangum: Yes. Let's step back and talk about Canada for a moment relative to price. We actually have not put in price increases in Canada into our direct merchant base. What we have is introduce some new product, with which came different fees, different reporting products and some things like that. So no, I actually -- when we look at the trends, and I'll let Jeff comment as well, we haven't seen a sea change in trends in attrition in Canada.
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, David. And for Kartik, I would just say that Canada remains a competitive market, as it has been for some time. And that has not really changed it in the recent term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Could you talk, I guess, just a little bit about the ongoing question around M&A and capital? Obviously, you've got a joint venture on the books here as of December and just sort of what that environment looks like, given what's going on in the credit markets, sort of the reemergence of private equity deals? And how you think about that maybe over the next six to nine months?
David Mangum: Tim, this is David. The question is about capital, I mean, I think we have prudently deployed capital on our own over the course of the year with some selected buybacks, and obviously, the Spain transaction. So from our capital perspective, we're right on track for original plans and our outlook. I may let Jeff comment a bit on M&A pipelines and things like that.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes. Thanks, David. Tim, it's Jeff. We continue to see a pretty healthy flow on potential M&A transactions in our business. Private equity, as it was throughout 2010, remains a good competitor of ours as we look at these deals. We do think, though, that we've got a number of advantages relative to private equity. David talked before in his prepared comments about the redo of our capital structure in December of 2010, where I think we've got a very favorable capital position, as he just mentioned. And we've got a long track record of successful, I believe, integration and execution on end market deals. So we rely on that when we look at these transactions. So while private equity is always out there and is a very good competitor, we actually feel we've got a bit of a leg up. I'd also say when things go the private equity route, it's my perspective, Tim, that's actually not a bad thing, because we generally tend to see those transactions again as they look for an ultimate exit. So all that may have a good or a negative effect on pricing per deals. At the end the day, the one thing I'm confident of is we'll take another look at it at the right time. That's far better from my point of view versus a deal going to a direct competitor of ours.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Koning with Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: In North America, the EBIT dollars have been down. I think they were down about 10% from the first half and now they're up little bit year-over-year in Q3. I'm just wondering, is that sustainable now growth in North America? And are all three components, the ISO components, the U.S. Direct and Canada, are all three of those now in growth mode?
Paul Garcia: So, Dave, we'll stick to the outlook for '11 where we have discrete financial expectations. And if you look at it that way, we did indeed see some modest EBIT uptick in North America. We obviously, if you think about Q4, expecting to see north of that kind of uptick in Q4 relative to our Q3 uptick. But I would tell you the bulk of the Q3 really is U.S. It's across the product lines in the U.S. Remember, Q3 is still sort of one of our stabilization quarters for Canada. But our Q4 implies that each of the two portions of North America, the U.S. and Canada advance their EBIT on a year-over-year basis. So hopefully, we are, as we've discussed a number of times, exiting the year with Canada in the place we want it with the U.S., the combination of ISOs, but really also marrying to the gaming performance as well as the Auction or the Greater Giving performance all being in pretty reasonable shape.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then just a follow-up. Typically, Q1, and I know you don't want to get into next year, but Q1 is typically $0.10 to $0.20 better sequentially than Q4. Is there anything in Q4 this year that's much better than normal? I mean, you obviously have a really nice sequential ramp into Q4. Is there anything not seasonally normal that's falling into Q4 this year?
David Mangum: David, I think I'm going to stick with -- we're staying with fiscal '11. We'll come back to fiscal '12 when we talk about fiscal '12.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Kissane with Bank of America.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you provide a lot more color on the strong performance in Asia? And it seems like your guidance implied a pretty significant deceleration in Asia in the fourth quarter. Just trying to get a sense of in terms of why it would decelerate so much from the third quarter.
David Mangum: Jim, happy to. Remember, our performance in Q2 in Asia was fueled by a couple of things -- the most material which I'll come back to at the end, but the introduction of Dynamic Currency Conversion in a couple of markets and then continued solid core growth, all augmented by the couple of product introductions by a single retailer, retail we serve in several markets in Asia. So those -- as we sat in Q2, at the end of Q2, and talked to you guys in January, we believed those introductions were essentially over. We saw one more introduction that resulted in outsized growth in the first month of the third quarter. And then we saw the subsequent weeks, subsequent months settle back down to what you might think of as more normalized kind of double-digit, mid-teens growth across Asia. So as we exit Q3, we're looking for Asia to settle back to a normal range you might have modeled at the beginning of the year, when we were unaware of this launch on its way. So really is this sort of single retailer we've talked about before, one of the few brands that can really introduce a new product and drive a lot of volume in a rapid time frame, but we've seen those introductions. They're settling back down. So our exit rate, again, as we leave Q3 is a normal kind of growth rate, and our outlook for Q4 is a normal growth rate. Hence, it will decelerate, but it would decelerate back to what you would have expect anyway, really, from our Asian business.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, I mean, because you had indicated it would decelerate coming off the second quarter, and it didn't decelerate much. So I'm just trying to get a sense, are you being conservative? And this doesn't count as a question. Can you update us on your progress moving work to Manila and when we'll see the impact on your margins?
David Mangum: Yes. So in order, your half-follow-up and your follow-up, we did see -- you are correct. We expected a deceleration in Q3 in Asia growth versus Q2. We did see that. It didn't decelerate quite as much, because we had this spillover into the first month of the quarter. So Q3 performance is a little north of what we expected, not wildly north. Hence, you've seen us take our full year Asia expectation from about 20% to the low 20% range, putting it between, depending on how you want to model us, between 20% and 24% and 25%, something like that, so not a lot of shock. But you are correct. You're factually accurate, the spillover for one month and a little better performance in Q3 than we might have expected.
Paul Garcia: Jim, Paul Garcia. In terms of Manila, so we have the entire U.K. customer support operation there. We have elements of non-customer phasing for the U.S. in Manila. And quite frankly, this -- and of course, is supporting a lot of Asia. This facility does have the ability to do a lot more for us, and we are kind of looking at those opportunities. And we think that's some future upside, and we look forward to take advantage of that in a way that provides the best customer support we can provide.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller with Barclays Capital.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: First, what was the spread between transaction growth versus the 15% revenue growth in the U.S.? And I know you mentioned Asia might decelerate a bit, but still, why would we expect overall company year-over-year growth decelerate from a 15% range in the third quarter to now 8% and 13% in fourth quarter based on your guidance, especially with price increases in the U.K?
David Mangum: Okay. Transaction growth is about 20%. The revenue growth is obviously, south of the delta, is roughly pricing along with really mix at the end of the day. In terms of overall reduction in percentage growth year-over-year, that's really part two of your question. Really, if you think of the components, and really we're talking about it more sequentially, but I'll relate it to the year-over-year, you will see Asia's sequential revenue decelerate, which means you'll still see solid growth year-over-year. You'll see solid growth in Europe, obviously, with Spain added on top of that. At then end of the day, we're looking for a little bit of modest growth in Canada and then solid ISO growth in the U.S. Not all those generate the same sort of incremental margins, and that's how the pieces come together from an earnings perspective. But in terms of sort of deceleration overall, you'll just say decelerate the parts and pieces to get to that point. If you go market-by-market, I think you end up in a place where your model's pretty solid there.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Okay. I mean, it just seems like the U.K. business would have more than offset the deceleration in Asia, I thought, and with Canada accelerating sequentially year-over-year as well. It still seems, I think, it would be higher than 8% to 13% range, but we'll work through a little more detail.
David Mangum: Well, I think, the variable is always going to be what do you think the ISOs are going to generate. And those, of course, come with not as much earnings impact at the back end, and that is always the wild card. The opportunity for our performance on this outlook really comes from ISO fees, and those are very difficult for us to guess, and as you know, we are typically thinking long and hard before we put a bunch of ISO fees in we're not sure about.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then a real quick follow-up for Paul. Can you comment a little bit more on China UnionPay and how things are going there?
Paul Garcia: Sure. So, Darrin, we have a robust relationship with those guys around the world and, as I mentioned, I think, in a previous call, we process billions of dollars for CUP all through Asia and have a strategic relationship with them and a lot of European and North American locations as well. Now China, which I believe your question is focused on, as you know, we're the only guys that can do -- the only non-Chinese company that can acquire renminbi CUP transactions in the People's Republic of China. So we're in the process of building out more functionality into our product offering, coupling CUP with Bankcard, and we are offering that currently in Beijing. It's our desire to operate in other parts of China. We're making progress on those geographies, but we actually have some more progress to make on the robustness of the product, too. So it's kind of a two-pronged attack. And I'll keep you informed. I think the long and short of it is I could not be happier with our position in China. It doesn't look like anybody else is jumping in there. And our hard work is paying off. So we expect big things over the years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Katri with Cowen.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC: Paul, can we get your views from the recent events, that are taking place on the regulatory front. That's number one. And then you mentioned some developments in Brazil, maybe you can give us some more details on that?
Paul Garcia: Sure. Okay, Moshe. So firstly, with Durbin in particular, I think everyone's guess is as good as ours. And we don't have any deep insight other than we think this thing is, it feels like it's going to be delayed. I mean, it just -- I think it's hard to reach any other conclusion. As we said, this thing does have some benefits for the merchant acquirers, but in all fairness, it's not something that we are thinking about when we talk about our optimism about our future. So I'd say, Moshe, stay tuned on that one. In terms of Brazil, we're making nice progress there. Now, I want to remind you, once again, this is a greenfield. We're going to sign one merchant and then two and then three. It's not going to be a huge needle-mover. We're also not going to be -- we're not going to spend huge amounts down there too, so you won't see a lot of negative surprises there either. It's a market you got to be in. It's the B in BRIC. It's not our -- it wouldn't be how we would approach every other market, but it was what was open to us. And I think we'll be in the position to be servicing merchants there in the not-too-distant future, but we still have some work to do.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC: Just last question on Japan. Do you have any exposure to that market?
David Mangum: You know, Moshe, we do not. We do process for the JCB card for tourists who use that card from Japan in a lot of our Asian markets. But in terms of Japan itself, we have no staff, no exposure, no facilities, no business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane from Credit Suisse First Boston Incorporated.
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: I guess, a couple of moving pieces. But we do have the full year guidance, so essentially, we have the fourth quarter. I guess, David, I was hoping you could help us with the North American operating margin. I'm getting to like a 21% to 23% for the fourth quarter trying to back into it. I just want to see if I'm in the ballpark.
David Mangum: Bryan, I think you're a little high. I think Q4 is going to look a little bit more like our Q4 last year for North America. So that means, obviously, substantial ISO growth. It's going to mean nice Gaming growth again, but with that comes processing costs, although, obviously, the margins there are north of anything like an ISO margin. And that's the Greater Giving business and some help from Canada. But all in, I think you're going to look at a margin that looks a little more like the one last Q4.
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then some of the margin improvement, we'll see, especially sequentially as we head into next year, just kind of big-picture stuff, it doesn't seem like there's real one-timers in there in the fourth quarter. It sounds like some of these things are sustainable as we go forward.
David Mangum: Yes. I don't think there a lot of one-timers, really, across the company, depending on how you want to count the production of Spain, which really isn't going to be in the comps for a while. But no, I am not aware of big one-timers, with maybe the possible exception of the sheer volume of new sales and new implementations in our Gaming business is probably outside the norm. But in the context of Global Payments, I'm not sure it's that material too.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Williams with Goldman Sachs.
John Williams: Really quickly, so I'm surprised this question hasn't been asked yet, but this is a little bit of a take on Durbin. I was curious to know what your views are. And Paul, this is probably a better question for you, just something I know you've commented on in the past. Regarding the network's ability to eventually push pricing increases through to you down the road. I mean, it seems as though that would be on the table. And I'm just curious to know what your thoughts are on that.
Paul Garcia: John, clearly, I don't have any insight into this, but clearly, if you're Visa and MasterCard, you're thinking about that and you would think about -- you're thinking about ways to do that, that don't result in a direct pass-through to the merchant. Then it's just a big change. So I don't know how that would happen. I get the spirit of your question, and I happen to agree with that. We haven't been approached on any ideas or any methodology. But clearly, if you're with the association, it's of course what you're thinking about, and we'll keep you informed.
John Williams: So to perhaps extend that question on Durbin specifically, when you're thinking of the idea of having to share any potential, what would amount to de facto pricing increases with the ISOs. How does that back-and-forth typically go in your process of negotiating that with an ISO, whether it's related to Durbin or not, just generally, how does that back-and-forth go?
Paul Garcia: Yes. It's very straightforward. I mean, it's prescriptive. The ISOs pay the fees that we pay. There's no negotiation about it. It isnt a large card issuer calling the association and saying you got to do better for us. It doesn't work that way. They get that. So that's very straightforward. Of course, they are interested in the extreme to how that impacts them, and they look to us for some explanations from time to time, but no. And neither do we mark that up. I mean, it's -- or absorb any of it. I mean, it's a straight pass-through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: This is actually Steven Kwok filling in for Sanjay. I just had a quick question. With regards to la Caixa, I was wondering, can you break out what the revenue was this quarter and how we should think about it going forward? How big could it be ultimately in the longer term?
David Mangum: I think what well do is probably stick to what we've disclosed about "la Caixa", which is we expect in the second half of the year from the date we own it, which is roughly December 20 through May 31, $25 million to $30 million of revenue that are on track for that. They had a solid start from our perspective. As you might expect, not dissimilar to any of our other businesses. Q4 should be a little bigger than Q3, but they're on track. And so I don't think we're going to parse out the pieces of it quarter by quarter, but know that they're on track for the $25 million and $30 million, and we're feeling good about that as well as the earnings range for the increment from the Spain acquisition.
Paul Garcia: I'd like to make a comment on "la Caixa", if I may. I just like to add that we really couldn't be happier with this. I mean, it isn't every day that you get to, overnight, have a number-one market position with a partner that is extraordinarily helpful and cooperative and working shoulder-to-shoulder with us to expand our joint market position. So it's number one with a bullet. I mean, we expect to add more business. We're doing so, we're making investment in sales and some miscellaneous infrastructure, and once again, the partner is with us every step of the way with their over 5,000 branches. So it's just a -- it's about as sweet as they come. So I would encourage you to look for some good things from "la Caixa" in 2012.
Steven Kwok - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Great. And I was also wondering, can you touch upon how much of an impact the operating margins in the International segment was due to "la Caixa"?
Paul Garcia: How much of the operating margin in International segment was attributable to "la Caixa".
David Mangum: In terms of the impact of that, so I think the way to think about "la Caixa" in terms of total International is it's going to cost us in the near term north of probably a couple of hundred basis points of margin. I guess, I won't get overly precise there, because they will actually move around a bit as we spend integration money and we ramp up sales force, but it's north of 200 basis points as we think about it going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Dodd with Morgan Keegan.
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just going back to Canada if I can, I realize the market is choppy, but if we look at this quarter, essentially, flat local currency revenue somewhat similar to last quarter, but 7% versus 3% transaction growth last quarter. So it looks like the revenue per transaction actually deteriorated in the third versus the second. So can you give us some color on that and why -- is it mix, seasonality, whatever and why you have increasing confidence that the Q4 is going to reverse that trend by even more than it deteriorated this quarter?
David Mangum: Sure, maybe Jeff and I will double-team on this a little bit. You are correct and that it continues to be a competitive marketplace, and a combination of that competition as well as a little bit of seasonality in Q3 means that on a relative basis, spread dropped even more than we had the quarter before. When we look ahead to Q4, it's less about whether or not that trend continues and more about on a comparable basis versus prior year, are you stabilizing so that you can stabilize the revenue and the EBIT trends in the market overall? So it's less about sequentially and more about year-over-year. And maybe Jeff, on the market itself what we see competitively, et cetera?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Robert. It's Jeff. I don't think the level of competition, while it's intense, has changed sequentially. So now I think we've seen a number of quarters where it remains intense, but I think that, that intensity has been pretty consistent across the quarter, sort to David's point. I think, sitting here today, we have a lot of confidence in David's commentary on the fourth quarter in Canada.
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And then to follow up, I think that the parallel between Canada and the potential Durbin opportunity, obviously, it does looks like it may be delayed, so it might not happen at all in the near term. But how does your kind of experience with Canada, and I know we've talked about this before, David, over the last three or four years in terms of big price increase followed by significant competitive factors driving that excess spread back out of the market. How does that color when you view about what you might do with your direct customers if Durbin becomes effective? Maybe a little bit speculative, but give it a shot.
Paul Garcia: Robert, this is Paul. I'm going to take that one. I would say that you're exactly correct. If there is benefit from Durbin, and I would say that we are believing that the benefits from Durban will not be significant. We will get some benefit from Durban. But it's not figuring into our optimism, quite frankly. And at this point, who knows when that actually happens. But whenever it happens, we are confident of one thing. Whatever benefit that is, it will go down over time. So we've seen that movie before, and that's how it works. Now, there'll be all variants of this. There will be one company that's already said they're not going to take any of it, and there'll maybe be some ISOs who are aggressive and will take it all. We would be a lot more conservative on how much of that we would enjoy and therefore, we don't see -- that's why we're saying there's not going to be a significant benefit. But you're exactly correct, Robert. That thing, it would be -- it's going to be fleeting for everybody.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just I guess maybe going down the speculative path as well, but what is precluding you from potentially buying in your Asia JV?
David Mangum: What is precluding us from buying in our Asia JV?
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes. Is there something -- is there a trigger mechanism that we need to be thinking about? Is there time line? Is that something that is just too far off in the future that you're not prepared to make comments about, but it would seem as though the timing of that would start to accelerate next year?
David Mangum: I think you'll find us not ready to make any comments about it, other than to say we have a terrific partner there and a great partnership, and we're happy to continue to operate that for the long term.
Paul Garcia: I would just add, Dan, that it's always a possibility. And I think -- so I'd say, stay tuned.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I comment on that because you made comments about managing through changing payment landscapes. And it's not just regulatory. There's also technical issues with mobile and things of that nature that I think people are questioning about the business. So anyway, just looking for that. The second thing is...
Paul Garcia: Let me comment one more second. I think it all depends on our partners. I mean, at the end of the day, we, of course, are a willing buyer of that. It depends on what our partner wants to do. They've chosen to sell it to the rest of the JV in the U.K. They may or may not do so in Asia, and we are ready, willing and able to do so. And of course we have dialogues like that with them all the time. But as David said, we'll take that any way we can get it. They're a wonderful partner.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I got it. And then the repositioning that took place in Canada last quarter and you reduced headcount. We thought it was around $4 million annually in terms of cost savings. I'd be interested to know if we saw much of that, if it all, in this quarter. And then is there any incremental cost that you took in the quarter as a result of Brazil?
David Mangum: Dan, in Canada, you really saw a full quarter of the benefit of the realignment of investment levels that we did in the fall. So you saw that full quarter. And yes, there is investment in Brazil in our numbers right now. It's been in there for a few months now. It's going a little bit and we continue to ramp up that investment level. As Paul said earlier, it's obviously not a material level. But there are investments in Brazil as we speak.
Paul Garcia: I want to go back to use Dan's question or something Robert said to give a little more detail on this Durbin issue. So it is clear that whatever benefit one enjoys from that is going to bleed out over time. You're going to get all of it for some period of time and then half, then a third, and then nothing. That's kind of the way these work. But that's in a stagnant environment. I think one would be fooling oneself to think this is it, that you're not going to have other issues, other pressures on interchange and assessment fees that could cause a downward, downward pressure, a downward progression on these fees. And then one benefit may be picked up from another. So it is an evolving situation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Huff with Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Just a couple of quick questions. Number one, can you tell us what you guys saw in terms of ticket sizes across geographies or just give us a sense of how consumers are behaving in this market right now? And how you are seeing it, so far, in this quarter and maybe in the next year?
David Mangum: Happy to, Brett. So in the U.S., average ticket was down 5%, very consistent with previous quarters. As you well know, though, the bulk of that reduction comes from the mix. The ISOs drives most of that reduction. In the Direct business, it would've been closer to 1% or 1.5% average ticket reduction, so quite modest. We actually saw really no change in the Canadian ticket, so reasonable starts there in the North America region. And Asia-Pacific ticket is actually going up, but that's a -- I think it's really at the wrong metric for that market, given the nature of the travel industry there. So across the board, pretty stable trends in terms of what we expected. Probably implicit in your question as well is the mix of U.S. transactions, credit and the other. That did not change, either. So PIN continues to still be below 10%. The combination of signature and PIN is on the order of approaching 2/3 of our overall transactions. So -- and that, by the way, is very consistent with the last three or four quarters and even beyond that. So really not a big sea change in trends overall and what that may or may not mean for consumer behavior. Again, as I think we've said for the better part of a year or beyond, certainly, things are not shocking us in terms of the trends, and they're stable, which is good news as we all came out of '08 and '09 and all of that fun. We haven't seen a big uptick or big downturn, but they're stable, and that puts us in reasonable position.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then just an unrelated question, the corporate, it was a little bit higher than I modeled and a little bit higher than the last quarter. Where there any one-timers, deal costs, anything like that in there? And what can you expect for that going forward?
David Mangum: Yes, it's a great question. There actually are one-timers. Largely, what you just said, deal costs and the new accounting rule, of course, for all expensing, our acquisition costs and our deal costs, our advisors and things like that. So a lot of that is staying. You may see some of that even trickle into Q4. I don't think it's going to be a gigantic Q4 from that perspective, but it shouldn't shock you if Q4 looks a little bit like Q3 in terms of the corporate expense.
Operator: We will take the last question from Chris Shutler with William Blair & Company. After which, Mr. Garcia will give his closing statement.
Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Just a quick question on the U.K. So when you look at the repricing opportunity there, how are you taking about the balance of taking a lot of price initially versus maybe reserving some of that benefit over the next few years?
David Mangum: I think you would find if you met our U.K. management team that we're being very measured about the way we think about this. And as Paul said earlier, it's really important to note that some merchants will go down, some will go up. And we'll be better able to match services and value delivered to the incremental offerings we make. So whether it's a voice authorization for which you charge and you can help a merchant understand what that is, and maybe then reduce those over time, out of which we should get some terrific relationship benefit. But I think you'll find, again, if we had our U.K. guys here, one of them you guys have met at the Analyst Day in the fall, you'd find a very measured, sober approach to this that has a focus on what this business can be several years from now, not next quarter.
Paul Garcia: That's well-said, David. I think, Chris, the most important thing for us is this is a marathon, not a sprint. We're not trying to pump up a quarter or a year. This is a long-term commitment to this incredibly important market. We're growing market share. And you don't get that by gouging merchants. This is appropriate pricing, truly appropriate pricing. Now I doubt that will have a positive impact, but it is appropriate, and I think our merchants understand that. Okay, well, ladies and gentlemen, I wish to thank you for your continued interest in Global Payments. And thank you so much for joining us this afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 7:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time and ending at midnight on April 14, 2011. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial (800) 642-1687, or international participants can call (706) 645-9291. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-01-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott  Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Garcia  Chairman and CEO Jeff Sloan  President David Mangum  Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital Bob Napoli  Piper Jaffray Dan Perlin  RBC Capital James Friedman  Susquehanna Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Global Payments Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions-and-answers. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Elliott: Good afternoon. And welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2011 second quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases, including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures such as normalized and cash earnings for second quarter fiscal 2011 which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized and cash earnings to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release furnished as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated January 6, 2011, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Id like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and Happy New Year, everyone. And thank you so much for joining us this afternoon. I am happy to report solid second quarter revenue and normalized earnings per share performance and as a result, we are modestly increasing our full year revenue and earnings estimates. In addition, we are pleased to announce the closing of our joint venture with la Caixa ahead of schedule. David will discuss our financial expectations with and without la Caixa and cash earnings in more detail in just a moment. Now for the highlights of the quarter and some recent events. I am delighted with our recent expansion into Spain with la Caixa. The largest retail bank in Spain and the largest merchant acquirer with over 20% market share and over 150,000 merchant outlets. While the Spanish economy has indeed been challenged of late, la Caixas financial stability has allowed the bank to successfully pursue its growth strategy during these turbulent times. On that note, both of our organizations are focused on expanding our market share and growing the merchant acquiring business through our new joint venture. This joint venture will be led by our own Darren Wilson, who leads our western European region which of course includes our U.K. business. As with our initial U.K. joint venture, we intend to leverage our sales strategies and add approximately 50 sales people over the next few quarters. When combined with la Caixas brand and 5000 plus branch footprint, we expect to drive significant market expansion and long-term growth. Turning now to North America where we delivered solid revenue growth in the quarter with U.S. and Canadian transaction growth rates of 18% and 3%, respectively. During September we made a difficult decision to eliminate over 70 positions in Canada to match our investment levels to the near-term economic opportunity in that market. We continue to anticipate that our Canadian performance improves over the remainder of the year that we exit the fiscal year in a stable position. Our international segment produced another quarter of strong results with the U.K. and Russia both performing well in the quarter. Regarding the U.K., we continue to be on track to complete our backend migration by the end of February 2011. Our Asia-Pacific business delivered extraordinary results in the quarter with significant increases in revenue and operating income. These results were driven by good growth areas across the region and a very successful rollout of a new product by one of our major retailers. As we prepare for successful transition from the HSBC customer service facility in India that serves our U.K. business, we have begun to staff for customer service and operations in our Philippines Global Service Center or GSC. We are also transitioning other customer support services to the center from other regions over the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call over to David.
David Mangum: Thank you, Paul. Ill review currency, operating performance and outlook, cash flow and cash earnings. During the second quarter on a year-over-year basis currency changes benefited revenue and normalized earnings by about $1 million and nearly $0.01 per share respectively. Our outlook for fiscal 2011 continues to assume that the U.S. dollar remains constant or slightly weakens against the Canadian dollar and remains constant or slightly strengthens against the British pound, Czech Koruna and the Russian Ruble. But we now believe the aggregate effect will likely be about neutral for us in 2011. Fluctuation in exchange rates of course may cause variances to our outlook. North America merchant services revenue grew 9% for the quarter driven by U.S. merchant services revenue growth of 11%. U.S. results reflect continued strong growth from our ISO channel. Our expectation for low double-digit revenue growth from the U.S. in 2011 remains unchanged. Transactions in Canada grew 3% for the quarter. In local currency Canadian revenue was flat with the prior year. We continue to expect Canadas local currency annual revenue to be about flat or to perhaps grow modestly when compared to prior year. North America merchant services normalized operating margin was 20.5% for the quarter as compared to 24.6% in last years quarter. North America operating income for the second quarter also reflects some incremental investments in our information technology infrastructure. International merchant services revenue increased by 6%, as compared to last year and operating margins there improved to 30.4% for the quarter, compared to 28% last year. Asia-Pacifics revenue growth substantially exceeded our expectations. Growth there reflects a successful rollout of new products by a major retailer with both physical and eCommerce transactions in several markets in the region. We do not expect growth to continue at this pace now that a launch is completed. We also experienced strong DCC revenue growth and DCC is now available in all of our Asian markets. Due to the extraordinary performance this quarter, we now expect revenue growth of about 20% from Asia for the full year. Our annual expectation for overall international growth in U.S. dollars remains unchanged at low single digits. Total normalized company operating margins from continuing operations for the second quarter were 19.6% down from 21.7% last year but slightly up from Q1 margins of 19.4%. We expect fiscal 2011 normalized operating margin in North America to be down compared to last year with material offsetting margin expansion in our international segment driving our overall company operating margins to be slightly down compared to our 2010 margin. During the second quarter, we generated free cash flow of $64 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlement, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to non-controlling interests. During the quarter, we spent $27 million on capital expenditures and our full year total expected outlay of about $85 million remains unchanged. In early December, we expanded our financing capability with a new five-year $600 million revolving line of credit which replaced our previous $350 million line. At closing, we used the facility to pay off the remaining $150 million outstanding on our 2009 U.S. term loan. The net impact of these transactions to our full year 2011 estimates is a relatively small increase in expense which we have accommodate in our earnings outlook and which will be driven by a write-off related to unamortized fees from the 2009 term loan in December, which will be partially offset by lower interest expense. With the acquisition of la Caixa, we now intend to supplement our financial reporting by reporting results on a cash earnings basis as we pursue our global expansion strategy. We believe this will facilitate investors ability to review and analyze underlying company performance. Cash earnings exclude the impact of acquisition relate amortization, special or non-recurring charges and their related tax effects. Our GAAP and cash earnings are reconciled on Schedule 7 of our earnings release. In order to ensure consistency and ease any transition, we have reported earnings for this quarter and our full year expectations on a GAAP, normalized and cash basis all of which are reconciled at the segment level in our earnings release. In addition, in an effort to assist you with your financial models, weve included fiscal 2010 and year-to-date 2011 quarterly income statements reconciling GAAP and normalized earnings to cash earnings, which can be found in our press release Schedules 10 through 13. For the second quarter, the company reported $0.76 of earnings per share on the cash basis, compared to $0.70 on a normalized and $0.67 on a GAAP basis and compared to last years performance of $0.76, $0.71 and $0.71, respectively. We are pleased with our performance to date and expect similar execution in the second half of the year. In addition, currency added nearly $0.01 of earnings per share to the quarter and we expected to add another $0.01 to earnings per share in the second half of the year. The combination of the two will allow us to absorb modest dilution from our start-up investments in Brazil and still increase our full year organic revenue and normalized earnings expectations. For the full year of fiscal 2011 prior to the addition of la Caixa we expect revenue of $1,755 billion to $1,790 billion. We expect GAAP earnings per share of $2.58 to $2.67, normalized earnings per share of $2.70 to $2.79 and cash earnings per share of $2.93 to $3.02. We expect la Caixa to add about $25 to $30 million of revenue for the remainder of the year and be dilutive to GAAP and normalized earnings per share by $0.02 to $0.04 per share, roughly offsetting the increase we expect in organic earnings per share and accretive to cash earnings by $0.02 to $0.04 per share. We anticipate the joint venture operating at a higher operating margin than our total company margin but not having a material effect on total company normalized or cash margins for fiscal 2011. Our normalized effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.6% and we continue to expect our full year 2011 normalized effective tax rate to be about 29.5%. Our cash tax rate was 31.1% and we expect our cash tax rate for the year to be about 30%. From a timing perspective, we continue to expect a seasonally weak third quarter followed by a strong fourth quarter to achieve these expectations. Now, Id like to turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Garcia: Thank you, David. Based on our current outlook for normalized continuing operations and prior to our la Caixa joint venture, we are raising our revenue expectations by $20 million and our normalized earnings per share expectations by $0.02. For normalized continuing operations including our la Caixa joint venture, we expect fiscal 2011 annual revenue of $1,780 billion to $1,820 billion or 8% to 11% growth over fiscal 2010. We expect fiscal 2011 normalize the diluted EPS of $2.66 to $2.77 reflecting 5% to 9% growth over fiscal 2010. Based on our current outlook and including our la Caixa joint venture, we expect fiscal 2011 cash earnings per share of $2.95 to $3.06 reflecting 5% to 9% growth over fiscal 2010 cash earnings of $2.80. As I reflect upon our 10-year anniversary next month as a public company, I am both proud of our past accomplishments and excited about our long-term opportunities. Over the past 10 years weve grown our revenues six fold from $300 million to $1.8 billion. We have also increased our employee base three fold from 1,200 associates to over 3,600 associates. 10 years ago we were in two countries and today we are a Fortune 1000 company operating in more than 20 countries and settling in more than 40 different currencies. I am confident in our ability to continue executing on our growth strategies and I also believe that the opportunities continue to be abundant. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Hi. Sorry, can you hear me now?
Paul Garcia: Tien-Tsin, we hear you loud and clear.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Sorry about that. Had you on mute. Sort of couple of quick questions if you dont mind. Ill ask on the la Caixa deal first. Looks like my math shows about a 40%, actually closer to 50% EBITDA margin business. Im curious if that sounds about right? And secondly, if thats sustainable or if its improvable and what kind of growth we might see coming from that joint venture? Sounds like obviously youre pretty excited about it, but if you could give us little more color that would be helpful?
David Mangum: Yeah. Tien-Tsin, maybe in reverse order Ill talk little bit about the margin structure and Paul, you talk little bit about the marketing and relate the two together as well. Your numbers are high. But it is a very nicely profitable business and obviously not going too far in disclosing margins. You can tell probably from the five months of it we have certainly not going to make a difference to our company margins
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Okay.
David Mangum:  so not quite as high as you think but its north of the company margins. We will probably sort of like the trajectory you saw take with the U.K., actually take that margin south a little while as we add, we referenced in the prepared comments the 50 sales folks over some number months or quarters. But well remain accretive to company margins. But again, just, I wont go too directly but its not quite as high as you think, but its a very nice which is north of the company margins and let Paul then turn this into the growth and strategy comment.
Paul Garcia: Okay. Thanks David. So Tien-Tsin the opportunities there, I think really cant be overstated. Its at, quite frankly to give you a plug, you point out nicely in your note. Its a market that is under penetrated from a credit perspective, but yet does enjoy a relatively high GDP and on a per capita basis in particular a high GDP. So the opportunities, the capacity are significant, it is a country roughly 50 million people and this is a business la Caixa that has gained a leadership role without a significant investment in sales infrastructure. They do enjoy over 5000 branches thats been the primary delivery mechanism. But without a lot of new products innovation or sales resources, theyve really built just a terrific franchise and a terrific business. We think there is some fairly low hanging fruit, we are very excited about Darren Wilson and his team working with the la Caixa team on this JV and I believe this thing expands overtime. I think Dave is right, initially we take it back a little bit, but this thing will grow significantly and we have high expectation for the future.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: From a revenue standpoint Paul is it more analogous to the Canada opportunity when you first broke there or is it more similar to the U.K. opportunity?
Paul Garcia: No. You know, I think, that such a great analogy, so its about not quite twice a size of Canada, but with the much smaller per capita penetration on credit, small GDP but I would tell you, it is, I think, it is fairly comparable to Canada. So Canada is the size it is, la Caixa is the size it is, why shouldnt this be as big as Canada in a reasonable period of time? Thats kind of our internal expectation.
David Mangum: I think, maybe a little more color on that twist it back to the margin question you asked earlier, I would think the trajectory looks more like what you used to with the U.K. Nice, solid business coming in, perhaps we take the margin a little bit south though still again accretive to company margins as we invest in the infrastructure and sales strategies Paul is describing and then you build this nice path upward for margin expansion from there.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: All right. Ill end by asking, I guess, the regulation question, much as Im sick of it. Is Chinas size the benefit to Global? I know its going to be difficult for you to disclose but maybe just to think about analogies or case studies again, can you remind us how much financial benefit you received in the Wal-Mart settlement with debit change was settled lower then and how it might compare this time around with Durbin?
Paul Garcia: Well, its similar, but yet its different. The Wal-Mart, I tell you what it similar. Its a specific interchange adjustment which overtime rationalizes.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Right.
Paul Garcia: So if nothing changed with this and Im about to tell you, I think a lot of things are going to change with this. But if nothing changed with this, I think it would be completely analagous. And now, it is, we have more business, but if anything we probably have less than a percentage that is subject this type of pricing. So thats kind of a mitigating aspect, so thats a little different. You are right. Im not going to give you an exact number. Tien-Tsin, this could be significant if you wanted be greedy and maybe short-term in focus, I think, but I dont -- we cant even put the opportunity together yet because not only is this just a suggestion. I mean, were going to see where this comes out but I think we havent heard from the banks here. I mean, they clearly are going to change the game here a little bit, that the [SIG], I think probably the signature, excuse me, the PIN debit is going to be the PIN debit, and we get that. But the signature debit, I cant imagine that that isnt going to be more and more morphed over to a credit vehicle. And someone suggests it is going to go to a PIN debit vehicle, which I dont buy. So, I think theres a lot of moving pieces here. I think its fair to kind of compare there was a pickup there. I think there will be a pickup here. Were going to be very cautious because it is not only a very competitive market. You dont want to invite any regulation of something, number one, so well be very cautious with that.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Right.
Paul Garcia: Number two, is really is a very competitive market. One of our public competitors has made a huge point about giving every penny of that back and God bless them. Thats their strategy. So, I think, we will share some more data when it comes up. It clearly, I will say this. Ive said from day one interchange will go down, interchange is going to go down. That is good for all of the acquirer, even if you give every penny back, it takes a little margin pressure off you. It also, quite frankly, takes away the specter of some emerging payments that may or may not participate in the same manner. I think ultimately this is good news for, believe it or not Visa and MasterCard long term, because I think it speaks for their vitality in the future. So a lot of moving parts, keep you guys very busy for the next six months writing notes on this.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Yeah. No doubt. Appreciate your view fellows. Ill let others have questions. Thanks.
Paul Garcia: All right, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley: Thanks, guys, and Happy New Year. On Durbin, I know Tien-Tsin just asked the question and you gave a pretty comprehensive answer. But in terms of working through the math, it seems like it will help your margins for your owned account but hurt margins on the ISO accounts because of the accounting. But the numbers of accounts are greatly towards ISOs, the volume gap is not as extreme. So, could we actually see a scenario where Durbin is a wash to your margins or slightly dilutive?
David Mangum: I think, Adam, this is David. It is likely to be dilutive to our margins. Now, I think, if Ill link this to Pauls comments. We dont know what we dont know right now.
Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley: Yeah.
David Mangum: The size and complexity and all the other pieces. But having said that, you are correct and it is worth making sure we say this publicly on this call. That the significant majority of our U.S. business is indeed through the ISOs. And yeah, it is a different structure in terms of tickets and everything else, but it is still the significant majority of our volume, our transactions, et cetera, which is likely to come through the income statement assuming an ISO were to keep a portion of the interchange reduction as both revenue and expense. We have a nice direct business wherein, in the worse case, we can see as Paul mentioned less pricing pressure. But it is so much smaller than the ISO. So, it is more likely, depending which scenario you believe, but Ill go with your question, the way you phrased it. That this has a bit of a deleterious effect on our margins rather than the ability to keep it neutral. So, as we get out toward a better line of sight as to what Durbin is or isnt from a quantification perspective, well have work to do from a disclosure standpoint to make sure folks can understand what the core business is doing versus a Durbin gross up effect
Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Okay.
David Mangum:  having on that.
Paul Garcia: Ill add quickly, though that there isnt a scenario that this isnt good news for us ultimately. So even if you make a dollar, its a dollar more than you would have made. Now Adam, we can argue the whole margin accounting issue, I mean, that is a reality. It is what it is. But and we dont really know what that reality is going to be. But the scenario you laid out and the way David answered it, you cant argue with.
Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Paul Garcia: The bottom line is that there will be money made. It flows directly to the bottom line. Theres no costs associated with it and it will have some drive on EPS, end of story.
Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Just wanted to kind of frame it a little bit. Just two other quick questions and Ill hang up. The -- we heard there was another pricing increase in Canada recently and a greater emphasis placed on the ISOs for distribution up there. Im sure some of the sales people up there were involved in the headcount reductions. Are those accurate assumptions and can you explain how that strategy plays out over the longer term?
Jeff Sloan: Sure. Its Jeff, Adam. Ill take a turn answering that and David and Paul can join in. I guess, Paul mentioned in his comments, weve done a number of things in Canada since we last spoke. The first thing is on the expense side. I think we addressed that in the commentary. But we continually look at our business from a revenue point of view as well. So our revenue in Canada is affected by a number of things. One is pricing. The second is introducing and gaining market share by way of customers and that can include customers in the U.S. going into Canada and that can include our ISO partners as well. A core part of our strategy is to grow our share of the pie up in Canada. So while we talk hard needed steps on the expense side, we also looked very closely what we can do on the revenue side to enhance our business there and weve done both of those things. Price is a part of that as it necessarily is as competitive as that marketplace is, but gaining share with existing customers, adding new customers including additional ISOs is part of our strategy in that business.
Paul Garcia: Yeah. I think, Adam, to dovetail your comment about the expense actions, part of it certainly conceptually was the idea of where should we or should we not be applying direct sales resources and where are other parties better positioned to chase this small merchant to small to medium merchants and that would lead you to think about selectively introducing ISOs successfully, so into the market over some period of time.
Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks for that. And then last question, just on Lat Am, you announced this week or last week on Brazil. How much do you think you need to spend there? When do you start seeing returns and are these build-out cost going to be excluded from GAAP earnings or they are going to be included in the normalized?
Paul Garcia: Yeah. Great question. So I think what youll see in the back half of this year is an incremental penny or a little north of a penny of dilution. I also think as you head into next year that means probably more dilution before we can turn into profit maker. I do think that the beauty of that market, the economic characteristics of some of the incumbent processes in the market where you can turn that quickly into a profit making venture, but I think its fair to say through 2012 I dont expect that. So when you look back then at how well report that, as you may have heard in the prepared comments, we absorbed that penny of Brazil dilution in our expectations. Its a part of what takes us up a little bit given performance in Asia as well as FX and then down a little bit given a little bit of dilution from Brazil at the end of day you end up with this organic $0.02 raise and when we add in la Caixa brings us right back to where we started on normalized basis $2.77 at the high-end, so we get $2.77 up to $2.79, back $2.77 with the la Caixa add, but it is all in the numbers.
Adam Frisch  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Paul Garcia: Thank you.
David Mangum: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Thank you. Hi, Paul and Dave.
Paul Garcia: Hi.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Yeah. With conversion and processing initiatives underway throughout the world, it may be inevitable that you encounter minor delays at certain points in the process. I know you mentioned that U.K. remains on schedule. As you assess the U.K. backend processing now, what remaining risk could result for delays in the U.K. that would push timing for full migration beyond the stated goal of end of February?
Paul Garcia: Sure, Kartik. When you go to this stage of a project, this one, youre down to half a dozen to a dozen key deliverables, but you still have them. That means youre still testing them on live data and still running them through parallel processing and not, you dont have them in production so youre running in parallel. To the extent you found something in the processing that was sort of a fundamental challenge in terms of how you process a transaction either from sort of how you run it through interchange tables or how you balance it off of any other pricing or whether youre fully ready to communicate is clearly and transparent customers you want. Those would be the things that would pop up and whats really the final seven weeks of a process like this. The good news as we described before about this project. We have done seven of these in Asia for the same backend, still very happy with teams running this, as you know the requirements gathering and some of the other issues weve seen on another projects happen from the very same some of the very same U.K. teams, really running the platform and operating for years in the HSBC environment. So were feeling good about that. It really isnt matter of getting the final pieces in place and fixing what are the inevitable final sort of bugs you find as you do the big system test and the unit testing.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: So, Dave, what is the biggest risk to the U.K. -- getting that migration completed?
David Mangum: The biggest risk is really the summary I gave which is that something youve coded as you do final testing doesnt quite operate perfectly. We expect this to operate perfectly. We talking about the money flows, the settlement and what goes to and from our customers. So that would really be the biggest risk. By the way, I should correct myself. Weve actually done eight of these migrations in Asia, having done Malaysia just a few months ago on top of the other seven.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: All right. And if we could go back to Canada, I just to want make sure I understand, Jeff, the answer a little bit. So to what extent did a price increase play a role in Canadas growth this quarter?
Jeff Sloan: Well, we dont disaggregate the pieces. What I would say, Kartik, as I mentioned to Adam, is on the revenue side of the equation as we described in the script. On the revenue side of the equation we of course look at price. Its a very competitive marketplace. But we do look at price but we also look at product and we look at the way we distribute. So we examine all of those things in the aggregate and we make sure when we introduce new technologies and come in with new partners that we grow our share with the pie as well. So price is (inaudible) of it but its one of the few.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: And one question, Paul, for you on Asia. Obviously very strong results there, execution there seems to be excellent. And one of the factors you mentioned was dynamic currency conversion helping you? And Im wondering if you could talk about what -- how much that played a part in the growth in Asia?
Paul Garcia: Yeah. DCC is in fact Kartik a driver. It was something we introduced very successfully. Its rolled out aggressively and its generating some meaningful revenue. Asia is still fairly small in the scheme of things, in the scheme of the potentials Asia is fairly small. So DCC itself can be a mover. So it has been. I dont literally have exactly what that percentage is, but it was a meaningful driver and I think David actually made a point in his prepared comments that because it is pretty well fully rolled out, it wont be as much of a mover in the future and thats why we backed off a little bit about some of the aggressive growth weve enjoyed in Asia that we got a nice lift from a major merchant rolling out some interesting products. So, but make no mistake, Asia is a great grower, great, great accretive grower and CUP is successfully being rolled out. Once again, thats not massive at this point. Were only in Beijing, but its encouraging and its working and were getting great reviews and all the seeds have been sown for this to grow up and to be a big tree.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Sounds good, Paul. Sounds like so that the growth you got from DCC probably gives you some comparison issues as we move forward?
David Mangum: Yeah. I think thats, Kartik. This is David. The growth was very nice again this quarter. The growth we didnt expect really came from the retailer. But your point is a good one in that now that were fully rolled out with our ongoing solution with our partner in each market and every market in Asia, you will take a little edge off growth. Doesnt mean its still not a great grower as Paul described but youll take edge off as you begin to annualize rollouts in places like Hong Kong over the next couple of quarters.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Paul Garcia: Thank you.
David Mangum: Thanks, Kartik.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Darrin Peller from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Hey, Paul and David. How are you doing?
Paul Garcia: Great.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: The first question on EPS guidance, can you first verify last time you give guidance of $2.68 to $2.77 that also included $0.12 impact of the termination in I guess Manila?
David Mangum: Say your numbers again, Darrin?
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Well, last years -- last quarter you gave guidance for the year of I think $2.68 to $2.77. Im just making sure that was normalized for $0.12?
David Mangum: That was normalized so just to put a little blunt, I mean, excluded the $0.12.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Right. Okay. So, that did exclude it then as well. And to break down that $0.12 a little more now is all of that related to Manila or some of that also Canadian termination fees or anything?
Paul Garcia: It is a great question. I am glad you asked that. Originally, as we started the year the whole $0.12 was Manila. As we rolled through, weve been efficient in Manila. So I actually now think for the whole year, were sort of done with these things and the Canadian severance and the little bit of relow and stuff you remember from Q1 will all mix inside that original $0.12.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Okay. So its apples-to-apples, 2.68 to 2.77 versus the new guidance normalized of 2.70 or so is apples-to-apples?
David Mangum: It is absolutely apples-to-apples. Yeah.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Okay. And then the other side of it is I think you said last time that you had expected a $0.02 to $0.03 head wind from currency impact for the year, now youre saying neutral but youre only changing your numbers by a couple of cents. Is that because of the Brazil build-out that it wouldnt be more than that given the revenue?
Paul Garcia: Let me walk you through a little bit. I dont think we quantified the $0.02 to $0.03. Depends on where you are in the earnings range and your model as we think about what FX would or wouldnt do. We certainly said modest and I like my adjective. So we stuck with that kind of language. Where that leaves you is as we perform in Q2, we get almost the penny of help from FX and then we get almost $0.02 or so help from Asia. Thats sort of the unexpected piece of Q2. And we go, look at the rest of year and figure out what were going to annualize or not, to that point, we think some of the FX sticks, right. So the U.S. dollar been a little weaker in a couple of places and the real answer has been less strong against the U.K. pound than we thought.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Okay.
Paul Garcia: So you pick up relative to last quarters guidance, you know, you round $0.02 from FX after the pickup. We keep our $0.02 from Asia, so we expect as we said earlier in response I think to Kartiks questions, we expect Asia to go back to more normal growth so just $0.02 from Q2 flowing through, then you bring in Brazil and a couple cats and dogs on tech and some other spending and you go back down again to really $0.02 overall of increase for the year.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Okay. Thats helpful. And then just a quick comment on transactions -- I didnt quite catch if you had said anything on transaction growth in Canada and the U.S. this quarter. If you didnt, would you mind quantifying that?
David Mangum: It is 18% growth in the U.S. year-over-year, so pretty much in line with the last couple of quarters, last quarter was 19. It was 3% transaction growth in Canada. It was flat last quarter year-over-year. So those are the two key metrics.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: In Canada, are you still seeing putting aside the price increase because obviously there is an improvement here on the constant currency basis, I guess, pricing may have been a part of that but it seems to be with transaction growth picking up, price increase, obviously its getting a little better there. Is there any of that also sort of a mix shift into the higher sort after way from the larger retailers that I think had an impact previously?
Paul Garcia: No. So that volume shift has hung around and as you might imagine volume mixes vary plus or minuses, a couple of points and a few bips here or there but that change really hasnt reversed itself for lack of a better word. You see a continuing growth of ISO in that channel. And you see us to your point stabilizing so solid transaction growth where as you might imagine cautiously optimistic that were on the verge of doing exactly what we said, solid transaction growth is stable, business and stable performance. I can tell you spread is looking more stable as you know we have been through four or five some odd quarters of really some challenging spread situations and it is becoming more predictable as well which is as you might imagine for us at least here to stay about half the battle.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Great. All right. Thanks, guys.
Paul Garcia: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Bob Napoli from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Bob Napoli  Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon. Follow up on Asia. I just want to make certain the major retailer that rolled out new products, is that a -- was there any one-time benefits in there or is this a -- is that a sustainable revenue number? What kind of products were rolled out?
Paul Garcia: Unfortunately, Bob, we really cant tell you the products or we would end up telling you the retailer and we cant do that but whats different about this is it is the rollout itself, the launch, that creates the outsize growth. The products are still there and theyre going to continue to be there and grow for this retailer next month and the month after that and the month after that. But this is a retailer and I am probably helping out too much here who when it launches a product, lots of volume moves really, really quickly.
Bob Napoli  Piper Jaffray:  Okay. So youre suggesting that volume level may be there, the initial rollout there is a maybe we would expect to see a little bit of a step back as the initial rollout has been passed and so youre still going to get a lot of volume from it but probably less than you did this quarter?
Paul Garcia: Well said.
Bob Napoli  Piper Jaffray: All right. On la Caixa in this years guidance how much -- are there any one-time cost with regards to the acquisition that you expensed thats in your guidance numbers? So I mean, I think the real important thing is here is what has la Caixa had in 2012 versus what it does to 2011?
Paul Garcia: Yeah. You know, it is interesting, Bob. I foresee very few one-time type charges and in fact, the cost of the deal for the most part are already in our actuals for Q2 or they will be in Q3 as we head into December and is sort of baked into our forecast. And as you know these days your expensing your deal costs as you go given accounting changes and this is not the kind of business or the kind of deal where you have things like IPRD and those kinds of traditional technology write-offs. So most of what you are seeing when we set the guidance, first off is everything we expect all in, and really talking about the amortization well create when you deal with the valuing of assets like customer lists and other intangibles. So it is all, all in, it is what we expect to see.
David Mangum: Bob, even on a GAAP basis as you know we have talked about $0.02 to $0.04 dilution right out of the box. Thats pretty sweet. Thats pretty sweet. So it is an obviously were looking for GAAP accretion, too, in the near term. So this from a cash basis makes money right out of the box. So it is a nice deal and two of the questions I got earlier, too, it is a nice deal and we intend to grow.
Bob Napoli  Piper Jaffray:  What is the amortization expense, the level of amortization expense that you are going to expect on a quarterly basis?
David Mangum: Well, you can back into that off the delta between expecting it to produce on a cash basis $0.02 to $0.04 and so you have a $0.06 delta at a pretax number, one two or one three and thats really the math. Of course, well have to go, do the actual valuation as you know, Bob and finish off a purchase accounting and have that vetted by our advisors and thats really the next step for us.
Bob Napoli  Piper Jaffray: Last question. Deal flow. I know these deals are hard to get consummated and what are you seeing globally? Are you still evaluating a lot of different opportunities and was Spain just happened to be that that was an attractive opportunity and that was the one you could get done? What else is out there?
Jeff Sloan: Bob, it is Jeff. I will answer that. So I think Spain and la Caixa is really good example of a great way to pursue our acquisition business. We spent a number of years in discussions with the guys at la Caixa and the better part of half a year really consummating the deal and that was done on an exclusive basis. I think it is a real tribute to the way we approach these transactions which is we are able to picks each other as partners. So I think that was the culmination of a very good bit of work that was done here and also on la Caixas behalf to reach a very good conclusion on both sides. I think were very proud and if thats the template for future deals, thats terrific. In terms of the rest of the business, as Paul mentioned in his comments with David, we just closed that at the end of the year. We have a number of opportunities in the United States and in addition as well as around the world in addition to la Caixa, so were comfortable with where we are from a pipeline point of view.
Bob Napoli  Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Perlin from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin  RBC Capital: Thanks, guys. Just revisit Canada for one moment, you talk about share gains and introducing new customers in that market. Weve seen kind of the pains of the ISO channel in North America and it sounds like thats going to be increasingly a strategy in Canada, so I have two questions. One is I think the revenue direct and the revenue model in Canada is different. So can you remind us of that and, two, have you right sized the business enough as we think about 12, youre not going to have to reduce head count?
David Mangum: Dan, it is David. You are correct in remembering the revenue model is different. The revenue model in the U.S. is the product of a couple decades of relationship building and volume driving and also the sheer volume driven by very large ISOs across any number n of different acquirers. In Canada, it is a little different in terms of both the buy rate. So the per transaction services rate one would charge an ISO and also there is typically some version of a revenue share, and the [direct] there. So in other words there is a little bit of a share before you can calculate the buy rate. So the economics are a bit different, the margin characteristics are different. It is fair of you to say at the beginning of a trajectory that will look like the U.S. over some very long period of time. It is quite possible and probably quite likely. The other way to think about the pieces of this are thats a 20-year production. Thats really the history in this state. So one final piece as you think about the rollout, we said very consciously selectively roll out and really target the small-to-medium merchant market, we think well be successful with that and well drive real meaningful share and volume. This revenue comes at a very nice margin. It doesnt look like the margin in the U.S. at all. So were feeling comfortable with the strategy overall.
Jeff Sloan: Dan, it is Jeff. I will address your second points on right sizing the business. We took the hard steps that Paul described earlier this year in Canada. We dont anticipate any additional ones. We feel like we did what we needed to do to put the business in the right perspective and the actions we have taken to date reflect all of that. We feel good about where we are as David described in that business today. And at this point, we dont anticipate any additional changes along the lines of what we have done this year in the Canadian business.
Paul Garcia: And another thing, Dan, as stated, there is one public piece of your question, I should answer which you asked about 2012. Were not speaking about 2012 specifically but our goal for this year was having a stable situation as we exit the year. We think were on track for just that.
Jeff Sloan: And just one other piece to follow up on the first part of what David said (inaudible) Dan question but in the first piece, we already have a number of ISOs with us today in Canada. So the other piece of Davids commentary about what could happen, what might happen, that reflected in some of our numbers today when the very successful with that and very pleased with our partners in the marketplace in Canada today. So I agree with what he said about a longer term horizontal, but I also say were successful in that today.
Paul Garcia: I have to throw in on this, too, David. I think it is the -- I cant imagine a world for years and years and years and years and years and years up there where the ISOs are driving anywhere near the amount of revenue growth either in absolute numbers or as a percentage that we have here. So the Canadian we already have several very successful ISOs up there. Were going to introduce some partners to reward them for their partnership with us and were looking at opportunities around the globe with these ISOs by the way. ISOs are a great model. ISOs are a good thing. ISOs are a great revenue generator. We make wonderful net margins on these. Were very proud of those associations. Were not going to come to you and say the Canadian margins are under pressure because the ISOs have driven some massive numbers. That isnt going to happen. It isnt going to happen while I am before my retirement, I promise you that. Okay?
Dan Perlin  RBC Capital: Okay. And then I have never heard you say take the ISO around the world. Is the concept there you would take existing relationships, because have you some pretty big ones and help introduce them somewhere else or build a relationship foreign market with a domestic ISO?
Paul Garcia: I think we will take -- well, it is kind of the same thing. We take the existing ISOs we have around the world and some of them are interested in some geographies and some are interested in others. But were also going to augment that where it makes sense with local, but a lot of these geographies which will lend themselves beautifully to ISOs dont exist. So we may even do some internal ISOs, right, think of us as our own commission only sales force in some of these markets. So were looking at all of those models. The ISO model remains a great model or people wouldnt sell businesses for a billion dollars that build these things in a short period of time. So it is a great model. I think what we have differently in Canada, were taking that around the world. It is not give away every bit of it. It is the share in the ongoing success and I am pretty pleased with that.
Dan Perlin  RBC Capital: Okay. And then the margin believed to be over the previous quarters in North America seemed to kind of hold firm. Is that more a function of what did you in Canada this quarter?
David Mangum: No, Dan, because we didnt see much of the benefit this quarter. The action happened in September so we got a partial quarter benefit. What you are seeing which is actually a satisfying to us is we thought the North America margin quarter by quarter this year would be consistent with our exit margin last year despite challenges in Canada and everything else, so our Q4 margin last year and that really is what were seeing. So were actually pleased and I guess satisfied is a better word to see that it is operating according to plan but no we havent seen the benefit or certainly on a full quarter benefit of those actions yet in Canada.
Dan Perlin  RBC Capital: Okay. So as we think about the back half of the year, we shouldnt kind of carry forward some 300, 400 basis points margin contraction, we should maybe keep it more straight line?
Paul Garcia: Well, I would focus -- I want to make sure I dont confuse you or anyone else on the call. Focusing sequentially only, so forget year-over-year for a second.
Dan Perlin  RBC Capital: Yeah.
Paul Garcia: Fairly consistent margin performance over the course of this year and as I said, it will look a little bit like our exit rate from Q4 10, not our exit rate but our actual rate from Q4 10 and so this 20-point X percent kind of thing is kind of the place to be.
Dan Perlin  RBC Capital: Okay. Thats excellent. And then I will ask one more if I could. The -- in Asia, I thought you had rolled out some of the front end of G2 in some of those markets and I am wondering is this Asia product rollout, was that -- if in fact that is true was that a helpful tool to have in order to launch it at that level of success or am I kind of off base on that? Thanks.
Paul Garcia: Youre not off base. It certainly helps us from a loss perspective, helps us certify and helps us ensure any compliance sort of automatic across all seven markets, each of the seven markets where G2 operates for us. G2 doesnt play a role in the success of the product itself being purchased by consumers because that as I was describing earlier trying not to describe earlier perhaps the feature of really the product itself in the retailer and how the rollouts work. But yeah for our purposes, the ability to bring something new and process it rapidly across G2 for authorizations and in some cases a lot of ease for e-commerce across our global transport platform is very helpful for us from an efficiency and processing standpoint.
Dan Perlin  RBC Capital: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Paul Garcia: Thanks Dan.
David Mangum: Welcome Dan.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman  Susquehanna: Hi Paul, hi David, hi Jeff. I wanted to ask in addition to Durbin, the other hot button in the market these days is mobile and just a simple question is, is mobile a good or bad thing for a merchant acquirer?
Paul Garcia: I think it is a great thing. I mean its, anything that allows more ubiquity of acceptance and makes it easy for the consumer to use their credit and debit cards, thats a great thing. In fact, I dont want to gobble up a lot of time here, but I would like to know your perspective on why you would think it could be a bad thing.
James Friedman  Susquehanna: You know, I would be inclined to agree with you but it is more important if you say it than if I say.
Paul Garcia: I tell you what, well do it off line. I know have you an opinion.
Jeff Sloan: James, it is Jeff. I would add to what Paul said. Our view of the world is anything that touches a merchant in any form is good news for us because our ability to allow those transactions to be processed in a way that is appropriate is very helpful. So things like mobile are great news and as long as it provides some connectivity back to a merchant who wants to get paid, were happy to be in the middle of it.
James Friedman  Susquehanna: Okay. And then just switching gears for a second back to Asia, so could you -- so I believe, Ian was in the process of shifting and I was wondering if you could update us in terms of the management structure specifically relevant to China?
Jeff Sloan: Okay. So during the Investor Day, we announced that Ian would be phasing out his doing that over the next quarter and James Hicks has assumed responsibility. James came from the Czech Republic and ran our Global Payments Europe business and James has relocated with his family in Asia and I could not be more delighted. He is just a world class executive, just a terrific guy. We have actually replaced James with an individual that came to us from right Pfizer. Prior to that he was with Euronet, his name is [Rodney Farmer]. Rodney is currently living in Vienna. He will be relocating to the Czech Republic with his family. Rodney will be assuming his role I think literally next week. We also -- you didnt ask but we also have a CIO search under way and I am delighted with the Canada pool we are getting. You know, its we have added thousands of thousands of people to our company and I will tell you that our goal is to constantly upgrade our talent. And I could not be more tickled with the people who are interested in us and the applications were getting. Specific to China, we are in a number of markets in China. Were expanding that role or adding sales people and will be adding management as well. And James is getting his hands around all of that as we speak.
James Friedman  Susquehanna: Okay. And then the last thing just a housekeeping detail, I dont recall you mentioning the share repurchase in the quarter. Could you elaborate on that and where it stands and I will close with that?
Paul Garcia: Sure, Jamie. We did not repurchase any shares this quarter. Thats probably the short answer.
James Friedman  Susquehanna: Okay. Thank you. 
Paul Garcia: Thank you.
David Mangum: Youre welcome, James.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from UBS Securities. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: Thanks, guys. Maybe I missed it but did you guys give any update on the estimated day to complete the G2 rollout in the U.S.?
David Mangum: Jason, this is David. No, we did not. We continue really with where we were when last speaking publicly before the quiet period which is we got to finish off requirements gathering. We got to finish off the right plan for the right kind of coding and QA to absorb those changes and then link it to the ability of our customers to work with us on a migration path so we have got work to do on that front.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: Sometime next fiscal year but stay tuned on more precision there?
David Mangum: I think stay tuned is exactly the right message. When I step back and think about G2, were going to work on day and date when were going to nail when the time comes. You already know the various sundry financial implications. You also know that we have absorbed the lack of G2 savings in our expectation this year.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: Right.
David Mangum: So from that perspective we will keep you posted, but I wouldnt suggest this is a focus area for us as we go forward.
Paul Garcia: Jason, I think David said two important things I want to reemphasize. Number one whatever we say, we got to nail it and we just nail it. So were going to be very circumstance spective. Thats why you should take comfort when we tell you were going to get this back end migration in the U.K. Because it is important and weve got to make it happen. And in terms of the implications for G2 for the company, it is a great thing. It works -- its working right now. It is going to work. It is going to produce some savings but as David said, until we can explain that a great detail, were just trying to kind of keep you informed as we go. Okay.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: Okay. And that certainly makes sense. I guess segwaying into a more general discussion around overall operating margins for the company, I know youre not going to be in a position to give any kind of formal guidance on next year. But I think a lot of folks across the street are trying to get a sense of rough orders of magnitude. It sounded like at the analyst meeting you were certainly committed to some degree of margin expansion next year. There is a mix of kind of head winds and tail winds it seems like in the business across different geographies and attributable to different factors, but any incremental insight you can lend there just to give people a feel for are we talking about a tiny amount of arrange margin expansion next year when all said and done or something more significant as you see it right now? 
David Mangum: Jason, it is David again. Unfortunately for any details you have to stay tuned until we set our FY 12 outlook in the summer. We remain committed to margin expansion on the core business, expect to see it. I guess I will remind you of that definition which is the one I stated at the Investor Day which is obviously that pre-Durbin -- actually it is pre-Brazil, I pointed out on that day as well. Business as you knew it at the moment we did that and we expect to do just what we said. I would tell you the other part of this is our goal and our plan is to be able to deliver solid margin expansion for a sustained period of time and thats really what were trying to build the business around is three of us work on the pieces as it comes together.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: Okay. I will leave it there. Thanks, guys.
David Mangum: Thanks, Jason. 
Operator: We will take the last question from Bryan Keane from Credit Suisse after which Mr. Garcia will give his closing statement.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse: All right. Great. I will try to keep my questions to about 25. I guess I thought I asked a lot of questions. But I guess my peers do as well. Let me ask you this. The Europe was down obviously year-over-year. I dont know, I might have missed it, David. Whats the constant currency growth rate in Europe and how does -- whats the outlook in Europe look?
Paul Garcia: Bryan, we dont take constant currency down to that level. But let me just remind you of some of the pieces in Europe. Youre right, it is down. You have really a couple of things. Year-over-year currency is harming the U.K and it is pretty substantial. It is north of a couple million dollars and in addition, the acquiring business wed call the international acquiring business, you will recall we exited some of the more challenging verticals in that. That creates a year-over-year challenge and that will annualize in April and you will see Europe go back on path. So the U.K. business that is sort of fundamentally for this full year, before we deal with international acquiring and in local currency only is actually going to be a double-digit grower when you do what we do, what we expect to have happen in Q4 in the U.K. You marry it to ruse which is growing solidly in the high single digits why we really wanted to be and the Central Europe business with the major customer reprice is continuing to shrink. Then youve got your decline right now on the way to coming back to in aggregate and okay year but all in you have a challenge of growing over that international acquiring business plus the Central Europe business.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thats helpful. And then the raise in revenue, the 20 million, is that all currency, David about ex acquisition?
David Mangum: No. What it is, is a little bit of ISO fees in the U.S., so no earnings from that. It is classic empty (inaudible) as they do the fees here in the state. It is FX and it is Asia. The largest number of that is the ISO although it is not even half of the 20 raise and then the Asia and the FX were kind of split the difference from there.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse:  Okay. Last question for me. If I remember correctly, I think 50% of your U.S. volume is signature debit and about 10%, I guess, is that right and the second piece is that can you remind us how much less revenue it is for merchant acquirer when you are doing PIN processing versus signature?
David Mangum: Yeah. I will even -- Ill put a little more precision. It is less than 10% of our transactions of PIN right out at third are credit and the remainder is six, it is north of 50%. One thing that anecdotally may interest you is the percentages and the split this is quarter were dead on where they were last quarter which is interesting and in fact, watching the piece of this hang right where they were in proportion over any number of quarters. In terms of breakout, we dont go that far in terms of proportions. You guys all know the interchange structure and have a view of how the pieces will come together. In absolute dollars, it is substantially less revenue to move from signature to PIN at a margin level, percentage level. We make totally good money in the margins, the incremental margins or even the contribution margins, its about the same but it is significantly less revenue.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse:  That is the question, I guess. When you guys say that Durbin will automatically be positive for you, I mean a lot of people, a lot of experts are arguing that you will see a migration in from signature over to PIN and in fact, that would actually have a negative, probably impact on you guys on total dollars.
Paul Garcia: Bryan, this is Paul. I would -- I disagree with that. I dont disagree people are saying it. I disagree with the conclusion. Just why you have PIN based debit now, and at a significantly lower rate than credit or [SIG] debit. I mean, a quarter of where it is today. Now, it is going to go down from the $0.20 range to the $0.12 or $0.10 range, right. It is a big reduction but what is happening in signature debit is 90 basis points maybe. I mean, it is massive. Now, what I fail to understand, merchants have already had a huge incentive to move consumers to PIN-based debit and although this is a further incentive for them, that incentive already existed and I think at some point the consumer is going to do what the consumer does. And I just -- I dont think it is nonsense call to me that a lower rate for a merchant will enter into a consumers decision. I think grocery stores have been successful, some big box merchants have, prompting for PIN makes sense and consumers are not going to use a PIN-based product for transactions with an average ticket over a certain amount period, end of story in my opinion.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse: Yeah. We can follow up on that. Some people are saying that even the issuers because the profitability, the margin is so much is going to be capped at a certain level in the process -- the cost of processing when you include fraud is so much higher on signature debit, that theyre going to actually be interested in pushing PIN.
Paul Garcia: Well, I do agree. Listen, I agree with that actually. I do -- not pushing the PIN. I do agree that the issuers are clearly going to be taking that into consideration and even if theyre given that extra amount of money for credit, theyre going to say wow, but for credit risk, but I think they would be pushing, more likely pushing you to a credit product and not to a signature -- excuse me -- not to a PIN debit product. The future is going to be interesting, Bryan. So we will see.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse: Thanks so much, guys. 
Paul Garcia: Our pleasure.
David Mangum: Our pleasure.
Paul Garcia: Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your continuing interest in Global Payments. Happy new year to everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 6 p.m. and ending at midnight on January 18, 2011. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial 800-642-1687 or international participants can dial 706-645-9291. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Mangum - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Paul Garcia - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jane Forbes - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc. Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott (sic) [Forbes]. Please go ahead.
Jane Forbes: Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made today on this call may refer to certain measures for full year fiscal 2010, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, July 27, 2010, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks for joining us this afternoon. For our fiscal 2010 full year, and I should add, in the worst economy we've experienced in 75 years, we delivered solid financial performance with revenue growth of 12% to $1.642 billion and normalized diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.54 or 21% growth compared to last year. Currency rates provided a lift to our financials during the year. And accordingly, full year revenue and normalized EPS growth rates were 11% and 15%, respectively on a constant currency basis. For our fourth quarter, we achieved revenue of $425 million, which represents 16% growth, and normalized diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.58 or 35% growth over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue and normalized diluted EPS grew 12% and 14%, respectively. Now I'd like to address several specific initiatives. First, I'm pleased to announce that we signed a new, multi-year referral agreement with CIBC. We remain strong, supportive partners, and we look forward to providing compelling merchant solutions for CIBC for many years to come. In regard to future Visa sponsorship in Canada, we have a number of alternatives including new bank sponsors and direct membership through our own Canadian loan company. We will choose the most advantageous approach to ensure a timely implementation well in advance of the March 2011 conclusion of the CIBC-Visa sponsorship agreement. Next, I'm pleased to announce that we are on schedule to migrate our U.S. platforms to G2, our proprietary front-end authorization system by the end of September. We successfully migrated a number of U.S. merchants over to G2 in a test fashion this summer. And based on the September migration date, we anticipate G2 generating approximately $4 million of cash savings in fiscal 2011, excluding depreciation expense of $2 million. The U.S. migration represents annualized cash savings of $6 million with annual depreciation of about $3 million. We are currently targeting Canada to be converted by the end of fiscal 2012 and the U.K. to be converted by the middle of fiscal 2013. It may be helpful to remind everyone that G2 provides Global Payments with a huge competitive advantage in terms of both economic leverage and product delivery. The significant scale advantages, in addition to the expanding level of savings we expect to achieve as we migrate, will become apparent as we grow volume and transactions over the coming years with very low incremental front-end cost in multiple markets around the world. We also continue to execute our strategy of leveraging our back-end platform, which performs pricing settlement and other back-office functions. We anticipate completing the U.K. migration to our own back-end system at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2011. We expect this migration to provide overall service flexibility within our merchant operations and substantially greater pricing capabilities. I'm also pleased to announce the opening of our new Global Service Center or GSC in Manila, Philippines. Over the long-term, we anticipate this center will handle many of our customer and operational support functions. The center will initially focus on our international operations, and will eventually supplement services for all of our regions around the world. Lastly, I'm delighted to announce that HSBC recently received approval from the Beijing Bank Card Market Coordination Committee. This is the final step in a multi-year process to secure direct processing of renminbi transactions in China. Consequently, I am pleased to say that we will begin offering CUP card acquiring services to Chinese merchants by the end of the summer. Now here's David to discuss the financial details. David?
David Mangum: Thanks, Paul. I plan to review our fiscal 2010 results and then turn to fiscal 2011 expectations. During the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, the dollar weakened against the Canadian dollar and the British pound. On a sequential basis, however, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the British pound and weakened against the Canadian dollar, about as we expected. U.S. Merchant Services revenue grew 18% for the quarter driven by our ISO channel and overall U.S. transaction growth of 19%. Average ticket amounts were slightly down sequentially from the third quarter and down 6% from last year. Overall, debit growth continues to outstrip credit growth. Total debit represents about 60% of our U.S. transaction base with PIN debit representing less than 10% of total transactions. Canadian transactions grew 7% for the quarter over last year, while average ticket amounts were slightly down sequentially as compared to third quarter and down 2% on a year-over-year basis. In local currency, Canadian revenue declined a little less than 1%. We continue to believe that macroeconomic conditions there remain challenging, resulting in spread compression and pressure on our total North America margins. International Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 9% in Q4, primarily driven by strong performances in Russia and the Asia-Pacific region. Asia Pacific revenue grew 28% for the quarter due in part to strong growth and dynamic currency conversion. Total normalized company operating margins from continuing operations for the fourth quarter were 17.4%, up from 17.3% last year. Full year 2010 normalized operating margins from continuing operations were 19.8%, essentially flat with last year's 20%, which we regard as solid performance given the challenges we faced this year. Earnings from normalized continuing operations for the fourth quarter benefited a bit from an effective tax rate of 28.8%, which reflects the improved performance of our Asia-Pacific business. Our full year 2010 normalized effective tax rate was about what we expected at 29.5%. We completed the sale of our Money Transfer businesses at the end of May, and received $85 million in proceeds, which we used for our stock-repurchase program. We completed our 100 million share buyback program in the quarter purchasing about 2.4 million shares at an average price of $41.97. For FY 2010, we generated free cash flow of a little over $250 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. As of May 31, 2010, we have placed $54.9 million of G2 assets into service, and we expect to begin depreciating the U.S. portion starting in October of 2010. We expect annual U.S. G2 depreciation to be about $3 million initially with $2 million for the partial year in 2011. Turning now to our current expectations for FY 2011. From a foreign-exchange perspective, our outlook for fiscal 2011 assumes that the U.S. dollar remains constant or slightly weakens against the Canadian dollar, and remains constant or slightly strengthens against the British pound, Czech koruna and the Russian ruble. We believe the net effect likely creates a modest headwind for us in 2011. Fluctuations in currency rates, of course, may cause variances to our outlook. For the U.S, we anticipate overall revenue growth to be in the low-double digit range for fiscal 2011. We expect continued strong performance from the ISO channel, though perhaps a slightly slower overall growth rate given the sheer size of that channel, and solid U.S. direct and check and gaming growth. Last month, we lost a merchant from our U.S. Direct business. While less than 1% of U.S. revenue, the account was highly profitable. The loss will remove approximately $0.06 of earnings per share representing two percentage points of earnings growth from overall company diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2011. Our 2011 earnings and growth guidance, of course, incorporates this one-time loss. In Canada, we expect local currency revenue to be about flat with prior year. In total, we expect margins to be down a bit in North America driven by ISO growth and the challenges through which we are working in Canada. For international, first, we anticipate annual revenue growth in the mid- to high teens again for Asia-Pacific. In Europe, as we annualize the Russian acquisition, revenue growth understandably will slow a bit. We expect solid, mid-single digit revenue growth in Russia to offset declines in our business in the Czech Republic where some of the large customer renewals we discussed in fiscal 2010 will not annualize until later in fiscal 2011. In the U.K, we are in the process of exiting some high-risk, low-margin International Acquiring business that came to Global Payments via the original acquisition, to better align with our overall approach to risk management. This will not have a meaningful effect on overall international profitability, but will reduce U.K. local currency revenue growth in 2011 to low- to mid-single digits. Regardless, we anticipate another year of strong double digit profit growth from the U.K. Given the anticipated strength of the U.S. dollar, we expect overall international revenue growth in U.S. dollars to be in the low-single digits. We expect international margins to continue to expand nicely in 2011 due to ongoing scale benefits in Asia, strong operating profit growth in the U.K. and continued progress in Russia. We expect the total company operating margin to be as much as flat with our 2010 margin of about 19.8%. We expect the 2011 effective tax rate to be consistent with 2010, with the first half of the year slightly higher than our full year rate, and we expect LIBOR to increase steadily over the course of the year. We expect diluted shares to approach 81 million for the year. We anticipate spending about $55 million in ongoing capital expenditures primarily for terminals in Canada, the U.K, Asia-Pacific and Russia and infrastructure investments. In addition, we expect to incur one-time capital investments of about $12 million on the Global Service Center and about $17 million on the new data center we discussed last quarter, for a total outlay of as much as $85 million for the year. Our 2011 normalized EPS expectations of $2.68 to $2.77 exclude $14 million or $0.12 of start-up costs relating to the new Global Service Center. For those of you tracking cash earnings, amortization expense for continuing operations after non-controlling interest for the fiscal year 2010 totaled about $30 million. Total normalized stock compensation for the year totaled about $15 million, which excludes amounts related to the money transfer divestiture and certain one-time termination benefits. For fiscal 2011, we expect acquisition-related amortization expense of about $29 million, and stock compensation of about $17 million. Please note that amortization will fluctuate over the course of the year due to currency translation. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Garcia: Thanks, David. Based on our current outlook for continuing operations, we expect fiscal 2011 annual revenue of $1.735 billion to $1.770 billion or 6% to 8% growth over fiscal 2010. This would be 7% to 9% growth on a constant currency basis. We also expect fiscal 2011 diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.68 to $2.77, reflecting 6% to 9% growth over fiscal 2010, which would be $2.71 to $2.79 or 7% to 10% growth on a constant currency basis over last year. Before we go to questions, I want to take a moment to discuss our long-term opportunities. The adoption of electronic payments around the world continues to fuel both our industry's overall growth and our organic growth. We continue to believe that our mix of businesses in mature markets that yield higher margins and investable cash flows, and in earlier stage, long-term growth markets such as China, Russia and India, provide a solid platform for both near- and long-term growth. As I consider our company's growth prospects, I'm excited about our unique position in Asia, and particularly China; our leadership position in Russia and our market position in the U.K. In addition, the opportunity to expand into new and existing markets is stronger than ever before. Speaking of expansion and based on the inherent operating leverage in our business, which will be further enhanced by the Global Service Center and the roll out of G2, and the full benefit of the back-end U.K. migration, we are confident that FY 2012 and beyond will witness tangible margin expansion. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Global Payments Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott (sic) [Forbes]. Please go ahead.
Jane Forbes: Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jeff Sloan, President; and David Mangum, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made today on this call may refer to certain measures for full year fiscal 2010, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, July 27, 2010, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul Garcia: Thank you, Jane, and thanks for joining us this afternoon. For our fiscal 2010 full year, and I should add, in the worst economy we've experienced in 75 years, we delivered solid financial performance with revenue growth of 12% to $1.642 billion and normalized diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.54 or 21% growth compared to last year. Currency rates provided a lift to our financials during the year. And accordingly, full year revenue and normalized EPS growth rates were 11% and 15%, respectively on a constant currency basis. For our fourth quarter, we achieved revenue of $425 million, which represents 16% growth, and normalized diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.58 or 35% growth over last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue and normalized diluted EPS grew 12% and 14%, respectively. Now I'd like to address several specific initiatives. First, I'm pleased to announce that we signed a new, multi-year referral agreement with CIBC. We remain strong, supportive partners, and we look forward to providing compelling merchant solutions for CIBC for many years to come. In regard to future Visa sponsorship in Canada, we have a number of alternatives including new bank sponsors and direct membership through our own Canadian loan company. We will choose the most advantageous approach to ensure a timely implementation well in advance of the March 2011 conclusion of the CIBC-Visa sponsorship agreement. Next, I'm pleased to announce that we are on schedule to migrate our U.S. platforms to G2, our proprietary front-end authorization system by the end of September. We successfully migrated a number of U.S. merchants over to G2 in a test fashion this summer. And based on the September migration date, we anticipate G2 generating approximately $4 million of cash savings in fiscal 2011, excluding depreciation expense of $2 million. The U.S. migration represents annualized cash savings of $6 million with annual depreciation of about $3 million. We are currently targeting Canada to be converted by the end of fiscal 2012 and the U.K. to be converted by the middle of fiscal 2013. It may be helpful to remind everyone that G2 provides Global Payments with a huge competitive advantage in terms of both economic leverage and product delivery. The significant scale advantages, in addition to the expanding level of savings we expect to achieve as we migrate, will become apparent as we grow volume and transactions over the coming years with very low incremental front-end cost in multiple markets around the world. We also continue to execute our strategy of leveraging our back-end platform, which performs pricing settlement and other back-office functions. We anticipate completing the U.K. migration to our own back-end system at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2011. We expect this migration to provide overall service flexibility within our merchant operations and substantially greater pricing capabilities. I'm also pleased to announce the opening of our new Global Service Center or GSC in Manila, Philippines. Over the long-term, we anticipate this center will handle many of our customer and operational support functions. The center will initially focus on our international operations, and will eventually supplement services for all of our regions around the world. Lastly, I'm delighted to announce that HSBC recently received approval from the Beijing Bank Card Market Coordination Committee. This is the final step in a multi-year process to secure direct processing of renminbi transactions in China. Consequently, I am pleased to say that we will begin offering CUP card acquiring services to Chinese merchants by the end of the summer. Now here's David to discuss the financial details. David?
David Mangum: Thanks, Paul. I plan to review our fiscal 2010 results and then turn to fiscal 2011 expectations. During the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, the dollar weakened against the Canadian dollar and the British pound. On a sequential basis, however, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the British pound and weakened against the Canadian dollar, about as we expected. U.S. Merchant Services revenue grew 18% for the quarter driven by our ISO channel and overall U.S. transaction growth of 19%. Average ticket amounts were slightly down sequentially from the third quarter and down 6% from last year. Overall, debit growth continues to outstrip credit growth. Total debit represents about 60% of our U.S. transaction base with PIN debit representing less than 10% of total transactions. Canadian transactions grew 7% for the quarter over last year, while average ticket amounts were slightly down sequentially as compared to third quarter and down 2% on a year-over-year basis. In local currency, Canadian revenue declined a little less than 1%. We continue to believe that macroeconomic conditions there remain challenging, resulting in spread compression and pressure on our total North America margins. International Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 9% in Q4, primarily driven by strong performances in Russia and the Asia-Pacific region. Asia Pacific revenue grew 28% for the quarter due in part to strong growth and dynamic currency conversion. Total normalized company operating margins from continuing operations for the fourth quarter were 17.4%, up from 17.3% last year. Full year 2010 normalized operating margins from continuing operations were 19.8%, essentially flat with last year's 20%, which we regard as solid performance given the challenges we faced this year. Earnings from normalized continuing operations for the fourth quarter benefited a bit from an effective tax rate of 28.8%, which reflects the improved performance of our Asia-Pacific business. Our full year 2010 normalized effective tax rate was about what we expected at 29.5%. We completed the sale of our Money Transfer businesses at the end of May, and received $85 million in proceeds, which we used for our stock-repurchase program. We completed our 100 million share buyback program in the quarter purchasing about 2.4 million shares at an average price of $41.97. For FY 2010, we generated free cash flow of a little over $250 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash flows excluding the impact of settlement assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. As of May 31, 2010, we have placed $54.9 million of G2 assets into service, and we expect to begin depreciating the U.S. portion starting in October of 2010. We expect annual U.S. G2 depreciation to be about $3 million initially with $2 million for the partial year in 2011. Turning now to our current expectations for FY 2011. From a foreign-exchange perspective, our outlook for fiscal 2011 assumes that the U.S. dollar remains constant or slightly weakens against the Canadian dollar, and remains constant or slightly strengthens against the British pound, Czech koruna and the Russian ruble. We believe the net effect likely creates a modest headwind for us in 2011. Fluctuations in currency rates, of course, may cause variances to our outlook. For the U.S, we anticipate overall revenue growth to be in the low-double digit range for fiscal 2011. We expect continued strong performance from the ISO channel, though perhaps a slightly slower overall growth rate given the sheer size of that channel, and solid U.S. direct and check and gaming growth. Last month, we lost a merchant from our U.S. Direct business. While less than 1% of U.S. revenue, the account was highly profitable. The loss will remove approximately $0.06 of earnings per share representing two percentage points of earnings growth from overall company diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2011. Our 2011 earnings and growth guidance, of course, incorporates this one-time loss. In Canada, we expect local currency revenue to be about flat with prior year. In total, we expect margins to be down a bit in North America driven by ISO growth and the challenges through which we are working in Canada. For international, first, we anticipate annual revenue growth in the mid- to high teens again for Asia-Pacific. In Europe, as we annualize the Russian acquisition, revenue growth understandably will slow a bit. We expect solid, mid-single digit revenue growth in Russia to offset declines in our business in the Czech Republic where some of the large customer renewals we discussed in fiscal 2010 will not annualize until later in fiscal 2011. In the U.K, we are in the process of exiting some high-risk, low-margin International Acquiring business that came to Global Payments via the original acquisition, to better align with our overall approach to risk management. This will not have a meaningful effect on overall international profitability, but will reduce U.K. local currency revenue growth in 2011 to low- to mid-single digits. Regardless, we anticipate another year of strong double digit profit growth from the U.K. Given the anticipated strength of the U.S. dollar, we expect overall international revenue growth in U.S. dollars to be in the low-single digits. We expect international margins to continue to expand nicely in 2011 due to ongoing scale benefits in Asia, strong operating profit growth in the U.K. and continued progress in Russia. We expect the total company operating margin to be as much as flat with our 2010 margin of about 19.8%. We expect the 2011 effective tax rate to be consistent with 2010, with the first half of the year slightly higher than our full year rate, and we expect LIBOR to increase steadily over the course of the year. We expect diluted shares to approach 81 million for the year. We anticipate spending about $55 million in ongoing capital expenditures primarily for terminals in Canada, the U.K, Asia-Pacific and Russia and infrastructure investments. In addition, we expect to incur one-time capital investments of about $12 million on the Global Service Center and about $17 million on the new data center we discussed last quarter, for a total outlay of as much as $85 million for the year. Our 2011 normalized EPS expectations of $2.68 to $2.77 exclude $14 million or $0.12 of start-up costs relating to the new Global Service Center. For those of you tracking cash earnings, amortization expense for continuing operations after non-controlling interest for the fiscal year 2010 totaled about $30 million. Total normalized stock compensation for the year totaled about $15 million, which excludes amounts related to the money transfer divestiture and certain one-time termination benefits. For fiscal 2011, we expect acquisition-related amortization expense of about $29 million, and stock compensation of about $17 million. Please note that amortization will fluctuate over the course of the year due to currency translation. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Garcia: Thanks, David. Based on our current outlook for continuing operations, we expect fiscal 2011 annual revenue of $1.735 billion to $1.770 billion or 6% to 8% growth over fiscal 2010. This would be 7% to 9% growth on a constant currency basis. We also expect fiscal 2011 diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.68 to $2.77, reflecting 6% to 9% growth over fiscal 2010, which would be $2.71 to $2.79 or 7% to 10% growth on a constant currency basis over last year. Before we go to questions, I want to take a moment to discuss our long-term opportunities. The adoption of electronic payments around the world continues to fuel both our industry's overall growth and our organic growth. We continue to believe that our mix of businesses in mature markets that yield higher margins and investable cash flows, and in earlier stage, long-term growth markets such as China, Russia and India, provide a solid platform for both near- and long-term growth. As I consider our company's growth prospects, I'm excited about our unique position in Asia, and particularly China; our leadership position in Russia and our market position in the U.K. In addition, the opportunity to expand into new and existing markets is stronger than ever before. Speaking of expansion and based on the inherent operating leverage in our business, which will be further enhanced by the Global Service Center and the roll out of G2, and the full benefit of the back-end U.K. migration, we are confident that FY 2012 and beyond will witness tangible margin expansion. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Ill ask, I guess, on the G2 side, the cost-savings projections that you laid out. I'm curious, what's the calculation for that savings? Is it just the savings from converting to the new platform and sunsetting the old? Does it capture higher incremental margins as volume grows? Maybe if you can just elaborate on that.
David Mangum: Tien-Tsin, this is David. The base calculation for the first year is just what you described. It really is what would have been our run rate expenses for the year on the legacy platforms we expect to shut down over the course of, sort of, October, November, December, post the migration. Those go away and then what comes back in is the lower cost platform. So less resources necessary to run the platform, lower operating costs in general when you think of maintenance and base depreciation on the equipment itself. So that's the initial calculation for the first year. Your question is certainly pressing in that as we go beyond this into the future years is where we really see a lot of the benefit of G2 coming in. We get a real truly compounding effect, increasing returns leveraged from this platform when you begin to put all new volume onto a platform with very low incremental cost. Now if you go out, you heard in Pauls comments, you go out a year or two, begin to lay all of your Canadian and U.K. volume on top of that, then youve got essentially all of your worldwide platforms on one platform. That really is where the true sizable benefits will begin to come in from G2 in the long term. But you're exactly right in characterizing '11 is the year where it's really just a substitution effect of new, slightly lower cost for the old legacy cost. And then follow it up with lower step functions as we go forward. And layer more and more volume on top of the same single platform.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, got it. And then the start-up expenses in the Philippines, I think the $0.12. Is that service center going to ultimately replace your existing service center or is it really more supplemental? I'm trying to gauge if this is an added cost or a part of a broader consolidation effort.
David Mangum: Well, it's part of a broader effort at long-term margin expansion and cost control. So it is not by definition going to replace our existing centers. It will complement our existing centers. But remember, we obviously believe we'll see more and more volume, transactional and dollar volume, which will drive more and more calls to our call center, more and more charge backs, more and more of the activities that's still a center like this. So we think this will add an enormous amount of cost leverage and bold capacity to our infrastructure. So we'll have the ability to both balance our different loads of calls and begin to drive most of our growth to the offshore platform thatll accommodate cheap incremental costs as well.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, great. On the CIBC front, glad to hear the extension there. Any change in the economics net of the sponsorship change there that we need to consider?
Paul Garcia: Tien-Tsin, this is Paul, and the answer to that question is no.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, good. Thats a easy and clear answer then. Just for you, Paul, do you have a view on long-term EPS growth for Global Payments? Obviously, there's a lot of moving pieces going on. You laid out your strategy, et cetera. I'm curious if there's a new thinking here that we have on long-term earnings growth for Global?
Paul Garcia: Well, Tien-Tsin, you're correct to pick up in the first time in our 10-year history, we've actually talked about a fiscal year, a whole year forward. We've never done that before, and we did that intentionally with a lot of circumspection. And the reason is that we feel very comfortable with the margin growth opportunities from G2, from the Global Service Center, from the back-end migrations, particularly the one in the U.K. Obviously, just the inherent leverage within the business and the growth prospects around the world. You add those together, it has to boil down to margin improvements. So we said we feel that strongly, let's just say it. So we said it.
Operator: We will go next to Jim Kissane with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Paul, just following up on Tien-Tsins question there. Maybe your updated thoughts on financial reform now that its been signed. In particular, the interchange regulations?
Paul Garcia: Jim, we could spend the rest of the call on that. This Durbin Bill, we're speaking specifically about Durbin not Dodd-Frank. The Durbin Bill is in the hands of the Fed now, so we've got to wait and see what they do. But I will tell you, and I've said this to you personally over the years, I believe interchange is going to come down. Im right. Interchange is coming down. So I think Ive been validated in that. And I think it was obvious to everyone it had to. Theres too many forces that would conspire to have any other outcome but that. So interchange is coming down. I've also always said that interchange comes down, it's good for all the processors. We're in that bay where that rising tide lifts all those ships. So were part of that. So clearly, there's a benefit. Also I hasten to say that even the author of that Bill, Mr. Durbin, has never suggested, in fact, theyve actually come out and said the opposite, that they do not believe that our industry, the acquiring industry, is anything but highly competitive, and they've actually said that. So no one is suggesting that we be regulated. However, with that said and done, we've got to be cautious about our pronouncements. You've got to be fair in how you would share those savings. It's clear that big merchants, especially those passed through, get it all. Smaller merchants are not going to get as much. Now here's the beauty of that. If somebody gets greedy, I will take their business. If I get greedy, they will take mine. And there are hundreds of service processors out there competing for that. Free enterprise will dictate the answer. I think it'll be a good one at the end of the day for everybody. And I think that's a lift for all of us. And one last thing, this is going to happen. I mean next summer, this is going to happen. We're going to see it out there, and we're going to be talking about it.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thats helpful. And I guess a quick question or a clarification for David. Just the accounting policies around expensing or capitalizing the Manila facility?
David Mangum: Sure, Jim. There actually is very little capitalized. We're not going to capitalize. There are no development costs, for example, that go into building the facility. It really is the start-up cost to get a facility out there, get it running, get it furnished. So there's some capital around the furniture, but traditional capital with furniture with a regular depreciation life, et cetera. We're not creating intangible assets here, I guess, is probably the easiest way to answer that question.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And since Jeff is there, maybe -- Paul, obviously pipe in here, the M&A environment, maybe the pipeline out there, what valuations look like and your appetite at this point given G2 and the comments you said about the inherent leverage.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: It's Jeff. I'm happy to address that. I mean just given my background thats obviously an area that I spend a lot of time on historically. I would say from our perspective there's a fairly full pipeline of potential transactions that we're seeing currently. I think we're well positioned on almost all those. If you think about what we've done historically and Ive worked with the company on most of these with CIBC and HSBC, for example. I think we've got a great track record managing integration and execution and getting synergies and additional revenue growth out of deals that we've done before. And I also think our balance sheet is such that were in a very good capital position. So I think from our point of view, Jim, we actually see a lot of opportunity there and it also plays into an area where I've spent a lot of time in. In terms of pricing, which is the other element of your question, that's going to vary with the capital markets and with who the buyer group is. I would say we feel very good in the current environment about our ability to compete very effectively for transactions that we're most interested in relative to our historical competition.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: For FY '11 and the top and bottom line growth were obviously about the same here, and you guys talked about a flattish margin profile year-over-year in '11. So what are really the most significant offsets preventing better earnings growth this year? You're getting some G2 savings, unclear if that's necessarily as much as people might have thought, but is it just that you're going to continue to see more mix towards the ISO channel and then I know you have the direct merchant loss in the U.S. that you guys called out, but are there other factors here preventing the operating leverage from starting to come through?
Paul Garcia: Yes, Jason. I don't think there are any new factors. We really do have an enormous amount of ISO growth that continues to fuel a lot of our North American progress. We talked a little bit about the U.K. on the prepared comments. We'll still grow income there double digits despite exiting some businesses there that don't match our risk profile. The only other element to keep in mind is weve talked a lot in the last two or three quarters, we have some issues to work through in Canada. We think they're macro driven, but they relate to retention and new sales and just spread compression in general. It will take us a little while to work through those over the course of the year. So you probably won't see the full progress we might expect on an annual basis from our Canadian entity. But I really, I don't think there are any hidden surprises inside the pieces of the guidance. I think you put your finger on them in your question.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then just walk us through the thought process with the Global Service Center in terms of excluding the start-up expenses from the guidance. I mean at a high level, I guess, it sounds like you're investing in a business and that's positive because you're tying that to your expectation for more volume and transaction growth over time. But just how you guys think about from kind of a policy perspective, what to include and exclude?
David Mangum: Right. Well I think from a policy perspective were looking at a significant one-time investment with the return over the next three to 10 years and beyond. In fact there's arguably a terminal value return on this thing. So when we think about policy we discuss it, for example, with the board or internally amongst the management team, it really is a validated investment with a significant one-time impact that has great returns over a long period of time. That really is the summary at the end of the day. There's no arcane internal process around this. We've got a capital investment, a pretty significant expense investment with really no offsetting benefit until you get to 2012 and beyond.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. On the regulatory front, I know you guys reiterated that PIN debit is less than 10% of your transactions in the U.S. Would you expect that percentage to increase over time, if Sig. debit interchange rates get lowered, much, much closer to the PIN debit rates due to the Durbin amendment?
David Mangum: You know, Jason, I have to say that I think the bigger pony is in the signature. In a while, I think PIN debit will go down. PIN debit is already highly competitive. I think it'll get less expensive, but I think there's going to be a bigger adjustment in the signature debit side. That's 50% of the volume in the U.S. 50%, and that's pretty much standard across the board. And clearly our expense, but I don't think that's atypical. That's going to be the bigger impact. Now, if I just take the spirit of your question, will you get a shift into more PIN and signature? The card issuers haven't been heard from yet either. I mean they're part of this. They may, I'm not suggesting this, but they may offer additional benefits for people to use a credit card and not necessarily. And so that's another piece of this that needs to work through. So I would say, I would think probably immediately youre not going to get a lot of switch because I think the merchant only has so much opportunity to actually influence a consumer payment. And that's kind of the big fallacy in this whole discussion, they only have so much opportunity. At the end of the day, the consumers going to pick. And what's in their wallet may be more determined by the financial institutions. So theres a little more chapter to be played out here.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And, Jason, maybe to augment that with a pure growth side of the answer. If you had a view of our metrics at a more detailed level, which unfortunately you don't, but when you take our transaction growth, we talk about PIN and signature. Although if you look at our full year channels, our PIN debit is growing faster than signature, it's only a hair faster than signature. Debit overall is growing rapidly.
Operator: We'll go next to Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Dave, I just wanted to understand a comment you made on Canada. Is it more economically related, some of the issues youre running through there? Or is it company-related or something specific, I guess, with Global Payment that's causing some of the headwinds for FY '11?
David Mangum: Kartik, I believe and we believe it starts with macroeconomic. And from there, you start with an environment where it's tough to grow, tough to convince consumers to come into your establishment. You end up in a situation where major merchants can more significantly discount and attract consumers into their stores, which will create a little bit of spread pressure for an acquirer like us given that theyre obviously operating at spreads a fraction of those of the middle and small market merchants. To that, you might see a little bit more attrition, which could be as simple as bankruptcies, and we've seen a number of those in our metrics over time. And then beyond that, overall is sort of the idea of spread compression to the market overall. Final piece of the puzzle is more growing presence of ISOs there, which obviously create a little more competition at the low end of the market. In addition if theyre a piece of our growth, as they are, they obviously come in at a slightly lower margin than the rest of the business. So all in, we start with a root cause of macro challenges in a difficult environment, and you move on to retention and new sales. We actually think our execution is steadily improving. I've talked before about again having to work through a couple of quarters, annualize some of the spread and really have our investments in retention and new sales come to fruition. As an example of that level of execution, we literally, recently renewed our largest customer in Canada. So we think we're making slow-and-steady progress thatll be tangible as we get to the later part of '11 and into '12.
Paul Garcia: And let me add, if I may, Kartik, this is Paul, that Jeff Sloan, one of the areas that hes going to be focusing on right out of the gate here is, in fact, Canada working with their management team. And we have excellent products and excellent services. But there are some things that we can probably do better and we are focused on those, and Jeff will be a great help in bringing clarity to that.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Paul, you talked about the margins in FY '12 and you sound extremely confident. I'm wondering is that confidence the result of what's happening with G2 and the U.K., even though you continue to execute well on the ISO business in North America, and that obviously puts pressure on your margin. So even with that pressure you believe that the other benefits are so great that margin should improve enough by '12?
Paul Garcia: Yes, Kartik, I think you said that perfectly. The back-end, the GSC, the Global Service Center, and G2, all come together even with the headwind of the ISOs continuing to grow very nicely. And that growth could slow a little bit. It has to, its the law of large numbers. But yes, weve considered all of that and feel confident enough to make that statement.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then, maybe, you talked about acquisitions. Are the opportunities more domestic or international now? I know in the past weve really focused on international, but Im just wondering if anythings changed in that landscape?
Paul Garcia: The answer is both. There are some -- first of all, I would say that I think there are more opportunities, and that the marketplace is richer and riper now then I remember in years and years and years and years. But they are everywhere. I mean there's some in the U.S. There are opportunities in South America, there are opportunities in Asia and opportunities in Europe. And we are literally pursuing all of them. So Jeff, why dont you give a little more color?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Kartik, I would say that the U.S. remains the largest market of opportunity just in terms of the payment pie in front of us. So obviously, we're spending a lot of time there. And there is, I think, a lot of opportunity that were seeing currently in the United States in terms of M&A potential. But exactly what Paul said, I also think theres opportunities globally coming out of the current economic environment for us to really make a difference as we've done in the past with our other financial institution-related transactions to really move the ball forward in the M&A area, and were looking at those as well. So as I think, as we think about fiscal 11 on the M&A side, I think the key thing for us is to make sure that we are seeing the opportunities that are out there which I think we are, and that were evaluating the right way, which I also believe that were doing. So I think we feel very good about where we are in that business today, and I would look for us to spend a lot of times in those areas.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: You talked about pricing for acquisitions and demand for acquisitions. We hear a lot of talk about so much private money or private venture capital on the sideline. Is there more competition for these acquisitions, and could that have an impact on price?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Kartik, it's a great question. I would say that it's always been a highly competitive market. So not that competition today is really any different, in my experience, than it was the old, last economic cycle. I would say whats different today, from my point of view, is that our relative position in that marketplace, with the history that weve got on the execution side, with our management team, with the deals that we've done and executed, I think, very well on, coupled with where we are from a balance sheet point of view, I do think today, relative to past cycles is very distinctive. So while the competition hasn't changed, in my experience, I think our positioning within the competition has really improved. And I think we're in a very good position in those markets.
David Mangum: I would just add one thing. I think, Kartik, were seeing more sponsors, less strategics. That's a bit of a change. And that will be interesting to see how that plays out too.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two questions, both, I guess, around the competitive environment. Number one, if you could just talk a bit about the customer you identified that was going to cost you about $0.05 to $0.06 a share? Just any thoughts you might share as to why youre confident that that's more of a one-time event per se as being indicative of any kind of competitive pressure you may see or expect to see in North America?
David Mangum: Yes, a very fair question. What happened is this was a customer that started in a relatively new service as a small customer. And had a small customer rate. This customer grew to be a significant customer, with us for years, and the rate never caught up. We, quite frankly, they were paying a small customer rate and they were becoming a sizable customer. This was not something that we handled well. It came to the customer's attention. They were justifiably angry and kind of fired us with prejudice. So let me be very frank. So that's not -- any of that is not good. However, I will tell you we have scrubbed everything. This is unique scenario. I mean this was a super unique scenario. Because you saw the impact on us, you can imagine the spread being charged to this guy. So it was a super unique scenario. It does not exist. We're not going to be coming to you in future quarters and saying theres other scenarios like this. So it truly is unique.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Now was this one merchant or was this a selling organization? I cant remember if you identified the type.
Paul Garcia: We did say, but it is actually a merchant. I think we did say it was a merchant. It is, let me qualify. It's not an association. It's a merchant.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then just second around competition, maybe tying it into the M&A discussion with so much activity that appears to be out there. Number one, do you have any observations around the competitive behavior of some of your primary competitors as a whole in North America? Second, if we were to see some of the activity through the books that are being circulated, actually occur. Would history or your knowledge of the industry lead you to believe that there would be any kind of change in the competitive dynamic as it now exists? If we start to hear about properties changing hands and deals getting done, should we think about competitive issues any differently?
Paul Garcia: Yes, I think there's a couple of things. So I'm going to let the team kind of jump in on this one because this is a very good question. The competitive landscape has changed. So the kind of elephant in the room is the individual with the largest market share is focused on a number of things. Theyre still a formidable competitor. But they're not out making a lot of acquisitions, and they're going through some management structure, and that does have an impact, in all fairness. Once again, they're still formidable and I don't wish them ill, but that's just the reality. Weve another very large competitor, also here in Atlanta. Their CEO just announced that he'd be leaving and he's a very talented guy, quite frankly. And it's a loss for them and it's a gain for where he's going. Hes going in a noncompetitive industry. Hes a very bright guy, but once again, that organization is more than one person and they have some very good talent, and theyll still remain a tough competitor. The ISO environment, a lot of books floating around ISO. Some are ours, some are not. And not all ISOs are exactly the same. Some are really more like direct merchant acquirers, where others are more traditional ISOs with lots of commission-only sales people. And some of these have been successfully offered, some are in process and some have actually been withdrawn. I think that this market continues to consolidate. I think that by definition changes things. But as I said to the earlier question that was asked, I think we're seeing more sponsors and less strategics. And that in and of itself is pretty unusual. And we believe were in a unique position. We're strategic, by definition, we have opportunities to make acquisitions and then consolidate them to our platforms and come up with big savings that a sponsor, by definition, usually cant. So were pretty enthusiastic. You guys want to add something?
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, Tim, its Jeff. I guess what I would add to that is that consolidation and competition has been the nature of this business for a very long period of time. From our perspective, what will leave you coming out of the marketplace is opportunities like this, or opportunities for us to get bigger in our core business. So we welcome a lot of the competition and consolidation that we're seeing. On your question about the activity changing the nature of how we look at our business, I don't see that at all. I see this really as an opportunity for us to deploy capital, to continue growing in businesses that we're already in, that we know and that we like. I really see it as additional opportunity beyond what we would currently do.
Operator: We'll go next to Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I guess the first question would be on Europe. It looked like the growth really slowed down, at least year-over-year, and somewhat sequentially as well. Is it the U.K? Is it Czechoslovakia? Is it sort of paring back already some of those lower margin business in the U.K? Just a little bit more color on the slowdown in Europe.
David Mangum: Sure, Glenn. It is, indeed, the list you described. So it is the continued challenges in Czech Republic and I referenced earlier on the call, I think, that we've got a couple more customers renewing and itll affect us this year. One for the full year, one for half year, one for about a quarter of the year. In addition to just a challenging economic environment, the Czech Republic, so that's a part of it, and that will obviously carry over into '11. On the U.K. directly, yes, we began to exit, what we call the International Merchants Acquiring Business in the fourth quarter. So that's a headwind for us in Q4 when you look at the business sequentially or year-over-year. In addition, currency hit us pretty hard in the U.K. on the top line, a little on the bottom line as well for that matter in the fourth quarter. So you bring those couple of things into combination and thats sort of your Europe answer for the fourth quarter. I think I would relate that to 11 too while were on the topic. Just that it will take us a little while to watch that year-over-year growth in the U.K. come back to a very high positive number that we expect by the end of the year because this International Acquiring Business will be fully offered a piece of that, that we expect to go will be fully off in Q1, and of course, we'll have grow-overs in Q1, Q2 and Q3 on the way to getting back to annualizing it in Q4.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Any way to sort of directionally size what that businesses is that you're exiting?
Paul Garcia: There isn't really a good way because at the end of the day we really dont want to announce the number to the competitor to which its going. We obviously spent a lot of time with our customer there who brings us this volume, helping them have a fairly seamless exit to a competitor who is more willing to process some of the business that we historically don't. But it's tough to size. At the end of the day if I take you back to sort of the overall view of the guidance, were looking at low- to mid-single digit growth in the U.K. in local currency. Now what that means is this International Acquiring portfolio obviously declined, and our core Card business there is going to grow double digits. So we're pretty happy about that, and it's probably worth me emphasizing it. Double digit revenue growth in the U.K. absent this International Acquiring Merchant base going away. So that's low- to mid-single digits in local currency. We expect currency to hurt us likely in the U.K. over the course of the year when you compare sort of July exit rates to where you think the curves going to be come end of next year. We think currencys going to be a headwind in the U.K. And so, those are the pieces of the U.K. I cant probably size it much better than that for you, Glenn.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: No, thats great. Thats helpful. And then, just a different direction. Just an update on sort of where we stand in terms of ISO renewals and also the pricing environment. What are we to tell ourselves as we go into '11?
Paul Garcia: Glenn, this is Paul Garcia. So, Glenn, we have renewed all of our big ISOs and they're multiyear renewals. We got that accomplished actually months ago. So that's behind us and we feel very good about it.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then, David, just one more on the service center in the Philippines. Is there a way to think about the ongoing COGS run rate after the start-up costs that I would assume would be incremental?
David Mangum: There isn't a great way, Glenn. As we get toward '12, I can help you more with that. Let us get it started. We'll obviously be pulling it out all year long for you, but well probably have a pretty good exit run rate in Q4 of '11 thatll tell you how we kind of start into '12 and beyond, and then it would be incremental growth and theyre based on volume, so if it's okay with you, lets watch as the year goes on and shapes. And I think youll have a pretty consistent view that will help you out as we get into the latter half of 11.
Paul Garcia: I want to add something here too, Glenn. This obviously is a sensitive subject because it concerns people who are performing these functions in some cases in other places. So this center is initially being constructed. It can be sized. It can expand. And at the end of the day, it'll be less expensive to perform a function there than it is where we perform a function today. So it is part of the margin expansion. And operator, I just want to add one other thing before we go to another question. The first question from Tien-Tsin, he asked were there any change in the economics of CIBC and I said, "no." Now that is correct. There is nothing material. CIBC has approximately 1,000 branches. They refer business to us. We did change the metric which is confidential, but we did satisfy how the customer wanted to be paid and to give them encouragement to give us more and more merchant referrals and we're working with their management team to do that. There were some changes in that, but clearly nothing material.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: So now that you're going to be processing these CUP transactions, can you just remind us how we should be thinking about the margins or the spread around that? Are they going to look more like your direct business or are they going to look more like your ISO business?
Paul Garcia: Dan, Paul. It's going to be direct so what we have right now in Asia is we're processing CUP in many places, just not yet in mainland. We're also processing lots of Visa-MasterCard transactions in mainland. For example, the Apple stores get lots of plays. Big article in The Times a couple weeks ago about them. And there Apples rumored to be opening another 20 in Asia, but the big ones in Shanghai and Beijing are doing exceedingly well. That's our customer. So we make similar spreads on that business. A CUP will be a similar spread to a debit card, not a credit card. So it's a PIN-based debit transaction with similar cents per transactions, very similar to the U.S.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay, and then on G2, just so Im clear, you talk about $4 million cash savings in '11. I think you said depreciation starts in October. My understanding was a big part of the cost-savings comes from the termination of your maintenance kind of service agreement that you had? When does that actually get terminated because it seems like youre recognizing appreciation in advance of actually terminating that?
Paul Garcia: Right, so, Dan, were recognizing the depreciation from when the platform comes into service to get the matching principle right. You are exactly right though. All the costs, maintenance being one of them, for all the different boxes and the pieces, dont all automatically come off 10 1. There are effectively duplicate expenses in the October, November, December time frame, and you really don't begin to see costs peel away until the second half of the fiscal year.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Right. And it was also my understanding that the biggest piece of the cost-savings ended up being that maintenance piece. Theres not a lot of headcount reduction. Theres not a lot of incremental resources that really have shifted here. It seems like that was the bigger chunk. So as we think about modeling that out, the big hits going to come positive, post December. Is that what youre saying?
David Mangum: That's exactly right, Dan. I could not have said it better.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: So the revenue growth in the U.S. was quite strong on a sequential basis, and that's just a function of ISOs kind of continually ramping up, and you're seeing some improvement in direct? I wasn't clear on that.
David Mangum: Yes, for the fourth quarter, specifically, it's ISO-fueled, its some improvement in direct that we think carries into '11 and then it is real improvement in check and gaming. Its sequential growth in check and gaming for the first time in quite some time, that we think sets us up for a very strong year in check and gaming in 2011.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Did you recently win that Harris contract from GCA?
Paul Garcia: This is Paul. We don't comment on that. And I will tell you that we are delighted with our business in the check business and the check/gaming business and I will also tell you that I believe, we're taking market share, if any of that is helpful, Dan.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Thats great. Its the first time Ive heard you kind of comment on positive results in check and gaming in that context.
Paul Garcia: Let me hasten to say that business is doing very well, and we are forecasting for it to continue primarily fueled on the gaming side. To put a finer point on it for the last year or so, as you can imagine, there wasnt a lot of volume in the gaming industry at the end, much less the check industry as well. So Q4 just to say it, again, is the first real tangible sequential revenue growth we've seen in that business for a while. As we look out to '11, we expect more sequential growth and very strong year-over-year growth in that business.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Got it. And then would you care to comment on what you're seeing so far  I guess its easier to kind of peg it to the first quarter, like the next month out for U.S. because I know that as I think about May trends, June looked like it was weaker for a lot of other transactions. And I'm just wondering if you saw the same type of trajectory.
Paul Garcia: Yes, Dan. Our trajectory or our metric trends are very consistent with the overall things you've seen out there, June being a little bit weaker than May. June wasnt so wicked it was a big surprise and obviously, we're sitting here in July so weve been able to incorporate anything that happened in June in our review. The other way to say it at a really much higher level that it was a little weak. It wasn't wildly inconsistent with April and May. And that's kind of how we looked at the rest of the year, whether youre talking about U.S, Canada or some other markets, if you get to the macro level, we're really not anticipating it being a wildly better or wildly worse environment, when you get to sort of a consumer spend or transactional volume level.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And then one last question for Paul. Paul, do you care to define what you mean by tangible for '12?
Paul Garcia: Oh, Dan. No. I would say, You will notice it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Greg Smith with Duncan-Williams.
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc.: You guys discussed dynamic currency conversion helping you out in Asia? And I know Visa made some changes. What's the latest? Is there anything that Visas done that's going to negatively impact you or has that issue been settled?
Paul Garcia: It has not been settled. Some people who really are [indiscernible]. So Visa has put a moratorium. I think it will be settled. I would say, it's a nice piece of business for us. None of the existing business is impacted. But, Greg, what everything in the future that was in the process of being implemented is put on hold while Visa works through this. They say there were some bad actors, were not amongst them, who were taking too aggressive of a stance. I think this works through. I think there's probably some revenue share that's going to happen would be my guess. I think this ties big enough to do just that, and I think it gets resolved. And I, hopefully by the October call, will have a little more color for you.
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc.: Okay. And then, Paul, Brazil, any update on potential opportunities for Global down there?
Paul Garcia: Yes, Id say Brazil is probably, Greg, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. And you can be sure that we are very focused on that. I'd mentioned the October call just a second ago. We have a strategy in Brazil, it's not quite ready for prime time, but I hope in October to give you a tangible update on just what we're doing in Brazil. Theres the tangible word again, but we are very focused on doing something meaningful there, and I look forward to filling you in on it.
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc.: Just to take cash on the balance sheet, David, what was the sort of freely available cash at quarter end?
David Mangum: Right, Greg, it's nearly $270 million. It's about $500 million. It's a combination of settlement funds, reserves and capital that's not entirely ours. So its shared with JV partners. It's about almost $270 million of available cash.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bryan Keane with Crdit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: I missed some of the call, but I heard the G2 cost saves for fiscal year '11, and I know a lot of us have been waiting a long time for the G2 cost saves so I was hoping to get a little color on beyond that, whats the potential cost saves?
David Mangum: Well, Bryan, its David. Just to reiterate what it looks like for 11. Its $4 million of what we would call cash savings offset by $2 million of depreciation for a $2 million impact on '11. On a full year basis, that would be six and three for $3 million impact. As you go out, you go out a year or so, when we layer Canada and the U.K. on top of this, the number obviously gets bigger. The direct tangible immediate number gets bigger. And then, as Ive said before, the real incremental value, the real version increasing returns leverage for G2 comes in. Were laying all new volume worldwide onto this platform. So we're off to a fine start in the U.S., relative to the number on an annualized basis. It gets bigger in Canada and the U.K. when we add those in. And then from there, it's a matter of growth on a much more leveragable lower incremental cost platform for the long-term.
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, but theres no -- we're not quantifying it beyond this year, this fiscal year?
David Mangum: And I realize you missed a piece of it, but the dates for Canada and the U.K. are a little bit further out and a little too early to fully quantify.
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, and then, just wanted to ask about the North American operating margins. I know there was probably a pretty big gain there from Canada. I know there was $0.06 positive gain on the quarter, but I assume Canada was probably even a little higher than that since you probably had some offsets in Europe. Just wanted to make sure I understood what was in  kind of dragged down that margin a little bit. And then if I heard you correctly, David, did you say that the U.S. margins will actually increase this year while the Canadian margins will drop a little bit and kind of creating that slight offset for next year?
David Mangum: Yes. Actually I didn't say it in quite that way, but that is the net effect. Thats exactly right. The Canadian margins as we invest a little bit and work on our execution in that market, will dip a little bit as they did in 2010. U.S. EBIT will grow. Actually, U.S. dollars EBIT will grow in both markets. But U.S. EBIT will grow and U.S. margins will improve. And remember as we talk about the U.S, its often a conversation about business mix. The ISOs are, sort of, as inevitable as death and taxes. The questions what does our direct business do and its growing nicely in the year and then check and gaming which literally were expecting double digit growth in check and gaming 2011 with nice leverage. Thats a nice margin business and the net of all that, the mix should bring about nice EBIT growth and then permanent margin in the U.S. EBIT growth in the U.S, the ISOs will swamp that from a margin perspective so all the North American margins will go down, but really solid EBIT growth in the U.S. for the year which we're pretty pleased about.
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And anything in particular in this particular quarter on the margins?
David Mangum: No, not really. So youre asking about Q4 of 10 versus Q3, Bryan, relative to just North America?
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: Or just year-over-year, I guess I was looking at. Its down about 160 basis points, but I  with that gain, that pretty big gain you have from Canada that's in that number as well. I just would have assumed that the margins would've been a little bit higher.
David Mangum: Yes. I understand. I think that, unfortunately as I mentioned earlier, the ISOs are inescapable and we had a very strong Q4 ISO quarter. A lot of that is fees which become 100% pass-throughs. And so you really won't see the full income benefit you might hope to see on a year-over-year basis.
Paul Garcia: Bryan, this is Paul Garcia. Let me add something too. We did talk, I dont know if you caught this part, we did talk about actually expanding margins in FY '12 and beyond, and the reason for that is G2 is one. So we're getting increasing amounts of savings in G2 on a greater volume-base. The global service center which we talked about where we will perform certain services less expensively, more efficiently, and back-end migration. So we do see a bright prospect on the horizon. And then I'm going to just step back for one second again on your question earlier, Bryan, just to make sure we're painfully clear. U.S. EBIT we expect to grow in '11. That does not, by definition, mean U.S. margins go up given the ISO accounting effect and then in Canada on a local currency basis, margins will go down a bit reflecting our investments in the things we're fixing there.
Bryan Keane - Crdit Suisse AG: International margins next year seem like they're going to continue to increase and just what are the drivers there?
Paul Garcia: You're absolutely right. So in terms of international margins, a fair amount of this is cost controls and really being able to continue to integrate successfully the U.K. business. A fair amount of this is more progress in Russia, and then it's scale itself in Asia. So let's pull apart the pieces there for a second. Were expecting in local currency in the U.K, low- to mid-single digit growth with some FX headwind. We're literally expecting though the cost performances we complete some of the integration process in the U.K. to drive our ability to have a double-digit profit growth there. That will obviously drive incremental margin expansion, if you think about what that means for revenue versus expense. In Russia, if you recall, as we came into the business a little over a year ago it was roughly a break-even business. Its obviously done better than that over the course of the year. We expect continued improvement. So solid growth wed to solid profit progress in that market. And then Asia's continual stories of ongoing scale. High to mid-teens growth in revenue went to ongoing scale benefits, and achieved very nice progress. All that offset a little bit by challenges in the Czech Republic that we talked about before, they don't get much different for fiscal '11. When you marry those things together, youre really actually making pretty nice progress. It will be a year of significant and we think steady margin expansion on a quarterly basis over the course of fiscal '11.
Operator: We will take the last question from Robert Dodd with Morgan Keegan.
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a question on the Czech Republic, really. I mean since youve acquired that business obviously many years ago, it's been a bit of a struggle or it seems to have been a bit of a struggle to get the renewals in place and to kind of drive the scale there. Are you looking to make incremental investments to maybe get out of, kind of the land lot, the majority of business coming out of Czech and expand there, you had some in Russia et cetera. Is there anything youve got in the works to really, kind of, generate a hockey-stick effect in Czech?
Paul Garcia: This is Paul. That business is in the Indirect business and the problem was that, while it was a great entry point to into a market, we have not been able to morph that into a direct acquiring model. Our customers, we'd be competing with them. We are talking to them about morphing that with us and that's an ongoing dialogue. And then of course, you have the reality of five customers making up the majority of your revenues and profitability. Those contracts come up every three years or so and you get hammered on them. It's a tough model. Unfortunately, it's one I just had there and it's a very small piece of my business. Im far from giving up on the Czech Republic, but I'm not prepared to double-down either. I wouldn't look for me to be buying more indirect processes. That's unlikely. I will morph that. We're going to grow around it. It's a bit of a headwind, but it's something that we still are growing nicely in Europe even with that. And by the way, these renewals are behind us for a while. But it will once again, come up again. So we are working on a solution.
David Mangum: And, Robert, this is Dave. Just to add a little bit to that. It's a tough model when youre just renewing large bank customers, but its also wed to a tough economy so macro, which is the elephant in the room for everything we discussed relative to Global Payments and probably any other processor right now, is not our friend in that market either.
Operator: At this time, we will turn the call over to Mr. Garcia for his closing statements.
Paul Garcia: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us on our call today. We appreciate as always your support of Global Payments.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 8:00 p.m. Eastern time and ending at 8:00 p.m. Eastern time on August 10, 2010. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial 1-888-203-1112. Our international participants may dial 171-9457-0820 and enter passcode 431-9625. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-03-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott  Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Garcia  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer David Mangum  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research John Williams  Goldman Sachs [Jason Cupberger  UBS] Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott James Kissane  Bank of America Brian Keene  Credit Suisse [Chris Shepler  William Blair & Co.] Glenn Greene  Oppenheimer Moshe Katri  Cowan and Company David Koning  Robert W. Baird Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to Global Payments third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Jane Elliott.
Jane Elliott : Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2010 third quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO, Jim Kelly, Vice Chairman and COO, and David Mangum, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We caution not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call.  In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures for full year fiscal 2009 which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated March 31, 2010 which may be located under the investor relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com.  Now, Id like to introduce Paul Garcia. 
Paul Garcia: Thank you Jane and thanks for joining us this afternoon. For our fiscal 2010 third quarter, we delivered solid financial performance from continuing operations with revenue growth of 11% to $398.5 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.58 or 35% growth compared to last year. A weaker U.S. dollar provided a lift to our financials in the quarter, and accordingly third quarter revenue and EPS growth were 6% and 18% respectively on a constant currency basis.  Despite the challenging macro economic environment affecting all of our regions, we continue to steadily execute against our plan, delivering solid results. Im also pleased to note that average ticket amounts were sequentially stable on a global basis during the quarter. We are hopeful that this foreshadows future improvement in overall economic conditions in each of our regions. Now, Id like to address a couple of specific initiatives weve been working on. Firstly, as you know, we have been focused on developing a worldwide front-end authorization system which we refer to as G2. We completed the core development and base testing earlier this fiscal year and have been working to convert all of our markets onto this new platform. Today, we successful process for seven of our eleven Asian markets, representing the majority of our volume in that region. We are now working towards converting our U.S. platforms to G2 which we expect to live by September of this year. We intend to provide greater insight on G2, its savings and scheduled migrations for the United States, Canada and the U.K. as well as all other markets during our July earnings call. Next, as many of you are aware, we have been endeavoring to directly process [RemMB] transactions in China. Currently, there are no Western processors handling [RemMB] transactions in mainland China. After literally years of work, I am delighted to announce that we have secured the endorsement of both China Union Pay and importantly the Peoples Bank of China for our initial [RemMB] launch in Beijing. They in turn, encouraged us to approach the Beijing Bank Card Market Coordination Committee for membership.  Im pleased to inform you that we have received unanimous approval from the 30 members of this committee. Although we have satisfied all of our requirements, one final step remains before we can actively begin acquiring [RemMB] transactions in Beijing; namely, HSBC is required to become a direct member themselves of the Beijing Bankcard Coordination Committee, and must complete its own approval process. The bank is endeavoring to do so as we speak and consequently we are hopeful that we will be offering CUP card acquiring services to Chinese merchants this summer. Now, heres David to discuss the financial details.
David Mangum: Thanks Paul. During the third quarter on a year over year basis, the dollar weakened against both the Canadian dollar and the British Pound, driving a positive effect on our financial results. On a sequential basis however, the U.S. dollar strengthened against the British Pound and weakened against the Canadian dollar. Our outlook for Q4 assumes that the U.S. dollar remains constant or slightly strengthens against the British Pound and remains constant or slightly weakened against the Canadian dollar. Any fluctuations in currency rates of course, may cause variances to our outlook. Our North American Merchant Services revenue grew 7% for the quarter driven by solid performance from our U.S. ISO channel and overall U.S. transaction growth of 14%. Average ticket amounts in the U.S. were slightly up sequentially from the second quarter and down 6% from last year. Overall U.S. debit growth continues to outstrip credit growth. Total debit represents over 50% of our transaction base, while Pin debit base represents less than 10% of total transactions. In local currency, our Canadian revenue declined about 4%. We believe that macro economic conditions there remain difficult resulting in flat transaction growth compared to last year, more volume processed by large national merchants and some spread compression. On a positive note, our average ticket amounts have shown slight sequential improvement recently, but its too early to call out an overall positive trend given the difficult conditions in this market. International Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 24% driven in part by a favorable British Pound exchange rate and continued solid performance by United Card Service in Russia. Our U.K. business continues to execute well despite a difficult macro environment. As expected, our Asia Pacific business grew 18% for the quarter, and we anticipate full year revenue growth in the mid teens from that region.  Total company operating margins from continuing operations for the third quarter were about what we expected at 18.5%, up from 17.4% last year. We continue to see the opportunity for modestly expanding total company operating margins for the full year. Earnings performance for the quarter benefited from a lower effective tax rate of 29.3% which drove $0.03 of unexpected additional earnings per share. $0.02 primarily relates to an R&D tax credit in the U.S. that came earlier than expected, which will not recur in the fourth quarter. The remainder relates to a more advantageous mix of international earnings which we do expect to carry through the fourth quarter. We now expect our full year 2010 effective tax rate to be about 30%.  We continue to generate strong cash flow. At the end of the quarter, we had total cash and cash equivalents of about $590 million with available cash of about $250 million. During the quarter, we spent about $16 million on capital expenditures. We anticipate spending a little more than $50 million for the full year. This is a bit higher than our original estimate due to some incremental investments including a new investment in our own disaster recovery facility. Relative to cash earnings, amortization expense for continuing operations after non controlling interest for the third quarter totaled $7.9 million and we expect about $30.7 million in total for the full year. Please note that amortization will fluctuate over the course of the year due to currency translation. Finally, Im pleased to report that we have made solid progress toward the divestiture of our Money Transfer business and we anticipate closing the deal in the fourth quarter.  Now, Ill turn the call back over to Paul
Paul Garcia: Thank you David. Based on our current outlook for continuing operations, we are raising fiscal 2010 annual revenue to $1,615 million to $1,625 million or 10% to 11% growth over fiscal 2009. We are also increasing our fiscal 2010 diluted earnings per share expectations to $2.49 to $2.54 reflecting 19% to 21% growth over fiscal 2009. We continue to be pleased with our business performance and we are actively pursuing acquisitions in all major markets with a focus on merchant portfolios and other technology companies as we expand our global presence and product offerings. I feel confident that we will continue to deliver on these opportunities as we pursue our global expansion strategy. Operator, we will now be pleased to go to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first call comes from Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: You talked about platform consolidation and I realize you really want to wait until the summer to talk a little bit more about how its going to benefit the company, but can you talk about maybe in terms of percentages how it might benefit the company? In September would you anticipate at least getting 10% of the cost benefit and does it grow from there or is there some different formula for that?
Paul Garcia: We do just exactly as you just said. We prefer to give you some explicit detail in our call in July when we lay out our guidance. Clearly, this is a big project weve been working on for a lot of years and were reaching some milestones, and we will have all that data I promise. But I am going to take a pass and wait until July to share that.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: You talked a little bit about China, U.K. and maybe initial launch and your ability to acquire merchants. Im wondering, will there be limitation on how youre going to acquire or geographic limitations whenever you get the last bit of approval that youll be able to acquire throughout the whole country.
Paul Garcia: Thats a great question, so let me be clear. We initially applied in Beijing because you actually have to do it by market. So a similar application process would have to happen. Were believing and weve actually been given some encouragement to believe, that if we do as well as we think were going to do here, and we have every reason to believe that we will, that those approvals in other cities, and quite frankly Beijing the capital and being the toughest probably of all the markets, and of course next were focusing on Shanghai and then rolling it out.  We have 12 offices in 12 mainland Chinese cities as we speak so those are the big markets. The only restriction would be approval in each of these markets and were hoping that would happen in pretty short order once we get the initial approval.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: You talked about Canadian transactions and Im wondering if you can compare them to last quarter in terms of any changes in mix youve seen or any change in volume that might be different than just the last quarter.
David Mangum: Not a lot of changes from the last quarter. We saw similar to last quarter flat transaction, and so when we step back and look at Canada in terms of a bigger picture, we do believe economic conditions there remain challenging. As a result, were seeing slightly higher attrition levels. We think by the way inside that number is a lot more bankruptcies than weve seen in the past there. We see obviously more volume coming to us through national merchants which obviously happens at a lower pricing level or a lower spread, again with the flat transaction growth. At a market level, the environment is probably a little bit more competitive. Weve got one provider re-entering the market being a little more competitive with an ISO strategy. Weve got reasonable growth from our own ISOs there that happens at a little more competitive pricing level. So all in, net net, some spread compression, overall flat transaction growth and really tough macro environment. If we step back again and start looking at the market, weve obviously amped up our activity on new sales, on merchant retention efforts. We certainly expect to work through this and come through this eventually. Hopefully, the quote I had in the prepared comments on average tickets is an early sign. Its too early to tell, but all in I think well execute through this, but youve got a tough environment and then some competitive pressures that are a little stronger than they were a year or so ago.
Operator: You're next question comes from John Williams  Goldman Sachs.
John Williams  Goldman Sachs: I was curious to know, you talked a little bit in the release about how the ISO channel in the U.S. has been a pretty solid growth driver for you in the quarter and I was curious to know if you could break out how much of the U.S. growth was organic versus the ISO channel.
David Mangum: We really dont break out by channel our U.S. growth. We can give you a little bit of color. Certainly the 14% transaction growth we quote in the release is largely fueled by the ISO channel but all in, we really dont disaggregate the U.S. out into its pieces.
John Williams  Goldman Sachs: Any update on what youve seen thus far in March, the first 30 days or so.
David Mangum: Its still March barely, so we dont have a ton of data because we havent really closed out the month. I would tell you that what we have seen is no dramatic changes from this current trend. The current trends are actually a little encouraging arent they? Were not seeing a decline in average ticket. Were seeing some stabilization. Were seeing a little pickup in same store, so I think its encouraging, what were seeing.
John Williams  Goldman Sachs: Did you give a level that the average ticket stabilized at? Its still negative, right?
David Mangum: We actually did not give a level. It is still declining in general year over year. It stabilized sequentially is what were talking about which is how were looking at things right now, but weve not quoted a percentage in there.
Operator: You're next question comes from [Jason Cupberger  UBS]
[Jason Cupberger  UBS]: I wanted to start with a question on China and appreciate the update there. Congratulations on Beijing. Any way to size this opportunity? I guess if we just start with the Beijing piece and you think about the next year or two years, whatever sort of context youd like to place it in and any way we can start to formulate some ranges around that?
Paul Garcia: Thats a great question. I think thats at the heart of what Kardik was trying to get to and I didnt answer it totally clearly. So thanks for the opportunity. So Jason, heres the deal. Weve been working on this for years. So we finally have this. Were going to be the first Western company to do this, but we still have some heavy lifting to do. So were going to get into Beijing. We have a pitch we think will compel people based on our international expertise and our new ability to acquire CUP. We think that puts us in a unique proposal, proposition for our merchants. Were making an investment in people. Were investing in the products and tools and the offering to the merchants. But with all of that, its still going to take some time before this really has any big impact for next year.  I think now if you give me two years out like you just said, I think thats a more significant thing. There are CUP talks about two billion debit cards in a card that has one billion people, and they use these cards. So the opportunity in that market is massive, and what that translates to, I think you have to give me a little bit of time to see how we make out on this, but the projections you can be China [inaudible] on this. You can get yourself so wrapped up in the possibilities that you throw out some unrealistic potential. But at the end of the day we think this thing could be significant. I think we are talking about a couple of years for that significance, and I would say stay tuned.
[Jason Cupberger  UBS]: Maybe a broader, longer-term kind of strategic question. What do you think the right mix of North America versus non North America revenue should be over the longer term for the company?
Paul Garcia: I think that we are hopeful that we will get more and more from outside of North America, and I think weve said, we clearly think the majority of our business will come from outside the U.S., but Canada is a big driver, and hopefully one day Mexico will be as well. That will change the answer a little bit, but we do see accretive growth from Asia. We see accretive growth coming from Russia and Central Europe. The U.K. is mature. Canada is mature. Mexico has some real opportunities too. I think outside the U.S., I think a significant amount would come from outside the U.S. North America, I would have to think about that. We dont really look at it that way, but it would be less, but hopefully all the big growth and eventually a huge part of our business comes from outside that area.
[Jason Cupberger  UBS]: I know you mentioned in passing in the opening remarks that UCS has a solid quarter over there in Russia. Can you put a little bit more meat on the bone there in terms of perhaps some metrics to give us a sense of how the traction is ramping up there in Russia?
David Mangum: I think it may be a little early before we start quoting metrics and then routinely bringing them out to you every quarter. The reality is Q3 in Russia, our Q3 in Russia is seasonally light. We saw the business execute well through it, continue to drive more volume and take market share. Were just getting started ramping up our sales efforts and really driving the metrics based approach to managing the business, so give us a little bit more time to report back on that. But really good solid performance and solid management happening there.
Paul Garcia: Let me just add a little bit, just having come back from Moscow. Im really pleased with what I saw over there. I met with a lot of big customers, obviously me with management and our big partner Ross Bank. So were changing the mix a little bit giving us more control over the sales engine, and I think that will yield some positive difference too. Plus, were looking at other opportunities, and there are several in that country. I remain very bullish on Russia. I look forward to sharing a little bit more with you.
Operator: You're next question comes from Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott.
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott: I had a question on value added services. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that youre looking at some technology acquisitions potentially and Im just kind of curious if those are some sort of value added service that youre going to Merchant Processing, not the Money Transfer.
Paul Garcia: For Merchant processing, yes. I dont want to be specific because we have a couple of things going on but I think you hit the nail on the head. There are some areas that we could strengthen. There is organic ways to do that through product development and there are some companies that offer some great products that make sense that we would look at. So thats kind of generally, and I think you could kind of guess the three or four areas were looking at.
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott: On transaction growth, I think you said 14% for the quarter, and Im just trying to figure out how to put that in context with the 19% growth in the U.S. last quarter, how much of that was just a day count variance. I know you mentioned last quarter there was one less day, processing day, but it sounded like some more was going on there.
Paul Garcia: I dont know if theres a whole lot going on there. These kinds of answers are always colored by whats going on at a macro level, but at its simplest level, year over year we have a few less processing days this Q3 compared to last years Q3.  We also have a few less processing days compared to Q2. I think really all in, that led to the fact that those ISO numbers get bigger every quarter probably explains your delta for the moment.
Operator: You're next question comes from James Kissane  Bank of America.
James Kissane  Bank of America: I know you dont want to talk too much about G2 on the call today, but if you look at the margin improvement year over year in the international business, can you kind of credit G2 for a portion of that, maybe quantify it a little bit for us?
David Mangum: I dont know that we can quantify it, but its a fair point related to Asia. As you know, were live in seven markets in Asia with G2, so we have four left to go as we mentioned earlier in the prepared comments. The Asia margin as you know has gone from break even not too long ago into the low double digits now on a run rate basis. And yes, there is a piece of that attributable to G2. The majority of it quite honestly is more scale, more growth, more profitable transactions from products like Dynamic Currency Conversion, but no question there is a little bit of G2 in there as well. We really cant or I suppose wont break it out for you at that level. The numbers are quite and the savings of G2 come from reductions from the invoice we receive from HSBC for other processing, so it would be a little challenging to break out that discretely.
Paul Garcia: Not to beat around the bush, we understand its a big driver of margin. We understand theres a high expectation on where we are with it. This is a multi-year benefit. Were going to get some more next year. Were going to get some more the following year and were going to lay that out with some specificity truly, much more than weve ever done before.
James Kissane  Bank of America: Last quarter you were talking about the shift in consumer behavior up in Canada, but now it seems like youre talking about some increased bankruptcies I guess in the small business arena, maybe a little more competition, so it sounds like you have a little more appreciation for some of the factors going on out there. Can you break out or kind of rank which factors are having the biggest impact on the growth in Canada?
David Mangum: I can try to put a little bit more color to it. I think what youre seeing is the product of us continue to drill down and continue to analyze and learn more and more about it. Im not so sure its so much about consumers or was months ago, but it does begin with macro, which obviously has consumer impact in terms of spending, etc. We think that macro then drives obviously consumer behavior which is the elephant in the room for every one of these conversations about any market at any level of growth that were seeing anywhere on a global basis. But that level of challenge in terms of macro would drive a little higher attrition, a little more volume to the bigger box merchants, maybe flatter transaction growth. It all kind of works together and so when you wed to that a little bit more of a competitive environment, youve got a challenge for some interim period in that market while you stabilize, while you reorient some of the pieces of the business and begin to execute against the new challenges. I think were in the midst of doing that. Weve got discrete plans against which were executing in Canada. Well work our way through it and move forward, but to be perfectly honest, you wanted me to break it out, Id give a chunk of each piece of what you might think of as a Canada challenge to those four or five variables I just mentioned.
Paul Garcia: Let me say something about Canada too. I should have said in the last call as well, just kind of level sets. Canada is this great market for us, wonderful management team. We have a big piece of that business and its a single digit grower. The market is a single digit grower and were kind of at a size where thats where were going to, you cant grow too much faster than the market because were of a size that we are. Now, every couple of years something happens. We get fortunate. We had an opportunity last year. We grew much faster, significantly faster than single digit because of that opportunity. This year, you have kind of a double whammy. You have a little bit of that impact and a little give back on that and you also have the impact of the economy kind of slowing. Canada I think will present other opportunities in the future. Youve got to kind of be in the game to get it. I think the next opportunity will be debit. That wont be huge next year unless we just get really lucky, but I think the future upside on that, its going to be another event like we had last year with Canada. Canada is a great market. Every so often youre handed a nice opportunity. Maybe debit is as big. Maybe its not, but its an opportunity in the future and I love that market.
Operator: You're next question comes from Brian Keene  Credit Suisse.
Brian Keene  Credit Suisse: I think you touched on it a little bit David, but the delta between transaction and revenue growth in the U.S. widened a bit. Whats causing that?
David Mangum: Let me drill down to that. Im glad you asked me that question. I should have appended it to my earlier comment about the U.S. You may recall that last year we saw a number of our larger ISOs bill some annual fees for PCI compliance in this quarter. And youll recall we talked about that being a couple of points of growth which would have left you in the $10 million to $12 million range. While those fees are again being billed this year, theyre being more ratably over a period of months so if you actually took out the impact of the change in billing technique for those fees, you find revenue growth in the U.S. would be 8% rather than the 5% we reported. So then if you start to take your transaction growth of 14%, your average ticket decline of 6%, the numbers start to make a little bit more sense and track a little bit better with the backend formulas you drive in your models, so to sort of sanity check things.
Brian Keene  Credit Suisse: What should we expect then for a revenue growth rate out of the U.S. going forward?
David Mangum: You mean in terms of the implicit view of Q4?
Brian Keene  Credit Suisse: Yes, Im just trying to figure out if it should accelerate from these levels based on the comps even out or even a little bit transaction growth, or just some of your thoughts there.
David Mangum: Lets talk about both sides of that for a second, sequential and year over year if thats okay. The way to think about the U.S. as you head into Q4 is I would describe it as sort of modest uptick, a little bit seasonal. We really dont have a seasonal Q4, but we do have a seasonally light Q3, so think of it as a modest sequential modest uptick due to continued ISO performance and just the fact that we have a few more processing days in Q4 versus Q3. Same thing would kind of hold true as you look out to year over year growth. Weve got a few more processing days than last Q4. The ISOs continue to take market share and drive solid growth, so I would think if youre modeling, it depends where you want to be in terms of the revenue range, but youre going to model growth being a couple to a handful of points higher in the U.S. in Q4 year over year versus what it was in Q3 year over year.
Brian Keene  Credit Suisse: I know you talked about Canada being down 4% on constant currency, so it looks to us about $12 million or so of revenue was from Canada. Is that drive the majority of the $0.07 benefit in the quarter, is that right?
David Mangum: Youre speaking specifically FX?
Brian Keene  Credit Suisse: Yes.
David Mangum: Thats correct, yes.
Brian Keene  Credit Suisse: The follow on to that is then, if you look on a year over year basis, if I back out that FX gain you got in Canada, the margins really do fall quite a bit. I know you touched on it a little bit, but I want to make sure Im not missing anything.
David Mangum: FX is obviously a help to margins. So the margin conversation is a conversation about all the pieces coming together and what does that mean as we go through the course of the year. This year, on a year over year basis, FX is our friend in Canada. Its marginally our friend in the U.K. I suppose. A fair amount of that as you know was planned. Some of it was not planned. So all in, it certainly is a factor when we talk about our performance for the full year whether it be earnings, margin or revenue.
Operator: You're next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang  J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang  J.P. Morgan: In the third quarter the North America operating expenses, it looks like it actually picked up a little bit sequentially and it looked like the quarterly revenues were down sequentially. Whats driving that dynamic exactly?
David Mangum: Im sorry, we had a speaker cut out here in the room. Would you mind repeating the beginning of your question? I apologize.
Tien-Tsin Huang  J.P. Morgan: Just thinking about the North America operating expenses, just looking at that it was up sequentially and the revenues were down sequentially. Whats driving that dynamic?
David Mangum: Two relatively simple answers although the dynamic can be challenging and confusing. The first is sequentially we did see that uptick in ISO billing. It wasnt the kind of number we saw last year, but as you know, thats dollar for dollar expense and revenue, so thats a little bit of it. The reality is the rest of the expenses that are hitting North America, be it a little bit of IT investment or operations expense, are staying flat, or with some investment just trickling up a little bit.
Tien-Tsin Huang  J.P. Morgan: Nothing else unusual in terms of one timers or fees etc.?
David Mangum: No.
Tien-Tsin Huang  J.P. Morgan: On the China side, when you do the acquiring in China, will you also be doing the processing as well and if you can comment on how spreads work over there it would be helpful for us to think about a model let along the revenue outlook.
David Mangum: They have an inter-change and typically you add basis points to it. Even though its a pin-based debit, it isnt necessarily sent, although in some markets it is. Now keep in mind we process for CUPS today in a pin based environment in Hong Kong and Macao. Were providing all of the services. Initially well be utilizing CUP actually to do some of these as we build our own functionality. But the merchant will be transparent to the merchant, so its not unlike people buying services from us. So we will put together this seamless service offering, seamless to the merchant, but we will be utilizing CUP initially and then migrating to our own use.
Tien-Tsin Huang  J.P. Morgan: I want to ask about Jeff Sloan coming on as President. What was the primary motivation there? Should we interpret to mean that global will be a lot more active in consolidating the space?
Paul Garcia: Clearly Jeff is one of the smartest, if not the smartest tech guy on the face of the planet and weve known him. He took us out. Were having our 10th anniversary this coming February and he was the Goldman banker that took us out on our IPO so weve known him intimately for a lot of years. Jeff will help us find opportunities, but thats not his primary focus, its part of his focus. Yes, we are interested in finding new opportunities. We try not to get books. When you get a book youre in the same level as everyone else and it tends to the guy writing the biggest check. The best deals weve done are the ones we ferreted out ourselves and I think Jeff will be extremely helpful in that regard. But hes also a really smart guy and Im confident that he will be another smart guy amongst this group. Theres a great saying that someone brought to my attention that no one of us is as good as all of us. Its just another smart person to help us think strategically, help us open up new markets, and of course do some deals as well.
Tien-Tsin Huang  J.P. Morgan: I know youre not going to share with us the G2 savings until next quarter, consistent with what youve said in the past but it seems theres just a wide range of expectations out there. So just looking at streets expectations for next year it looks like 11% EPS growth. Do you see any disconnect there in terms of expectations versus reality because it seems were hinging a lot here in terms of what you even talked about in terms of July. Can you comment on that at all?
Paul Garcia: I would say that we cant, because that would really be giving you guidance at this point and were just prepared to do that. If the tables were turned Id be asking the same question.
Operator: You're next question comes from [Chris Shepler  William Blair & Co.]
[Chris Shepler  William Blair & Co.]: The international operating margin was really strong again this quarter. I calculated the incremental margin nationally was about 40% down a little bit from north of 60% last quarter, and youve already talked about the dynamic currency conversion. I really just wanted to get a sense of what else is driving that international operating margin higher and then also have the recent price initiatives in the U.K. kind of played into that.
David Mangum: The answer to your second question is yes. The pieces of international that are operating frankly as planned are the Asian margin continues to make progress. Its a very straightforward scale conversation. We talked a little bit about G2 earlier relative to Asia, but it really is all about increasing scale, increasing volume and increasing profitable transactions relative to DCC. Then we have the U.K. which is certainly the largest source of revenue amongst the international assets and its pricing is actually holding quite well. When you do the modeling you think about how to introduce the price. You model on a certain assumption of how much that is going to leak back to the merchants over some period of time with rate reviews and questions and things like that, and we actually are running a little ahead of where we thought wed be in terms of how much were giving back to the merchant, put a little more bluntly. So were feeling good about the progress there, a lot more to go in the U.K., and the U.K. is doing that in the midst of some pretty challenging macro conditions. So stay tuned as the U.K. continues to make progress and execute well. And then our Russian venture continues to execute very well. The team there is operating ahead of our plan. Thats obviously a very small number of ahead of plan is a relative statement. So those are the pieces. Then going in the other direction as you know is the Central Europe business, the Czech Republic business. Its a little more challenged. We did indeed re-price one other decent sized customer this past quarter as expected, so that continues to drive margins a little bit downward. So weve got Asia and the U.K. fueling expansion with a little bit of Central Europe going the other way and a little bit of lift from Russia, all of which down to execution as planned in Asia and pretty solid execution with re-pricing help in the U.K.
[Chris Shepler  William Blair & Co.]: On Canada, can you comment if you saw any material benefit this quarter from the Olympics?
David Mangum: I think when we peel back the merchant types I dont know that we saw a material benefit. Theres clearly a benefit in the numbers and I think you saw some stabilization on metrics that suggest we got a little bit of help there. How to peel that and separate it from general stabilization is really difficult, but I think that certainly helped us over the course of the winter months.
[Chris Shepler  William Blair & Co.]: On China, how should we think about modeling the hiring ramp that needs to happen in China in anticipation of what youre going to be doing in Beijing? How many people do you already have on the ground? How many do you need to add? And is there really any upfront expense associated with that or is it really just were going to see the expense come into the P&L as we see the incremental revenues.
David Mangum: I think more of the later. There is hiring and we are actually beefing up the Beijing operation in anticipation of this. But these guys pay back pretty quickly. We have a different metric of course in China. Youre not paying the sales people what youre paying them here, and theyre producing pretty similar returns to the U.S. so its a great investment. It will require investment but its not going to be something thats going to bleed us until we get a return, so its pretty quickly paid back.
Operator: You're next question comes from Glenn Greene  Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene  Oppenheimer: Can you give us a little color more on the U.K. of what you see in terms of the environment, what revenue ought to look like and I think the big driver of the international margins is probably been the U.K. If I recall they were running in the mid 30s. Is that kind of reasonable?
David Mangum: I think that if you rewind almost a year ago, youd have seen it on a $200 million run rate U.K. and many of you and your colleagues would have modeled it to the 30%. Weve never really quoted that. I can tell you they are healthy margins and they are north of the total company margins. What we have there is a great market opportunity given the partnership we have with HSBC and the opportunity to compete we think very effectively with the rest of the market with a terrific service offering that will only improve with time as we migrate our back end and move on to all of our systems with G2 as well. So were seeing some really nice conditions in the U.K. But you really cant escape the challenging macro there as well. So weve got a situation where were effectively re-pricing. We are doing a nice job managing the sales force, and as you know weve redrawn the territories. We remapped ourself with a branch network in order to maximize the leads. And now as we execute going forward, we think were in a terrific position. But the point of my color a moment ago was just giving a little bit of credit to the team there for effectively re-pricing, getting a little bit more than we thought as we rolled it out a couple months ago. I think its effective October for most of it, but still recognize thats as challenges a macro environment you could find out there today quite frankly.
Glenn Greene  Oppenheimer: Any way to give some color on average ticket or transaction trends for that market?
David Mangum: I think were going to stick with not giving that kind of color for markets where we really dont operate the systems and cant quite control and metrics and ensure the definitions are exactly the same as everything we see when we talk to you about the U.S. or Canada. The answer unfortunately, if probably no for now.
Glenn Greene  Oppenheimer: On the Canada FX, if recall back from awhile ago, I think the contribution margins here were very high, north of 50% and thats largely what I think explains the $0.07 EPS impact? I just want to make sure Im thinking about that right.
David Mangum: Youre thinking about it correctly. If you rewind all the way back to it going the other direction, literally a year ago youre thinking about it correctly. Youre formula math is correct.
Operator: You're next question comes from Moshe Katri  Cowan and Company.
Moshe Katri  Cowan and Company: Can you talk a bit about some of the other international initiatives that youre focusing on and maybe an update on where we are in terms of penetrating the markets in Brazil and India?
Paul Garcia: Were in India. We have a partnership. Thats one of the 11 Asian countries we have with HSBC and we have people that sell literally to every Indian state although its not a huge market for us primarily because its not a huge market for HSBC. We continue to look at other opportunities to further expand our footprint in India and I dont have anything specific to say about that other than were working diligently to do just that. In terms of Brazil, there is an opportunity in Brazil and we are very interested in that, and I dont have anything specific to announce at this point although we are hopeful that we will be successful with our efforts in Brazil and we will have something to talk to you about.
Moshe Katri  Cowan and Company: Going back to Canada, we havent heard a lot of your view on whats happening with One Interac. Obviously, their recent request to go pubic was rejected by the regulators. Your view of that, is that a setback for global? Is First Data a big factor in terms of the fee pressure and pricing pressure that youre seeing in Canada?
Paul Garcia: First of all, Interac. We were disappointed. A setback is a little strong. It would have been a nice catalyst for Canada next year, but we still have Visa and MasterCard pursuing what theyre pursuing and we believe that that is going to happen, because at the end of the day, its good for the Canadian consumer, so it would be tough to hold that back. We think that in itself will be a catalyst. It wouldnt have been as immediate as Interac, the one player and that would have been really significant fairly quickly, so we were disappointed. But remain tuned. Lets see what happens on that. First Data as a reason, First Data is active and aggressive in every market. I would say Canada is not one of their larger. Our biggest competitor in Canada is Monaris which of course is Bank of Montreal and Royal Bank of Canada. First Data is in Canada, but not in a very big way.
Operator: You're next question comes from David Koning  Robert W. Baird.
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: Just following up on Brians question about EBIT, it looks like on a constant currency basis, EBIT is down year over year now for four quarters in a row, and to me it seems like the encouraging thing is we might be anniversaring something. We might be returning to growth in the next couple of quarters. Im wondering if you could just talk about that a little bit if we have anniversaried something now that weve gone through four quarters of that.
David Mangum: Without specifically commenting on the math of the constant currency, I do think that we have the opportunity for anniversaring things frankly helping us a fair amount over the coming quarters. Thats certainly part of the answer to Canada as we work through tough macro wed to a little more competition, theres a real opportunity to bring that through over coming quarters. In the U.S., this is a little bit about mix and about ISO and to the extent we can anniversary some of the challenges in check and game in the alternative products, theres an opportunity to keep turning the curve our direction over a period of time. No promises because some things at a macro level have to fall into place, but I think that what you described is a fairly astute analysis without again acknowledging whether your constant currency is dead on or not, if you know what I mean.
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: The free cash flow, when we X out the settlement movements and minority interest movement, it looks like this quarter it was well over $1.00, $1.15 or something in that ball park per share and year to date a little over $2.50 or $2.60. Im wondering if thats how you would look at is as well, if it is that high, should we expect a little bit of a downward adjustment in Q4 because maybe the working capital helped a little bit the last few quarters?
David Mangum: Let me describe how I look at it. We obviously dont quote it and dont guide to it so I have to be a little circumspect here, but if you were going to start with operating cash flow and then normalize for variances and settlement and any sort of money transfer beneficiary line items, and then also normalize for the minority interest distribution, and then take out your CapEx, you have a decent sized number. I dont think you get quite as far north as that $1.00 you quoted for just this quarter alone, but you have a number thats going to be over $200 million year to date. It a pretty solid number, one you may find us chatting a little bit more about over time as we keep growing the business. As you head to Q4, though, you are correct. I would not expect a repeat of Q3 if for no other reason that CapEx based on, as you heard in the prepared comments from me, that CapEx will be up fairly materially in Q4 based on our current projection as we launch a couple of initiatives we hadnt originally planned that are quite strategic and important for the business, namely our own disaster recovery site.  So expect it to be a little down from what you saw in Q3, but I think your point is a really good one. This is a solid cash flow generator and as I discussed with any number of you, were going to do a better job of being able to show that to you over time from a disclosure and reporting perspective. 
Operator: You're next question comes from Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: At the risk of boring you again, a question about G2 but a simple one. Of the processes currently in the U.S., are the costs being expenses or capitalized?
David Mangum: The costs are largely being capitalized right now so at the time we go forward with a launch and begin to take costs off whether its the U.S. P&L or eventually the Canadian P&L, well also bring a pretty sizable asset into service that well begin amortizing.  That amortization period for each market in which we operate is going to be about ten years. The asset will amortize based on transaction volumes or projected transaction volumes, so weve got a little bit of amortization right now for example in the Asian P&L small enough that you obviously cant notice it for the progress were making in Asia. And the eventually well bring that asset in the U.S., Canada, U.K. and eventually Russia, so there will be amortization coming through the same time the savings begin to show through as well.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: On MasterCard pricing in April a couple of weeks from now, when that assessment fee changes, does that or do you expect it have any affect? Obviously theres a round up opportunity but Im thinking does it trigger any ISO contract renewals or anything like that? I wouldnt expect it to but could you clarify that?
Paul Garcia: It does not have any impact in terms of triggering anything. There is a slight rounding opportunity, and I think you said it correctly. Just to make sure, if youre talking about MasterCard specifically, quite honestly its a minimal impact to us.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: China, obviously youre seeing a lot of attraction there in the early stages. Has there been any change over the last short period, week or so given the talks that the U.S. edged on by Visa and Mastercard might take China to WTO on the processing market.
Paul Garcia: Believe me, Ive been reading that and got a lot of inbound inquiries as well. The answer to that is not. The Chinese government in terms of their involvement in this has been I think has been very fair with us. Bank of China and CUP have been incredibly supportive and getting 30 banks, 30 banks to unanimously support you to bring in a Western institution is no small feat, and they did that too. So I have to tell you, if you judge things by your own experience, I have found this process, it took awhile, but on the other hand, I found this process to be very balanced. I found we were treated very fairly. And it is their country at the end of the day. They make the rules and if you want to play, as long as it doesnt violate something that you feel strongly about, you have to play by their rules and were fully prepared to do so. I think because of that, were in a unique position.
Operator: You're next question comes from Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets: Youve talked about in the past that when you go into markets and you introduce more complexity in those markets that gives you all the pricing opportunities, and Im wondering as we sit here today, a couple of things. One is, you talk about the U.K. re-pricing. Im wondering what the competition is doing. Are they following you in creating more complexity or are they still sitting by the wayside? Im not sure I fully appreciate what theyre doing so if you could answer that question that would be one.
Paul Garcia: The U.K., you have an interesting environment in that you have the largest player that is engaged in conversations and they certainly recognize that every dollar generated, or conversely every dollar lost, had an impact on the ultimate value. That creates some aggressive behavior. So that is probably a little bit of an anomaly. Its hard for us to say whos following what here, so I would say that we have not seen attrition pick up. What were doing is sticking and we feel that its very balanced. But when you have the biggest guy and youre trying to figure out what their future is, its hard to answer that with a lot of specificity.
David Mangum: Just to clarify a little bit, our U.K. business right now operates right now on what we call a blended pricing model, so without the complex elements to start with headline rates and then deal with surcharges from there, not dissimilar to how our competitors work in the same market. So the market isnt there yet. When we talk about adding complexity or managing more complexity in the market as it develops, thats a little bit more of a forward-looking statements than it is the way we operate right now. An eventual conversion in that portfolio to our systems will enable us to do all the things we can do in Canada for example.
Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets: Do you have to have G2 converted in order for you to go from a blended model to a more kind of consistent model with your existing platform?
Paul Garcia: No, we dont, and this probably is an important distinction just to mention on the broader call when we have the opportunity. G2 is about the front end. Its about authorizations. Its not where we price or settle.  When we talk about a backend migration in the United Kingdom, thats when we talk about the ability to price more discretely over time. Thats the migration that still awaits scheduling and more formal announcement to you as to date as were still gathering requirements there that come to us from HSBC. But its that backend migration thats the key to pricing. G2 is not a requirement for the pricing. They are linked, but independent projects from a migration standpoint.
David Mangum: Thats a very important point. You have a catalyst over time in this huge portfolio thats getting bigger that well be able to take advantage of.
Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets: As you think about the other markets, and I suspect a mature market like the U.S. and Canada, to a lesser extent although they are opportunities, theyre probably not going to be the ones that happen. How should we think about rank ordering other markets where you can introduce again, more complexity and therefore pricing opportunities? The U.K. is a huge one, but thats maybe still to come for fiscal 11 and 12. What about those other markets in Asia? What about Russia and what about even still the Czech Republic?
Paul Garcia: Theyre smaller. I think opportunities present themselves as conversions happen but theyre all smaller. The big drivers for us are Canada, the U.S. and the U.K.
David Mangum: Actually to be perfectly frank, weve migrated seven of the eleven markets to this backend to give the nomenclature the same. So its a part of the Asia story as we speak.
Paul Garcia: Its part of the Asia margin that was asked earlier too. So it wasnt exactly G2, but its part of the migration. G2 is one part of it. The backed end is another.
Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets: You made mention, and I dont know if you were kind of mis-speaking or what, but you said that China, and I think the words you used were similar returns to the U.S. and China. I put question marks by that because are you providing similar returns in China as you think about that market in your kind of indirect U.S. business or your more direct ISO business?
Paul Garcia: I think what I was saying, what we have in China is a direct model now, so we have our own sales force operating and we are signing international merchants because thats really all we can do in mainland. In Hong Kong and Macao and other Asian markets, we have all the merchants, big and small. What I was referring to was the spreads on those margins, meaning what we make after interchange and assessments is similar to if not higher than what we have in the United States. So what you make on these merchants is actually quite robust.
Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets: In the past you actually gave us what Russia contributed. It was still considered an acquisition, so can you tell us what the actual revenue contribution was this quarter.
David Mangum: No, I cant. Actually what we did is when we start off the year we talked to you about being on a $30 million run rate and since then we have not broken it out and I think well leave it inside the European revenue. You see it as a line item.
Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets: A very simple question as it pertains to Canada. You have a very large market presence there. I think its somewhere in the 30s, but I dont know that youve ever actually given us the mix between size of merchants. This is becoming such an issue. I wonder if youd be willing to share that with us.
David Mangum: No. Not in any of our markets do we really break out sort of by sub channel how the pieces come together. So I dont think its necessary for you to get a gist for the macro challenges or the macro driven challenges I described earlier, so I think well just stick with that for now.
Paul Garcia: We have said in the past its market where we have some big guys as well as some smaller merchants whereas the U.S. is predominantly mid market.
Daniel Perlin  RBC Capital Markets: I think you said on a couple of occasions, and this is now a month deep into it, that youd be disappointed if you werent able to close an acquisition within six months. By my calculation were now down to five months. So is that still a fair assessment or should we be changing that timetable?
Paul Garcia: Im disappointed every day we dont close an acquisition so Id say if we said it you can certainly hold me accountable to it.
Operator: This does conclude our question and answer session. At this time I will turn the call over to Mr. Garcia for his closing statements.
Paul Garcia: Thank you to everyone on the phone and your continued interest in Global Payments.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-01-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott  Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Garcia  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer David Mangum  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer James Kelly  President, Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse Robert Napoli  Piper Jaffray Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan David Koning  Robert W. Baird Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital Jason Kupferberg  UBS Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott [James Casine  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch] Moshe Katri  Cowan & Co. Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan
Operator: Welcome to the Global Payments second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott.
Jane Elliott: Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2010 second quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour and joining in the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO, Jim Kelly, President and COO and David Mangum, Exec. VP and CFO. Before we begin Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual result to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call and in addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures for full year fiscal 2009 which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance to Regulation G, please see our press releases filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated January 7, 2010 which may be located under the investor relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now Id like to introduce Paul Garcia.
Paul Garcia: Happy New Year everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. For our fiscal 2010 second quarter we delivered solid financial performance with revenue growth of 12% to $409 million and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $.71 or 25% growth compared to last year. These results exclude our Money Transfer segment which we have classified as a discontinued operation. David will provide more detail on this in just a moment. We did get a lift from currency translation in the quarter; therefore from a constant currency perspective, second quarter revenue and EPS growth would be 11% and 20% respectively. Our North American Merchant Services revenue grew 10% for the quarter driven by a strong performance from our ISO channel as evidenced by U.S. transaction growth of 19%. Average ticket amounts were flat sequentially and down 9% from last year. This is actually encouraging, but its too early to determine whether this portends for a positive trend. Our Canadian business continues to be affected by overall macro economic conditions driving large national merchants to heavily discount merchandise and thus taking larger proportional share of transactions away from the small and mid size merchants that provide higher revenue and margins to us. This overall mix shift was partially offset in the quarter by a favorable Canadian currency exchange rate. International Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 15% driven in part by excellent performance by United Card Services in Russia. Our U.K. business continues to execute well despite a macro environment and an unfavorable currency exchange rate compared to last year. Our Asia Pacific business grew 7% for the quarter and continues to take market share and gain scale. Though still experiencing softness due to the macro economic environment, we continue to anticipate full year revenue growth in the mid teens from that region. Finally, I am pleased to report that we are making solid progress towards closing the divestiture of our Money Transfer business and we hope the deal can be finalized in the March/April time frame. Now, heres David to discuss the financial details.
David Mangum: Thanks Paul. Ill review currency trends, operating margins, balance sheet, cash flow and financial statement presentations. During the second quarter the dollar weakened against the Canadian dollar but actually strengthened against the British Pound and although our revenue and earnings expectations allow for some additional weakening at the margin, it would not surprise us to see the U.S. dollar strengthen a bit from current levels. We believe our expectations accommodate this possible range of outcomes, but any fluctuations in currency rates, of course may cause variances to our outlook. From a constant currency perspective, the overall weakened U.S. dollar added about $4.5 million of revenue or 1% of growth and $0.03 per share or 5% of growth to our second quarter results. Total company operating margins from continuing operations for the second quarter were about what we expected at 21.7%, up from 21.3% last year. On a year over year basis, North America margins were affected by the difficult Canadian revenue mix Paul discussed earlier, partially offset by currency exchange rate benefits. International Merchant Services margins benefited from continued solid performance in the United Kingdom and Asia Pacific. In Asia, we expect revenue growth to return to the mid teens in the third quarter.  We continue to see the opportunity for modestly expanding total company margins for the full year, but the revenue mix situation in Canada may make this more challenging to achieve.  We reported an effective tax rate for the quarter of 29% due to some international tax initiatives that bore fruit during the quarter. We now expect our full year fiscal 2010 effective tax rate to fall between 31% and 32%. Our share count for the second quarter was up to 82.2 million due to recent performance in our share price. For modeling purposes, we suggest you assume about 83 million shares for each of the third and fourth quarters for full year average share count of about 82.5 million. This will likely have a negative effect on 2010 earnings per share of about $0.01 compared to previous assumptions. Similar to last quarter, we have total cash and cash equivalents of about $1 billion due to the quarter ending on a Monday. In fact, our total available cash at the end of the quarter was a little over $200 million. Now relative to cash earnings, amortization expense for continued operations after non controlling interest for the second quarter totaled $7.2 million and we expect about $29 million in total for the full year. Please note that amortization will fluctuate over the course of the year due to currency translation. In the discontinued operations presentation, you will see some one time charges and tax benefits associated with the divestiture and we expect to record some modest additional charges when we close the transaction. This quarter, we recorded non cash pre tax divestiture related charges of $15.9 million offset by tax benefits of $18.8 million. The combination actually increased our diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations by over $0.03 this quarter. Please note that these divestiture charges were not included in our earning expectation for Money Transfer for fiscal 2010. Our full year outlook for diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations for Money Transfer included about $0.12 from Money Transfer. For the second quarter, excluding these divestiture related items, diluted earnings per share from Money Transfer would have been about $0.025. Now Ill turn the call back over to Paul
Paul Garcia: Thanks David. Based on our current outlook for continuing operations, we expect 2010 annual revenue of $1,580 million to $1,615 million or 8% to 10% growth over fiscal 2009. Also, we are increasing our fiscal 2010 diluted EPS expectations to $2.35 to $2.46 reflecting 12% to 17% growth over fiscal 2009. Before we go to questions, Id like to address the 8-K filed earlier this week that updated my employment agreement. This agreement commits me to a minimum of three and a half additional years and reflects the Boards appreciation for our performance. I look forward to executing upon the many opportunities we have at Global Payments to expand our global presence and market reach, and I feel confident that we will deliver on these opportunities. I am excited about the future. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse: I just wanted to ask about the guidance. Obviously the first half of the year looks pretty strong and in order to back into your guidance, there would have to be some deterioration in the growth rate in both revenue and some of the profits. So maybe you can help us with that David, to walk us through why there would be some sequential pressure on revenue especially when youre going to get more currency benefit I think going into the second half.
David Mangum: Id be happy to give you some color. I think the end of your question really starts off the right place to talk about how we see the next couple of quarters shaping. It really does start at a macro level, then maybe Ill touch on the businesses themselves. If you think about where we are year to date, Q1 as you know, we were about where we expected to be in terms of our EPS plan, maybe a little bit better tax rate than we thought. In Q2, a little more of the same, a little bit better tax rate, some discrete help from an item in Canada, a little help from FX in Canada specifically that helped offset some of the revenue challenges were seeing right now in Canada. So thus as we sit here today, were a little ahead on EPS, but its primarily due to lower tax rate and better currency results. The results of the business operations really are about what we expected.  So then if you turn now to Q3 and Q4, we arent yet seeing any of the global improvements in volume and transactions that I know wed all like to see, so were certainly still cautious on the macro economic environment. Thats one factor. Also, just to mention, we have some real macro driven challenges in Canada which as you know is a major contributor to our margins and our bottom line. So if you then turn to FX, you asked a great question about whats going to happen to the dollar. Obviously we dont have any clue relatively speaking in terms of analytics or forecasting ability, but we have certainly have seen the U.S. dollar actually strengthen recently, and we really dont expect a whole lot more sequential weakening of the dollar in Q3 and Q4. Let me give you a couple of examples of that. As we exit December, the dollar is literally stronger now against the Pound than it was in Q2, also a little stronger against the Euro, and just a hair weaker against the Canadian dollar when you compare it to the second quarter levels. So if you look at our range, we allow still for some more sequential weakening of the dollar in our expectations. The bottom end of the range obviously allows for more sequential strengthening but we really dont see an awful lot more weakening of the dollar to come. We allow for some, but not an awful lot more. So to summarize sort of at that level, on a sequential basis, we dont see a whole lot of tail wind coming from FX or massive improvement in volumes of transactions that would help offset some of the seasonal weakness we expect to see from the global business. So lets touch on the businesses now for just a second. Without the help from the tail winds, what I think were starting to see is as we expand globally, a bit more of a stronger pattern of seasonality for the quarterly flow frankly for both revenue and earnings but more specifically earnings due to the fact that were starting to see similar patterns for income in almost all of our geographies. So youre used to seeing a seasonally weak third quarter from the U.S. and Canada in our results. But we actually see a similar Q3 pattern in our next largest market, the U.K. In fact even in Russia, our third quarter looks very light compared to the second quarter, much lighter than the second quarter. So with the exception of some of our markets in Asia, each market we serve steps down pretty substantially in Q3 from Q2, and then comes back a bit in Q4 as youve seen in the past, but certainly not to Q2 levels. The other thing thats kind of going on, just to add a little more color at the end of the day, you get some artificial increases to the perceived seasonality which is the timing of some of our POS terminal sales in Europe; even the timing of some of the networking center for revenue, you guys know we get from time to time in the other markets. Some relatively highly profitable sales actually happen in Q2 and we actually thought theyd come in Q3. It just sort of exacerbates the seasonality. Maybe part of the trick for solving for your model based on the way you phrased your questions. And then finally, North America, remember the U.S. has a few less processing days in Q3 than Q2 this year. Its different from last year and previous years, and of course the macro challenges in Canada. So if you talk about it in margin terms, you can take a look at history. Our general pattern is to post our highest operating margin in the first quarter, a bit lower in the second and then lower margins again in Q3 and Q4. At a high level, I think it looks like 2010 is kind of following that pattern, but a little bit more than maybe weve seen in the past. All of this is really frankly a long winded way of suggesting we dont think were wildly inconsistent with some of the traditional patterns youve seen, but clearly the swings that we expect in 2010 are more pronounced than one might expect especially given that we really dont think were going to find new tailwinds from macro consumer trends or from the FX environment. So all in, you kind of look at this, at the end of the day you look at the full year, were pretty pleased with our execution, pretty pleased with the idea of being able to grow earnings in pretty solid fashion in the next couple of quarters on the way to as much as 17% earnings for the full year, but its a long kind of tortuous story on the way there. I apologize for that, but I thought Id give you all the color thats on the top of my head right now.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse: Just one follow up on that, on the international margins, those continue to surprise. You talked about Canada being a little bit of a hit, but would the international margins be able to sustain these levels or do we expect that to fall quite a bit as well?
David Mangum: Thats a great question. I think if you look at international margins, as we go through the rest of the year, they can actually continue to tick up. Theyll obviously be down in Q4, just based on the way weve described seasonality and if you kind of compare even just the consensus, Q3 is the piece of the year when the consensus model is probably going to be the biggest change to match what were talking about. So you might have the margins international dip down in Q3 and then come back again in Q4, so theyll match the pattern of the business, but they will actually continue to expand longer term and theyre doing what we hoped they will do over the course of the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Napoli  Piper Jaffray.
Robert Napoli  Piper Jaffray: I think we had this conversation on why the second quarter was going to be a lot weaker than the first quarter on the last call, but you have a history of being very conservative on your guidance and it seems like youre even more so now. So I wont even go there because it just seems like the numbers on your guidance is just too way too conservative, but thats your history. The international margins and the U.S. margins may be a little bit more color. The U.S. margins hovering, the North American margins hovering around 25% while youre having the macro problems in Canada. Maybe a little more color the outlook for North American margins; in your comments on the macro challenges in Canada, because it seems to me like the macro challenges in Canada based on all macro economic data, should be less than the macro challenges in North America and maybe some other markets.
David Mangum: Just to make sure were clear on the pieces, Canada is a part of North America.
Robert Napoli  Piper Jaffray: Right, but your margins were very strong in North America, yet your growth was driven by ISOs in the U.S, stronger than we expected, lets put it that way.
David Mangum: Fair question. If you pull apart the pieces and the way weve thought about North America this year is, were hoping for a year of sort of stabilization in the margin and the margin decline as youve seen historically. So while we expect North America margins on a full year basis to drop maybe a couple of points from last year, that implies that we actually are growing EBIT in both markets; U.S. and Canada for total EBIT growth overall. It also implies that despite seeing problems in gaming in terms of volume etc., we are doing a better job of matching investment levels and expense levels overall to revenue growth. The piece we cant control as you properly pointed out is the mix of ISO business. Its clearly the fastest growing, but I would not discount the growth and the positive sales success were seeing in the more profitable direct business, while not huge, it is a nicely profitable business and is growing nicely with a fairly solid sales track record as we exited 09 into 10. And then all in, Canada is still quite profitable. Were just not seeing what we hoped for there in terms of a real up tick in margin. The real thing we think well see in Canada quite honestly, comes in Q3 and Q4. This sort of recent trend of the large retailers we have in Canada apparently taking more share in terms of the total percentage of proportion of transactions, really is just kind of coming into the fore as we exit Q2 and head into Q3 and Q4.
Robert Napoli  Piper Jaffray: Youre going to have a lot more cash, somewhat more cash with the sale of Money Transfer and on the acquisition focus; can you give any update on what youre looking for? Is there any change or are there any other products that you might be interested in like bill payment products or anything like that, and is your focus still heavily outside of the U.S.?
Paul Garcia: Were primarily focused on merchant acquisition opportunities both domestically and internationally. We think that the international opportunities are more attractive just because of the growth dynamic, but theres a number of attractive opportunities is the U.S. too that were pursuing. So the pipeline is pretty robust. It doesnt mean that we wouldnt be interested in a product or two that could complement that merchant acquisition strategy. And youre right, were going to deploy that capital towards making some of these acquisitions and hopefully were very visibly working on them and hopefully well have some things to discuss.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan.
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: I wanted to ask a little bit more about Canada. Is the situation that youre seeing within your portfolio mix was big box retail that you service or is it, Im just trying to understand whats going on exactly with the mix and how that influences your business, and maybe if you could give us the volume or the transaction growth in the quarter that would be helpful.
Paul Garcia: I can see your confusion because youve been conditioned to think about the U.S. presence is heavily driven by mid sized merchants and then of course our ISO strategy. We have a handful of big merchants, but we do have some. Canada is a portfolio that is much more balanced. We have mid sized, small, but we also have a large number of very big merchants. In fact, we had a successful quarter in signing lots of big merchants in Canada; eight fairly good sized merchants we signed last quarter. So we continue to add on to that portfolio. So when David is talking about these numbers, this isnt the industry in total or Canada in total, these are our customers that were personally observing this.
David Mangum: So when we say within just our customers, youre talking about within that base, a couple of our larger big box retailers, the proportion of transactions we have attributed to that sub set of customers is higher now than it was two months ago, three months ago, four months ago. So thats really the delta. The overall transaction growth frankly for Canada is about flat for the quarter on a year over year basis, so thus you sort of have this situation where that trend can exacerbate the fact that were roughly flat in terms of transactions, hence a more material impact than if we were growing X percent or Y percent.
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: So its really a spread impact is the impact to revenues.
David Mangum: Exactly right. The larger customers by definition come in at a lower spread hence you end up at the lower margin overall, which is the impact that youre seeing from Canada.
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: So where youve seen December, maybe a little bit of January, can you give us some idea of what point did it bottom out in terms of the mix change? Is it getting worse? Is it stabilizing? Just so we can model it through.
David Mangum: Its a great question. Its tough to see what the trend is per se. I would say December was a lot like November so hopefully we did find bottom and well have to watch January and February to really see if that bears out.
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: In Asia Pac, whats sort of driving your confidence there that growth rate will accelerate back into the mid teens.
Paul Garcia: We had some fairly atypical things happen that actually depressed our growth. We had a pretty good December, and were committed to double digit growth in that market. I think as weve discussed, personally on these calls, it isnt so much about did we sign some more hotels or is there a drop off in tourism, that is part of the story for this. But this is still a fairly small business. The big emphasis is can we really grow this, and were convinced that we can and we will and the growth opportunities particularly for China and India are mind boggling. And so I would say stay tuned on Asia and hopefully well be talking about some real meaningful numbers in the years to come from that region.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Koning  Robert W. Baird.
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: In Q2 in the U.S. your sequential revenue was down about 1%. Thats about the best youve had in the last five years in terms of sequential growth in Q2, and Q1 was a lot like that. It was your best sequential growth in probably the last five years. So it seems like something pretty good is happening here in the U.S. and maybe a little different than how bad the economy is. Maybe you can just walk through why your trends are as good as theyve ever been.
Paul Garcia: The key to the U.S. particularly given the environment remains the ISO channel and the efficient sales channel that they operate on our behalf. The direct business is performing nicely and even the small piece that is indirect is performing nicely. But the key on a sequential basis is going to be the ISO performance.
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: Youve talked in the last several quarters about some tough trends in Central and Eastern Europe with a couple of clients leaving etc. Is that starting to get back into growth mode or is that still struggling?
Paul Garcia: Its still challenging, and I just want to make sure I clarify. We have not lost any customers in Central Europe. We have renewed our three largest customers and at a time like this in this macro environment, when youre renewing indirect customers, when your banks are reselling your product, thats a tough renewal to work your way through. The team there has done that and renewed them all and actually, its five new customers, but the three largest absolutely have been renewed. So were feeling good about that operationally, but all in, the decline we expect for this year is not finished as we exit Q2. Theres a little bit more revenue challenges as we go through Q3 and Q4.
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: And then by Q1 will that turn back into growth again year over year?
Paul Garcia: Were hopeful, but actually I would phrase it a different way. To stay away from talking about specific quarters next year, were hoping to have a turn back toward growth in 11, but lets see how the rest of this shakes. Remember, what were going to have is renewals this year that will carry over into 2011, so when we get around to talking about 11 on a full year basis, well have a better picture as to whether or not we can overcome that with volume growth and/or new sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Just a quick question on the U.S. transaction growth rate; again its 19%. Can you first just comment on how youre accomplishing that growth. I know you mentioned before the ISO channel, but it went from 20% to 19%. It was up from 16% the quarter before. How should we think about that going forward and also maybe the difference between transaction growth and revenue growth in the U.S. was a lot lower in this quarter than it had been in prior quarters, so maybe you could explain that as well?
David Mangum: I think if youre going to think about transaction growth going forward, mid to high teens is a safe place to think about it. 20% I think of as an anomaly. 19% is a nice strong quarter. Hopefully thats on the way to a trend, but at the end of the day mid to high teens and lets see how it goes. The toughest thing about all of this is everyone of these conversations tonight is sort of the elephant in the room; what does the macro to for this or to this, and thats a tough one to pin down. If you think about the pieces of the 19% transaction becoming 15% revenue growth, and to your point, last quarters differential was about 11 points, we did see average ticket stabilize a bit this quarter as compared to last quarter. So on a sequential basis, which obviously helps, we have a little bit of revenue coming in from Auction Pay.  As I mentioned on an earlier question, our indirect business, small as it is, is actually performing well and helping sort of offset that. We didnt see the exact same quarterly performance last quarter from the indirect business. And then a little help with the margin from some of the October pricing changes from the Association, probably all in, that explains the pieces. It probably shouldnt surprise you to see that range between four or eight or nine points in any given quarter.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Were there any large or meaningful ISO additions or losses during the quarter?
Paul Garcia: There werent any to speak of to the extent they were large. We probably would have put out an announcement but the base of ISOs has been relatively stable for upward of four or five years. Well add from quarter to quarter, well add a few ISOs but they tend to be on the smaller side so they wouldnt have that much impact either on the top or bottom line.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: We had heard some discussion around some ISOs moving over to some pricing competitive players in the market and so maybe you could comment a little bit on pricing in the U.S.
Paul Garcia: I think the story, if you went back five years on the ISOs its been pretty similar. Its a competitive market. There are a number of providers who provide services to this group like we do and I dont see it changing. I havent seen it change dramatically. Its competitive. Its been competitive and Im not expecting it to change.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: On the tax rate, can you just explain? I think it came out around 27% or 28% this quarter. Correct me if Im wrong, but is that a little lower? Thats a little lower than we had modeled. Maybe you can just help us understand what we should expect going forward.
David Mangum: As you know there are a couple of different ways to look at our tax rates, so Im speaking to the effective rate you quoted at 27% which is probably the P&L rate. Either way, the dynamic in the delta is roughly the same. So on an effective rate basis, we posted at about 31.5% in Q1, turned around and posted 29% in Q2. The bulk of that difference is really due to we actually had a reserve for a certain statute in one geography, and that statute expired so we could actually just bring the reserve back into our books. So that created kind of a one time benefit this quarter. As we look out for the rest of the year, were probably looking at 32.5% or thereabouts for Q3 and Q4 on the way to a full year rate that I talked about earlier on the call of between 31% and 32%. If youre looking at the face of the P&L, use those same sort of trends I described to build your model for what Q3 and Q4 would be. In other words, you quoted 17% which is a point or two lower than our effective rate. Apply the same logic to 32.5% I quoted for Q3 and Q4. One last follow-up to your earlier question I think relative to a note in the market about us losing an ISO, there hasnt been any large ISO losses. We do lose small ones from time to time. There was probably a mid sized one that we had a piece of the business. I can think of two instances where we had a piece of the business, somebody else had a piece of the business, and they tend to when they do leave, oftentimes in the case of this one ISO, they sold their business off to another ISO and we may not see as much of the new business but we keep the base. Its not in all cases, but it one I can think of and obviously in the note I saw wasnt referencing them specifically, but there hasnt been a dramatic impact to the base.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg  UBS.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS: I wanted to start with a question on the G2 platform conversion, if you can just clue us in on where are you at this point? Are you still on track with the timelines youve talked about in the past? And just a follow up on that same topic, I know its premature to sketch out exactly quantitatively how much savings youre going to get from the conversion when all is said and done but can you give us any kind of sense of how much of whatever that savings might be will actually get reinvested in the business rather than dropping to the bottom line to the extent that you have a sense for that at this point.
James Kelly: Ill start with the commentary color on the progress of the rollout and David can cover the second part of your question. Just to refresh everybodys understanding, weve converted both to our front end and to our back end the G2 is the front end and our system is our back end. All of our Asia businesses that been converted which is seven, and that was completed over the summer. So the savings associated with those are already reflected in the financials and will be in the guidance that Paul and David provide. At the same time as weve worked on the Asia market, we have been actively working on the U.S. and we are almost through our beta here in the U.S. We have a number of merchants up and on the system to validate we are where we are expecting to be and I would tell you that we feel very confident that the plan is meeting its objective and we anticipate more color on that coming by the end of this year.
David Mangum: The planned specifics as you guys will recall are for the U.S. migration to be effective the summer, perhaps early fall of 2010 so first quarter thereabout of fiscal 2011 for us with Canada and the U.K. to follow. More color on that in the next couple of quarters of calls just in terms of the roll out particularly in terms of the subsequent markets and the timing specifically for the subsequent markets. Now in terms of the actual financial implications, I dont think were going to put a lot of final point on what we expect right now. Well clearly as we head deeper into the U.S. migration, be in a position to provide more color on our Q3 call and obviously more color and more meat on the bone in Q4 and we head into 11 when we expect to see actual financial implications for the migration. In terms of what we reinvest, I think well take that one on when we get more specific about the numbers. All in that will be facts and circumstances and a decision we make at that time, but well reserve a little bit of judgment for that time. But a lot more to come as you know and were just happy to be executing as well as we are on the schedule right now.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS: In the U.S. as far as the strategy to expand your roster of bank referral partners, any updates there? Do you think well see or hear anything significant perhaps before the end of this current fiscal year?
Paul Garcia:  Wed love to say yes but firstly a lot of the dance partners are taken. There are opportunities to get somebody to dump their current dance partner and were working very hard on that. Im not going to give too much more color other than that is a great channel and were working very hard on looking for opportunities, and quite frankly we think we have a compelling story and maybe self servingly, but we think a better story than anybody for a bank partner.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS: Just to circle back on M&A a little bit, conceptually, how big of an acquisition would you be comfortable doing just based on what the capital structure looks like right now for the company and the kind of leverage ratios you might be comfortable with in the future. If you found the perfect strategic fit, where you do realistically max out from a size perspective?
Paul Garcia: Thats a tough one. I think the best predictor of future behavior is past. So our comfort level is typically in the small to medium size and I think theres a large body of evidence that would suggest that the companies that do that typically have a better execution record. However, there are some wonderful opportunities out there and if they fit the criteria you set and were reasonably near term accretive, and fit what we wanted to do, then I think that we would stretch and get some things done. We have access to the capital markets. We have reasonably available lines and these things are self financing in many regards if theyre everything you just said and I just said. So I would say that I would guide you towards were looking at deals that are probably medium to small, but if an opportunity presents itself, we would absolutely go after it.
David Mangum: Maybe to add a little more color to the capital structure portion of the question, we sit right now at about one turn or so of EBITDA and we de-lever pretty quickly. We generate a fair amount of cash flow, something that we talked about before. Wed love to talk a little more with you guys about as we get a little deeper into how we go through free cash flow and EBITDA but at the end of the day, we could certainly be comfortable with two to three times EBITDA, two to three turns for the right character deals as Paul was just describing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott.
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott: Could you break out your 19% transaction growth in the U.S. between debit and credit?
David Mangum: We dont actually break out particularly discretely, but at the end of the day, weve got 20% plus growth in debit and then obviously much more modest growth in credit. Probably the key as you think about it is were seeing a lot of growth in signature as well as pin. Pin remains less than 10% of our total transactions just as it has for some time. So all in, the mix isnt wildly shifting. Were getting an awful lot of signature growth.
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott.: You sounded cautiously optimistic on the U.S. given the stabilization of average tickets. Can you give us some sense of what youre seeing in same store sales growth in your merchants in the U.S.?
Paul Garcia: I dont know if were going to drill down quite that far. I think the point about the U.S. is were getting a little bit of help from stabilization and average tickets and that were pleased really with the relative level of execution in the business on the indirect side and on the sales side thats helping pull the pieces of this together in a fairly solid fashion as the year goes on.
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott.: On cash flow, since you were talking about it earlier, how should we think about the settlement processing assets and obligations which contributed about $600 million in cash flow for the first half? So is $1 billion of cash on hand a real normalized cash on hand or is some of that going to flow back out to whoever the counterparty is?
David Mangum: At the end of the day not only is it going to flow back out, it flew back out. All joking aside, the available cash we have is a little over $200 million. That the check we could write tomorrow if Paul found a $200 million dollar deal he was describing earlier. Theres a little bit more of our earned cash that we put towards working capital, the management reserves and some of the merchant relationships. So probably the right way to look at that number is to take $.5 billion or even as much as $600 million out of that number. If you look back at previous quarter ends when we didnt end on a Monday, and there you get more of a normalized view of where cash ought to be. But the $1 billion is absolutely illusory.
Operator: Your next question comes from [James Casine  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch]
[James Casine  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch]: I wanted to go back to Canada. Im still trying to figure out why it was such a sudden shift in the quarter versus previous quarters. Was there anything going on with pricing with some of the large merchants?
Paul Garcia: No, nothing specific going on with pricing. We really saw maybe the beginnings of this in Q but werent sure. In Q2 is where it kind of came through on the metrics and really changed our view of the trajectory of Canada for the rest of the year. So I wouldnt suggest November 1 it was a wild change, but it did more come home to roost as the quarter went on.
[James Casine  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch]: Can you give us the mix in your Canadian business between big box or national retailers versus small?
Paul Garcia: No, we really cant. We dont break that out. We try not to drill down too much in any one market. In this case, as you look at the face of the segment income statement and the segment revenues that we do by country, its obviously going to stand out and its worth making sure we talk about it, but I dont know that were going to drill all the way down there. Certainly we call these national accounts are big enough so that if the volume shifts towards them with their lower spreads, they can move the meter a little bit on growth rates.
James Kelly: Id also point out that relative to the U.S. where Paul mentioned earlier, were more a mid market focus. While we do have a number of billion dollar plus accounts here, thats not enough to distort the overall U.S. mix. But in Canada, from the time we made the acquisition in 01 and forward, it has always had a pretty good concentration of larger retailers, the largest supermarket chain being one example. Not that thats a big box, but its a large piece of our business and to the extent that gets a bigger part of the share, the margins on those businesses are substantially different than a small or mid size store.
[James Casine  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch]: I know its not that big but you mentioned that Russia was weak. I know its a recent acquisition, so maybe an update there.
David Mangum: Im glad you asked that question, so if I gave you that impression I apologize. When I was talking about Russia, actually lets go back for a second. Russia continues to execute very well and is outperforming our expectations for this year. So its a great part of the story right now, and obviously as you know, we bought Russia for what it can help us deliver over the next two, three, four, five years more than Q2 or Q3 of this year. As we go into Q3, what were leaning as we operate the business and learn more about the market, is Q3 is a seasonally light year in Russia. So its not that its going to be weak. Its actually just going to be seasonally light the same way that we expect that from the U.S. and weve learned the U.K. last year as well. Its sort of making Q3 all in, a sequentially seasonally challenging quarter for us. But Russia is performing very well. You just go to the calendar. What goes on in Russia, they have a happy January and a lot less transactions over the course of what is our Q3, that December through February period.
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Katri  Cowan & Co.
Moshe Katri  Cowan & Co.: Can you comment on any new pricing initiatives specifically in the U.K. and whether any contributions from that to margins during the quarter.
Paul Garcia: We saw the beginnings of our re-pricing initiatives in the U.K. this quarter. Were hoping for more impact in Q3 and Q4. I would tell you as we go through the year, well probably see a little less impact in the U.K. from the re-pricing than we thought. Well be cautious as we roll that out. It is a tough macro environment and as we work with the bank to get the data and the things we need to know in order to roll out the pricing, we may see a little less impact than we might have originally thought. But still, when we roll out the pricing that actually is in place, its broad based increase for the first time in that base in awhile. It didnt really change much of Q2. It has more of a quarterly effect in Q3 and again in Q4.
Moshe Katri  Cowan & Co.: Can we also get an update on some of the dynamics going on in Canada with Interac?
Paul Garcia: Ill do that and Ill let David answer the last part of the question about pricing initiatives as well. The Interac is, we are ready to roll with the Visa and MasterCard products; Interac of course being the competition and Interac driving 65% of our transactions are debit oriented in Canada today, and theyre all on Interac. So the question is does the Interac model change and what impact does Visa and MasterCard products have. All we can do is prepare our platforms to provide those services and we are at that place, and now we are waiting to see like the rest of the world. I would tell you that we really dont have a clue what thats going to mean. I think it will have an impact. I think it will be slower to build and I think it will be a bit of a tail wind going into the future, but its going to take a little while for us to really give you guys some clear guidance on that.
James Kelly: I wouldnt expect what you saw in the interchange changes over the last year and a half to two years on the introduction of signature products into Canada where existing cards on the market were changed over overnight to these premium rewards cards at a higher interchange which after the interchange changes were introduced had a big impact on the market. In this new program for the debit products, the issuers will need to place new products into the market so the speed at which those issuers launch those cards and their acceptance by the merchants and the consumers will drive the speed at which youll see this initiative.
Moshe Katri  Cowan & Co.: Can you comment on the ongoing initiative or the ongoing relationship with China Union Pay in terms of where we are?
Paul Garcia: That was part of the question that Tien-tsin asked about Asia. Although Asia, were very pleased with Asia and were looking at double digit growth in Asia, the real opportunity is something much more significant, and CUP will be a big part of that. So we have various relationships with CUP. Supporting the CUP card as holders of those cards travel to places outside of China and we are in fact providing those services in a number of countries and intend on providing them in additional countries. And then the other piece is allowing us to acquire CUP transactions in PRC in mainland China. Now we acquire CUP transactions today in Hong Kong and Macao and were acquiring them now in Taiwan which is a recent development. But were not able yet, no one is able to acquire CUP transactions in PRC. You have to be a Chinese institution, let me be clear on that. No non Chinese institution can acquire transactions in PRC. We are fairly far down the road to be given opportunities to do just that. We still have some work to do and we are hoping that in the not too distant future to be sharing with you some more details about our ability to do just that, but its a long complicated road.
Moshe Katri  Cowan & Co.: Do you have any preliminary data on some of the transaction volumes for example that goes through Beijing?
Paul Garcia: Yes. We do in a couple of different scenarios. We process in Beijing for Visa, MasterCard transactions. We have an idea what CUP transactions are. And your question was relative to both of them?
Moshe Katri  Cowan & Co: Yes.
Paul Garcia: Were not really going to give a forecast on CUP at this time, but when we get a little closer to having the ability to do just that, we will be sharing some data with you.  In terms of Visa and MasterCard, we know precisely by city. We have offices in 10 of them and we just dont break it down to that kind of level as you understand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: You said in an acquisition that you think theres opportunities both domestically and internationally. So on the domestic side, were you implying size or strategic or both in terms of opportunity for Global Payments?
Paul Garcia: We were talking about portfolios. Were talking about bank portfolios. Were talking about stand alone companies and were talking about companies that are in market niches that provide merchant acquisitions, so all of those categories.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Has the environment changed over the last six months domestically because of whats happening in the economy or is there another reason maybe some more portfolios are available?
Paul Garcia: I think you are seeing an up tick in available portfolios and Im not exactly sure why that is. We are seeing it. I think your suggestion is as good as any. I think the economy has something to do with it, but we are indeed seeing more opportunities than weve seen in the last couple of years.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Would it be fair to say that right now margins out of Asia are probably lower than your overall international margins?
Paul Garcia: Thats absolutely correct. In fact last year we didnt have a margin in Asia so were actually going to earn money there. So its increased by thousands of percent. We think overall that the margin in Asia will be accretive to our margin in the U.S. 
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Does that imply that your Asian margins can get to or exceed your current international margins?
Paul Garcia: I think it implies it can get to them. Whether it exceeds them, lets see how things shake. That really depends a lot on how fast we see the growth in early stage markets in Asia. Its based on the size and we need to complete the conversions but I dont think theres any reason why it cant continue to press forward.
David Mangum: I personally think Asia can exceed. I think its a dynamic market. Its a faster growing market. But you know, Im not going to give you time frames on that. That could be years and years.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Theres been a lot of talk about RBS selling its merchant business in the U.K. Apparently the story is out that there could be a buyer or is a buyer for that business. Im just wondering, what are the implications of that business being sold for Global Payments?
Paul Garcia: Sold to Global Payments or sold to someone else who now competes with Global Payments?
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research: Im assuming it cant be sold to Global Payments so it probably would be somebody who competes with Global Payments?
Paul Garcia: I would say that theres lots of rumors including some newspaper articles that I would say are inaccurate. They havent reached a conclusion to sell that to any one person at this point that Im aware of, and were really not in a position to comment any further on it. I tell you I wish them a lot of luck with their transaction. But if it does change hands and it goes to someone who competes with us, I think were very well positioned in all the markets that were in to compete aggressively with them. One of the reasons they want to sell the asset is theyre looking at a huge investment of hundreds of millions of pounds to bring up their infrastructure. So theyve got some work to do.
James Kelly: I would add that we have a really solid team that has executed. Weve owned the business well over a year now and were well down the path of a conversion, moving that onto our system. So I think well be well positioned regardless of who is the ultimate owner.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson.
Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson: Did you call out the U.K. revenue this quarter? I dont know that I heard it if you did.
David Mangum: No, I did not. Once we started fiscal 10 with a full year under our belts, I did not. I stopped calling it out. I can tell you as we look at the full year, you think of how we talked about the models for 10 we are looking to see mid single digit growth overall from the U.K. Youll recall last year it was doing on the order of $50 million to $55 million U.S. a quarter.
Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson: How much of that growth is volume versus price?
David Mangum: A lot of it is price as you might expect. This is a market thats going to be a low single digit, may mid single digit in healthy economic circumstance. So its a combination of a little bit of volume, a fair amount of price, but also I think of these as separate, you may not, its sales success bringing in new volume. So rather than call it same store sales volume growth, its a matter of we really think were executing well in that market. To Jim and Pauls point a moment ago on a completely different topic, were executing well. The sales force as weve discussed before is in place and doing a pretty solid job bringing in new volume as well to help us grow a shade above what that market can grow on a normalized basis in better macro environment.
Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson: I assumed that market is not growing at all on a same store sales basis at this point. Its probably contracting a big.
James Kelly: If you think of the English economy, I dont know how anyone could assume anything different. I agree with you. But remember as well, were only 17% to 18% of the market. We have the opportunity to gain market share even in a flat market.
Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson: Does that mean, I know youve made investments in the sales infrastructure in the U.K., does that mean continued investment or youre pretty comfortable with where you are competitively? It seems like maybe youve got a window of opportunity there.
James Kelly: I think as long as have referrals to the sales group, well continue to invest in sales in any market. So I dont see the U.K. ending in terms of adding resources. It may not grow at the rate that we did in the first year, but we will definitely fill in as opportunities present themselves.
David Mangum: Thats really the key. Youll recall the first year was a really heavy hiring and training year and its as we get to the middle of this year, were hoping to see productive new sales people and then we can be more targeted in the addition that Jims talking about.
Paul Garcia: Ill add something too. Although we really do like our position and we think that we are better situated than anybody in that market and we think were adding market share faster than anybody in that market. It isnt like RBS and Barclays are laying down either. So we still have to win business every day.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Id like to go back to Canada if I can. When I look at a couple of different ways of hacking at the numbers, it looks like to me like the mix shift in Canada probably cost you $0.04 or $0.05 in earnings in the quarter. Is that the right kind of ball park? And I take it were looking at something worst than that in the December to February quarter. And then the second question for Canada, youve said that your product is Visa MasterCard debit introduction in Canada. Have you rolled out the pricing structure to your merchants that encompasses that or is that still pending and is there an opportunity to take some pricing up when you roll out that unbundled price?
David Mangum: Ill try the first part and pass it over to Jim for the second part. Without commenting specifically on your quantification which I really dont think well address, theres enough national account volume to move the meter in Canada such that you can see the growth trend turns. In other words, we started out this year talking as you were doing your model for 2010 thinking about mid single digit revenue growth in Canada. Now what were seeing is probably low single digits for the full year including help from FX. So that probably gives you enough of a sense to know that this sort of mix shift can be decent size and will given the relative contribution of our Canadian operation, have an impact on the earnings line, again, not commenting specifically on the number you quantified. And it will have more of an effect in the February quarter. So at 50,000 feet the way youre thinking about it makes sense and your assumptions make sense, again without necessarily commenting on the number itself you quoted.
James Kelly:  In terms of the roll out, the host was done the last year, the host being the processing/authorization system, and what weve been working toward is enabling our terminals that we own and rent to our customers. So these are the small to mid sized customers that have now been enabled to accept the cards, and the pricing has already been developed and rolled out to our customers as well.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Just to be explicit, have you bid for RBS, the RBS portfolio?
Paul Garcia: We appreciate the spirit of the questions, but as you could suspect, we cannot answer that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference back to Mr Garcia for closing statements.
Paul Garcia: Thank you and thank all of you for joining us on todays call. Happy New Year and we appreciate your support of Global Payments.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-10-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott  Vice President, Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer James G. Kelly - President, Chief Operating Officer
 :
Analysts:  Kartik Mehta - Northcoast  Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Larry Berlin - First Analysis Wayne Johnson - Raymond James Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan  Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Elliott: Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2010 first quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour and joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jim Kelly, President and COO; and David Mangum, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements made during this call and they are made only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to certain measures and normalized results for full year fiscal 2009 which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes these results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed today as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated October 1, 2009 which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now Id like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul. 
Paul R. Garcia : Thank you, Jane and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. For our fiscal 2010 first quarter, we delivered solid financial performance with revenue growth of 9% to $441 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.71, which was flat compared to last years quarter -- however, on a constant currency basis, our first quarter revenue and EPS growth would be 14% and 10% respectively.  Our North American merchant services revenue grew 6% for the quarter, driven by strong performance from our ISO channel as evidenced by U.S. transaction growth of 20% and some modest U.S. pricing initiatives partially offset by an unfavorable Canadian currency exchange rate.  Despite unfavorable currency exchange rates, we delivered revenue growth from our international merchant services segment this quarter of 29%, drive by the impact of our June 30, 2008 acquisition of the HSBC U.K. business as well as solid sales execution. I am very pleased with the initial performance of United Card Services, UCS, in Russia which performed better than anticipated. Our central European indirect processing businesses continues to be challenged but I am very pleased to announce that we have now renewed our three largest customers for multi-year periods.  Our Asia-Pacific business grew 23% due to the September 2008 addition of the Philippines as well as continued sales success.  Not surprisingly, macroeconomic conditions have caused our average ticket amounts to decline across all of our geographies compared to prior year with the U.S. experiencing the greatest decline in average ticket.  The U.S. trend continues to be driven by a combination of weakened consumer spending, the industry shift of increasing debit transactions, and the continued addition of merchants with smaller average tickets through our ISO channel.  However, I am pleased to report that we continue to expand market share in each of our direct merchant acquiring markets around the world.  Finally, the money transfer business continues to face challenges and macroeconomic headwinds, as well as immigrant labor trends. We are not aware of anything that would suggest that these trends will change for the remainder of fiscal 2010. However, despite these difficulties, we maintained double-digit operating margins for the quarter and will work to maintain this for the remainder of the year.  As part of our acquisition strategy, I am pleased to announce that on September 28th, we acquired auction pay, a small technology business in the U.S. that provides software solutions, technology, and processing for periodic payments and fundraising to not-for-profit organizations. While small enough to be literally inconsequential to current year revenue and earnings, this is an example of our strategy of acquiring technological providers operating in attractive vertical markets with proprietary technology, global opportunity, and sustainable competitive advantages.  Now, heres David to discuss the financial results in detail. David. 
David E. Mangum: Thanks, Paul. I plan to discuss currency trends, operating margins, financial statement presentation, and balance sheet and cash flow.  Our first quarter financial performance met our expectations and provides us with a solid start toward achieving our full-year revenue and earnings goals. Exchange rates in our key currencies did not vary materially from our outlook in Q1, nor has our outlook for a slightly weakened U.S. dollar over the course of fiscal 2010.  Thus our full-year EPS outlook for growth of 9% to 14% still includes a favorable impact to earnings growth of about 1 percentage point due to potential weakening of the U.S. dollar. Any fluctuations in currency rates of course may cause variances to our outlook.  Total company operating margins for the first quarter were about what we expected at 21%, and we continue to anticipate the opportunity for modestly expanding margins for the full fiscal year of 2010. On a year-over-year basis, North America margins were primarily affected by unfavorable Canadian currency exchange rates while international merchant services margins benefited from solid performance in the United Kingdom.  We adopted FAS-160 non-controlling interests in consolidated financial statements and EITF topic D98 classification and measurement of redeemable securities, at the beginning of the year, resulting in four retroactive changes to our financial statement presentation that I would like to highlight.  First, we have renamed minority interest to non-controlling interest on the balance sheet, statement of cash flows, and income statements. Second, we now reflect our redeemable non-controlling interests at their estimated redemption values in the mezzanine section of the balance sheet between total liabilities and shareholders equity. Third, we now show non-redeemable, non-controlling interests in the equity section. And finally, we now start the cash flow statement with net income including non-controlling interests, which adds the $4.6 million of non-cash, non-controlling interest expense to net income, thus eliminating what used to be an add-back to operating cash flow for what we previously called minority interest expense.  We reported an effective tax rate for the quarter of 31.4%, which is a little lower than our expectations, primarily due to the timing of certain international tax initiatives. We continue to expect our full year fiscal 2010 effective tax rate to approach 33%, though we may now come in a bit below that.  We reported total cash and cash equivalents of about $1 billion, but that amount is somewhat elusory. You may have noticed that our quarter ended on a Monday and as a result, our cash included weekend merchant dollar volume which is also reflected in our corresponding settlement obligations balance sheet line item. This volume was settled to our merchants on Tuesday, September 1st, bringing our cash level to a level more comparable to our May 31st reported cash. This timing effect will happen again in November and May. In fact, our total available cash at the end of the quarter was about $165 million.  Now for those of you interested in calculating cash earnings, amortization expense after non-controlling interest for the first quarter totaled $7 million and we continue to expect about $29 million in total for the full year. Please note that amortization will fluctuate over the course of the year due to currency translation.  Finally, from a constant currency perspective, the strengthened U.S. dollar reduced first quarter revenue growth by 5 percentage points, or $21 million, and earnings growth by 10 percentage points, or $0.07 per share.  And now I will turn the call back over to Paul. 
Paul R. Garcia : Thank you, David. Based on our current outlook, we continue to expect 2010 annual revenue of $1.69 billion to $1.74 billion, or 6% to 9% growth over fiscal 2009. And normalized diluted earnings per share of $2.43 to $2.54, reflecting 9% to 14% growth over fiscal 2009. We continue to be pleased at the prospect of expanding margins and we are actively pursuing acquisitions in all of our markets with a focus on merchant portfolios and other technology companies as we expand our global presence and product offerings.  Operator, we will now go to questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Kartik Mehta with Northcoast. 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast: Good afternoon. David, a question on the debt -- obviously you have that debt from the HSBC transaction and I am wondering what the goal is as far as reducing that debt? Will it be like youve done previously or you try to pay it off as quickly as you can or do you have intentions to continue with that debt for a while?
David E. Mangum: I think what you will see is the debt will continue for a while but as we accumulate cash, you should not be surprised to see us work to pay down to the most expensive portions of that debt, so it shouldnt surprise you in the least to see us start paying down a little bit of debt as we have accumulated a bit of cash now in the last couple, three quarters. 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast: Paul, you had a fantastic first quarter, obviously much better than anybody expected yet you are keeping your full-year guidance where it is. I am just wondering, is it that we just all under-estimated what you could earn in the first quarter or did something happen in the first quarter that gives you pause about the remainder of the year and as a result you are not raising guidance?
Paul R. Garcia : Its primarily the first part. We give you guys annual guidance and I think you guys generally, the street consensus built in a little more of a hockey stick into the plans than quite frankly our expectation and we are pretty spot on with our plan, so thats the primary reason. 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast: So would you expect in the past, youve had a second quarter that is seasonally a lot lower than the first quarter -- would you expect similar seasonal trends this year as in the past, or because of FX, you will see something different?
David E. Mangum: I think what you will see, if we focus on just the current year, not comparisons to last year, as Paul mentioned Q1 was about right on our plan and at the end of the day, if you look annually, you will see FX drive swings in the growth so lets set all that aside for the moment -- what we really expect to see now is a year that is shaped like our traditional years have shaped. So go back to 2008 or even before where you will see the traditionally our first quarter contributed something in the order of 27% of our full-year earnings and then Q3 contributed substantially the least of our earnings for that year with each of Q2 and Q4 somewhere in between. That is generally how we see the year shaping, meaning that we exit Q1 on track for our full year expectations but it is as Paul said really were kind of dead on our own plan for full year as we exit Q1. I realize we are ahead of published estimates because you guys are jumping really off of Q4 but we do see the year shaping like you have traditionally watched Global Payments have a year shape. 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast: And then last question, Paul, just on your most recent acquisition of Auction Pay -- obviously a small acquisition but what is it that you acquired that you didnt have and -- or what will this acquisition let you do that you couldnt do before?
Paul R. Garcia : There are several great verticals and philanthropic giving is one of them. And this is -- this company, although its not a big company, its a very good company with some great product sets and its actually a leader in this space, particularly in the auction space so the -- you have an auction at your kids school and thats a sweet spot for these guys and they probably have more of that business than anyone.  So we believe we can take this company beyond its initial geographies. We can add some product suites to it. We like what they do. We think we can actually improve upon it and immediately take these to Canada and to the U.K. for starters.  So we like this deal, its a great vertical. We also like the management team. The CEO and the people that helped build this are all coming with the deal. They are excited about doing this with us and I think I would say small but powerful. We feel very good about this deal. 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas McCrohan with Janney Montgomery Scott. 
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: I had a quick question on the operating leverage and just conceptually, you know, [if you adjust] for currency, you know, your revenue grew faster than earnings per share so could you just give us a sense for what is going on in the model that is causing that phenomena and can we expect that trend to change sometime in the future where your bottom line growth will grow at the same rate as your top line?
David E. Mangum: I think what drives most of that phenomena, I think you are particularly looking sequentially, is going to be ISO progress that brings us the revenue growth that doesnt bring a resulting earnings growth with it and I think you will see that phenomena continue to carry as we go through the year. Now, as we build more mass globally with countries like the U.K., as Russia grows, as we build more mass in Asia, you will see that being [end of turn]. And if you were to look out a few quarters, you will begin to see a different relationship what you might term I suppose a more logical relationship between revenue and earnings growth but for the moment, as we do Q1 and probably Q2 as well, you will see that effect continue. 
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: And certainly international is the growth, a big growth opportunity here and the margins were really much better than I would have thought this quarter, so you mentioned in your prepared remarks that international benefited from improved performance. Can you kind of drill down on that a little bit?
David E. Mangum: I would be happy to. So if you think about international in total, we continue to make very steady progress in Asia with sequential as well as annual revenue growth and margin expansion. Now thats happening literally sequentially so we are not jumping five points at a clip but we are growing substantially. In addition, as we rationalized our U.K. investment levels, remember we invested in, for example, 50-some odd new sales folks over the course of the last year or so. Those kinds of investments are now fully in the run-rate, the sales folks are beginning to become productive, which has sort of double the leverage at that point. You get the run-rate leverage then plus performance eventually on top line and then you will see us begin to introduce price increases to a market like that. You will see very nice progress at the operating line in the U.K. over the course of this year.  Now, going the other way, weve got our challenges with the indirect business model into central Europe but frankly Asia and the U.K. are trumping that and carrying the water. 
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, and maybe just to close, my last question on international opportunities, it seems like there is a lot of activity in Europe. We just saw your competitor, [Elevon], I guess form a partnership with [Santandair]. But can you just talk about what you are seeing out there in the market and is there an expectation that more banks will look to exit or partner on the merchant processing side?
Paul R. Garcia : Thats clearly our hope and that is a primary focus for us. I think those are -- when you can get those deals, those are most usually very good ones, so we are focused on those and we do think we will see some more of those in all of the geographies we are currently in. So Europe, Central Europe, and Asia. So we are hopeful.  Jim, do you want to add any color there?
James G. Kelly:  I think as you saw in the announcement with [Elevon] that banks are combining and looking for ways now that the initial crisis -- beyond -- [passed all of it] that they will look to liquidate pieces of their business to raise capital and looking forward to those opportunities in Western Europe, Eastern Europe, and potentially in Asia. 
David E. Mangum: Tom, I think what [inaudible] the [Elevon] deal is [inaudible] [Santandir] actually acquiring a bank in the U.K. that had an existing relationship with [Elevon]. 
James G. Kelly:  -- the bank and [Elevon Nova] at the time had a deal with them years ago. 
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: Fair enough. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: It sounds like increasingly you are reporting from remote locations but the question I had, Paul, last quarter I didnt get a chance to follow-up with you on this but you had mentioned that you were interested or would be willing to pursue acquisitions in ISOs and then I think there was some sort of clarification about what that really meant. Can you just remind us where your head is and what you mean by that?
Paul R. Garcia : Sure, I will but Dan, let me comment on the first part about the sound check. Were all sitting here in this one room and somebody just came in from one of our staff and said they couldnt hear on their PC so Operator, I dont know what that means but if were having problems with the audio, I just want you to do what you can.  All right, Dan, so thanks for the ISOs question -- what I meant was that we kind of lump everything in as ISOs. I mean, you could say were an ISO, quite frankly. If youre not a financial institution, you are by definitions of Visa and MasterCard, youre considered an ISO and there are ISOs that have very traditional models with commission only sales people and they go after successful verticals and add some value-add and build very nice businesses. And what I said was thats not a business that I think you are going to see us acquiring. But there are other companies that are primarily in interesting niches with the technology play and they dont employ tens of -- or hundreds or thousands of commission sales people and I think Auction Pay is a great example. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: So we should think about -- youd be open to the idea of acquiring companies that have technology, like a small enterprise solution?
Paul R. Garcia : Dan, I dont want to -- were swapping out phones as we are speaking here. This is a little bit like changing the tires on your car as you are driving down the road, so I am literally following the speaker phone around the conference room. It kicked up the difficulty level a couple of notches. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: I hope G2 goes better than this. 
Paul R. Garcia : Well, that is our hope. We do have some things to say about that, so -- 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Did you hear the question I had?
Paul R. Garcia : Why dont you repeat that, that would be helpful?
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, so it sounds like removing the traditional ISO vertical, youd be open to acquiring businesses that have maybe even enterprise technologies in verticals where you may be in but arent traditional payment companies? 
James G. Kelly:  Thats correct and I think Paul was alluding to Auction Pay as an example of a couple of things -- one, its technology focused so its not selling simply the acquiring services but they are offering a solution for people running auctions and its a software solution. I think we would also be interested in businesses that focus on more the traditional bank model, referral model, those that have a direct sales force and I dont think thats located just in the U.S. -- thats Canada, thats Europe, thats Asia. That tends to be the model that we are best at and the model that describes more the traditional ISO model where there is not a referral source, its brute force and relationships. We leave that to those who are best at it, which are the people that we rely on here in the U.S. and some in Canada to deliver those smaller merchant sets. 
Paul R. Garcia : Thats a great clarifier. Let me just say one other thing on top of Jims point -- so to be very crisp, its not a business -- we attempted to do this eight or nine years ago with a commission only sales force. We did not do a good job of it. Along the same time, our ISOs were building up very successfully this large market presence. We fortunately aligned ourselves with some wonderful ISOs who were doing very well.  Number one, I dont want to compete with them. I -- in fact, I wouldnt flatter myself to think I could, even if I wanted to, and we are not that stupid so thats not what we are all about. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And then I just want to clarify a point to David -- I just want to make sure you are talking about fiscal year 2010 margin improvement year-on-year, not just throughout the year. 
David E. Mangum: Yes, thats exactly right. So the opportunity for expanding margins on a full year over full year basis. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, and then Paul, since the Russian acquisition is performing a little bit better, can you just remind us kind of what your near-term action plan is for that asset? Is it that traditional -- you know, you make an acquisition, you invest heavily in it, it kind of pulls the margins in and then you kind of let it run? So is that where we are in the story or are there some things that you learned are you are doing differently this time around?
James G. Kelly:  Im answering at least a piece of this -- I think that [inaudible], unlike a lot of the ones youve seen where this had a self-contained business that was separate from the bank, theres no conversion involved, we may ultimately convert pieces to our G2 system but its not necessary out of the box. So I think this is investment similar to what David was describing for Europe where its a direct sales force -- remember Russia is somewhat new to this business and their number of sales resources are limited, so thats an area of expansion. I think we have opportunities for additional acquisitions from financial institutions that are in the market that we are associated with today and just others that we compete with. So I think the future for those type of growth levers are very bright. 
Paul R. Garcia : So just to add on to Jim again, so to clarify, we are going to invest. That is going to have a little bit of an impact on the margin, in that we are adding a lot of sales people because we think these guys are incredibly well-positioned. We love the management and so we are encouraging them to add sales resources, because I think that market is becoming more and more attractive every day. 
David E. Mangum: Each of Jims and Pauls comments are incorporated into our existing expectations so remember we told you its earnings neutral or thereabouts for this year, so those investment levels are incorporated into that expectation. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: I expect nothing less. One other -- I guess two other real quick questions -- can you just give us an example of what you are considering in terms of pricing opportunities in the U.K. that maybe didnt exist previously? And then the last question and Ill jump off, doesnt HSBC have a put option on it and when does that come due?
Paul R. Garcia : Let me just ask one question first and then Jim is going to take the U.K. one -- is the sound any better? We just tried to fix this. Can you hear us? Is it crystal?
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, its very good. Thank you. 
James G. Kelly:  In reverse order, they had a put option. There was a put in call provision -- thats gone. We purchased the business outright, so at this stage its ours for the U.K., if that was your question. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: For Asia. 
James G. Kelly:  Oh, for Asia, yes. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Sorry. 
James G. Kelly:  Asia still has opportunities for them to put the business -- its in pieces beginning I think in the fifth year. Were in year four so they could sell down -- I think its 15% a year -- and then at a -- I think below 20% or 15%, we just buy the rest out. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: So thats 2012 that kicks in?
James G. Kelly:  I believe it was five years, but -- 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. 
Paul R. Garcia : You know, I think that its more likely that they decide they want to do it or they -- and they would do something probably not in pieces; they would just do it or they would decide -- and as of now the bank seems interested in keeping the JV going. We are completely agnostic. We have a great relationship. In either scenario, we have a long-term marketing alliance. They seem to feel comfortable with the JV in Asia right now. The U.K. guys had a different feeling. You know, either scenario is great with us. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: And then pricing in the U.K. and Im hanging up. 
James G. Kelly:  In terms of the U.K., the pricing is really coming back to interchange increases that have occurred over the last year while it was still on the bank systems. Some of these weve delayed implementing, given the financial crisis last year. Some of it is coming back to what weve -- to neutral. Some of it would represent opportunities to price for services that were not previously charged by the bank. I think you will see more of that after we convert the back-end, which is not slated for a specific date but thats when we have an opportunity to take advantage of the tools that are on our back-end system. 
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Robert W. Baird. 
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: First of all, just to computer organic growth in Q1, I am wondering if you can give us kind of the combined Russia acquired revenues, the Philippines and then I guess one month of U.K. before it anniversaried?
David E. Mangum: I probably won't call it out specifically but I think you have the tools. You know that Russia came in at about a $2.5 million a month run-rate and its just marginally exceeded that for Q1. If you take a look back at disclosure previous, you know that the U.K. has been running about $50 million or so of revenue a quarter and we are not breaking out its revenue anymore specifically. Youll see we report Europe now in total, so I think take a glance back at last years Q1 and our Q4 exit rate and you can get a pretty good feel for that. And really frankly the Philippines is de minimis except within Asia itself, where you can cut the growth in half or a little north of in half, frankly, without the Philippines growth. 
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thats great color. And then secondly, you did a nice job reaccelerating U.S. revenue growth and Im wondering if you can talk a little bit about if that just came from existing ISOs or maybe if there were some new ISOs that helped out or maybe even your direct business got a little better. Maybe you can talk about each of those business lines. 
James G. Kelly:  Well, I think you answered the question. It is a piece of all of them, the ISOs, while we all felt the effects of last year, we felt surprisingly for us a strong rebound in growth from our major large ISOs. I think theyve plowed their way through a difficult market, which is a testament to how strong an organization they are. I think on our direct business, we continue to be pleased with its performance as our gaming business continues to do well, our alliance with Komerica, as well is performing. Weve had some opportunities for repricing in the summer and spring, all that has been factored into the performance that youve seen. 
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: And were there some new ISOs that came out in the quarter too that helped out a little bit?
James G. Kelly:  No, this has really been the group thats been with us for seven, eight years continue to execute well on their plans. 
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Smith with Duncan Williams. 
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams: Can you give us the transaction growth rate in Canada? I dont think I heard that. 
James G. Kelly:  No, Greg, we havent been breaking out the transaction growth rate in Canada but as I think you know, it tends to run about the level of the local currency revenue growth so I think you are looking about low-single-digits, pretty traditional kind of growth there. 
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams: Okay. That makes sense. And then, just Paul, the whole interchange debate, I feel like we go over this every quarter but still want to get your reaction if interchange were regulated in the U.S. and it were to come down quite a bit, how do you think it would impact Global Payments?
Paul R. Garcia : I think you know the answer. It is going to impact us favorably. Even Australia, if you look at what happened there, and there is a lesson for our regulators not to go down that pipe because that didnt have the result I think the Australian officials thought it would. But even the processors there ended up keeping some of that, those that process for smaller merchants.  You know I think the bigger issue here is we have credit card legislation, like the CFPA and that is really geared at consumers and financial institutions and the Obama administration is in the middle of that and theres been a lot of rhetoric. And then on the other side, you have a B2B fight between retailers and the associations on interchange and people are trying to couple them and they are very, very different. I mean, the consumer on the street doesnt care what the interchange level is and I think that you are seeing an awful lot of interest now from regulators, Dodd most recently got a big splash a couple of days ago. That hit the tape and the associations both took a big hit in stock price.  You know, I dont know where this is going to go. I will maintain though that over time, it goes down. I can guarantee you that over time it will go down and when that happens, thats good for us and basically everybody in the space. 
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams: Yes, I agree. And then just lastly, the gaming business, I know its a small piece but can you talk about how that business is progressing, sort of market share in the quarter and then just overall activity levels? It seems like things are pretty down -- are you seeing any signs of hope there?
James G. Kelly:  I think the characterization of down -- I think they are challenged because of the economy but we continue to see wins in the major market, being Vegas, but also smaller markets around the U.S., also in Canada. I think we are doing well. I dont think we break out the specifics in terms of transactions or revenue but it continues to be a growing piece of our business. 
Paul R. Garcia : And sales success is quite solid, Greg. It hasnt all translated to revenue yet for any number of reasons you touched on -- think about the conditions outside but its operating nicely. 
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: A couple of questions -- first of all, the prepaid industry has been growing pretty rapidly. [inaudible] -- you havent talked about it much with regard to Global Payments. I just wondered what you guys are doing in prepaid and where do you think that -- what is your strategy there?
James G. Kelly:  In each of our markets, weve tended to partner with either the leader or an independent, a group of independents and lead it up to the merchant to decide who they wanted to be affiliated with. They may have a pre-existing relationship coming from another processor. We have a in-house solution as well, both open and closed loop and I think from that perspective, we can offer a myriad of options but ultimately its going to be left up to the customer to decide. Now thats predominantly U.S. It will soon be U.S., Canada, with the conversion of G2 at some point in the future, as well as the other markets. So as we pull the markets onto common front-end and back-end, all these tools will be made available to each of those geographies. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: What size -- I mean, how large is that business for you today and how fast is it growing?
James G. Kelly:  You know, we really dont treat it -- when prepaid got started 10 years ago, five years ago and it was hot, a lot of businesses growing up with a lot of funding, the processors, us included, generally sold it as an add-on service. It was a way to -- or is a way to retain customers more than a separate defined business. Now, some look at it differently. There are still businesses that run this exclusively but for us its an add-on product. I wouldnt characterize it as a standalone business. 
Paul R. Garcia : And Bob, just to clarify, youre talking about prepaid non-Visa and MasterCard products -- these are standalone prepaid products, gift cards primarily. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Or prepaid reloadable cash cards?
Paul R. Garcia : Sure, yeah. The same. 
James G. Kelly:  We wouldnt treat that as a separate standalone business that we look at it as a separate P&L. We just look at it as a product thats offered as credit is, debt is, check service is, what ever the need of the merchant at the time. 
Paul R. Garcia : I think parenthetically, you are going to see a lot of activity on Visa, MasterCard prepaid just because of the economics is changing pretty dramatically and if some of the things happen that some of the issuers fear, they are going to be driven into that. Its the only way they are going to be able to justify a big section of the market that has a higher risk profile. If they can't price accordingly, they are going to be forced to just offer that product.  Now, when that happens, its just a transaction for us. I mean, as you know, we just process it. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Okay. A question on Canadian debt -- what is -- is there an opportunity there for you and is it material?
Paul R. Garcia : The answer is yes and yes. It is -- there is an opportunity for us, clearly. We are a big processor in Canada and I do think that over time, and theres nothing were looking at this year. Its a next year event and I think that in time is going to take time as well. I mean, MasterCard has announced they are going to do this. They are going to price it in a similar way as Interac and that means we are going to earn similar fees. Over time I think because this is truly a better offering for the Canadian consumer, I think this is going to be embraced and the merchants arent anxious because what they have now is the lowest cost alternative but it doesnt have the functionality of a more robust Visa/MasterCard product.  So I think over time this thing builds up some momentum. I think its going to be next year and the year beyond and the year beyond that. Clearly this is good for us and we are very much looking forward to it and we will keep you informed. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Last question -- did you give -- I mean, I guess what I was trying to get at is organic revenue growth constant currency for Asia and transaction growth?
David E. Mangum: No, Bob, we did not so really when you look at Asia, theres almost no currency impact to Asia. The currency impact we see is Canada, as you well know, and the U.K. and a little bit of the Euro affecting Central Europe here and there but there is literally almost no -- its rounding barely currency impact in Asia. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: But transaction growth running above revenue growth -- 
David E. Mangum: No, no -- I think you are aware, it really hasnt been running above that level in that market for a while and nor should you expect it to, I dont think. Thats also, as youll remember, one of our more challenged markets in terms of having a few health and beauty merchants, things like that, a different sort of profile. But as a general rule, its healthy and performing as we expect, given margin expansion and very solid revenue growth. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays Capital. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Dave, could we touch a bit on the U.K., the acquisition of the JV again? I know your guidance initially had estimated $0.09 to $0.12 in EPS from that, buying out the remaining of the JV. Now has that changed given the currency exchange? I know you guys said you expected some change but it may have been a little more than initially expected when you gave that guidance. So is that $0.09, $0.12 still actually what you expect from that acquisition?
David E. Mangum: Yeah, its still what we are tracking. I would tell you as we exit the quarter, we are feeling more comfortable about the higher side of that than the lower side where we gave ourselves the room as we started the year. I think as you think about currency and how it affected Q1, its important to realize that we keyed our Q1 or our full year expectations on that Q4 off of where the currency was as we had the call. And so while weve all watched the U.S. dollar weaken fairly materially over the course of May, June, and even July against currencies like the Pound and the Canadian Dollar -- by the time we got to that call and since then, the currency like the Pound has only -- or the dollar against the Pound has only weakened 0.3%. So it really did not change the story over the course of Q1 from what we expected for that quarter or really for the full year -- in other words, most of that weakness was already baked in. There was just marginal weakness beyond what we expected so really not a lot of change to the story, to tell you the truth. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right, and if there is further weakness in the dollar going forward then, is that kind of beyond your initial expectations?
David E. Mangum: No, so there is still further weakening of the dollar we expect at the high-end of our range, which has always accommodated kind of a 1% decline, or actually, excuse me, always accommodated weakening of the dollar that would drive 1% growth in earnings, so our range of 9 to 14 could be 8 to 13 without the weakening weve assumed in the dollar over the rest of the year.  Now, weakening beyond that, yes -- that would be upside. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Okay. What about -- Paul, maybe for you on Brazil -- you touched on this in the past but there is certainly more -- some more excitement coming around that area, given the changes between Rediguard and Visa -- and I know in the past you mentioned it being sort of a long-term opportunity but is there anything kind of maybe thats changed that view over the past couple of months being more near-term?
Paul R. Garcia : No, its -- it is very interesting and youre right, the market is certainly fascinating to watch and as weve talked before, its Brazil, Russia, India and China, so we are kind of RIC, were not in BRIC yet and Brazil clearly is in our radar but we are looking more at a five-year horizon for having any real presence in South America, absent some wonderful opportunity.  And whats down there right now is very expensive and very -- an evolving and quite complicated but also very interesting so I would say stay tuned and we are getting more involved in that market. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: What about -- I mean, I know you touched on JV already, kind of alliance relationships in maybe Asia or Europe, what about in Mexico or the U.S.? I mean, is there anybody left that is on your radar right now?
Paul R. Garcia : Yes, the answer is yes. You know, Mexico is -- we talked about North America and Mexico, of course, is the southern portion of that and it clearly is an area we are focused on and I do think there is some opportunities and we are hopeful to actually get something to happen. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then lastly on money transfer, can you just talk a little bit about the trends, the more recent couple of months?
Paul R. Garcia : Ill let Jim fill in a little more color on that but Ill tell you that the business has kind of stabilized. Its not doing wonderfully. We are concerned that we dont see anything that gives us any indication that business is going to improve and we have been able to maintain some reasonable margins but we can't manufacture people to send money so we are concerned about that business and I think -- and thats part of our -- thats part of our disclosure when we were chatting with you even in our prepared speech. Go ahead. 
James G. Kelly:  As Paul was alluding to, the declines which have run as high as the mid to upper teens, have settled down in probably the lower teen range, which seems to be pretty consistent with where the marketplace is. I think the challenge we are seeing beyond that has been around average ticket, as Paul was saying, the money that was available to send years prior is less because the work is less, the pay is less and therefore theres less to transfer. So it remains a challenge but the team is doing an outstanding job managing through a difficult situation and conserving cash where we can, closing facilities that we dont see a prospect for turning around. These branches are easy to open, they are equally easy to close. They have a very short tail on their leases and the severance costs are nominal so we are doing what we believe to be the best in a difficult season right now. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right, thanks and then actually real quickly, you commented on 20% I think transaction growth in the U.S., right? Can you give us any color on that trend in September?
David E. Mangum: We have -- we are kind of seeing steady state. We are not seeing any improvement but not unlike the money transfer business, although we have happier scenarios, we are actually talking about growth, we are seeing the kind of decline in growth kind of bottom out and we are hopeful that it will turn around, so its not getting worse. Were not seeing any jump up in average ticket but we are not seeing a further decline so its pretty -- were seeing pretty much steady state. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I might have missed this on the front-end here but on that transaction growth number, was there a split between credit and debt perhaps? 
David E. Mangum: No, theres really -- we dont break that out. Ill just tell you the trends continue to be consistent with what we talked about the last couple of quarters, Julio. You do find debit growing a little bit faster than credit, a little more than half of our transactions combined are signature debit and PIN and still PIN debit is substantially below 10% of our total transactions, so still no see change in the mix of transactions overall but we are really not breaking out the overall growth. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thats -- thank you, and then -- 
Paul R. Garcia : Let me just say one thing -- it is assumed that thats largely driven by the ISOs, of course. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Right. Understood. And then just on the margin part, again I apologize if you guys already went through this but the upside in margins, I think if the notes Im looking at are correct, it looks like it came from the U.K., not necessarily from currency changes, especially on the North America side with some of the currency impact that you guys can have with Canadian/U.S. dollar cost basis -- can you just walk through that one more time, if you dont mind?
David E. Mangum: So just to make sure I am answering exactly what you are asking, you are talking about the sequential expansion, right?
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Well, I guess both the street estimate and the M&R estimate, we were all kind of in that mid-60s range or so for the quarter. And the revenues came in more or less in line but obviously there was a lot of upside on the EPS side, so just to triangulate on that, obviously it looks like it came from margins. Im just trying to understand when you guys talked about your margin commentary, it sounded like it was more U.K. than it would have been currency or anything along those lines. 
David E. Mangum: Right, so the sequential improvement in margin is really not currency driven. Yes, there is a little bit of weakening at the end of the day but what really is driving that is business performance. Its progress in the U.S. It is substantial progress in the United Kingdom. It is continued progress in Asia at the margin line, a sequential basis. But I think since you referenced the mid-60s, Julio, I am going to take another crack at that question -- we really are on our plan as we exit Q1. I realize we are ahead of estimates by a nickel or so on Q1 and I think thats because you would have built a model logically off of Q4 as a jumping off point. But we are really looking at when we think about 2009 is the same kind of traditional seasonality in the business you have seen previously, years like 08 and before. 09 seasonality was skewed with the massive strengthening of the dollar over the course of October/November. So we are back now, we think, to watching a year where our first quarter is going to contribute on the order of 27% of the total earnings, where Q3 is going to contribute the least, and then Q2 and Q4 are going to be somewhere in between.  So I think your models or the estimates out there were very logical given the jumping off point but we sort of think we are back to traditional seasonality and we are dead on plan in aggregate as we exit Q1. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then just lastly, any comments on potential price increases on the MasterCard Visa side that you guys might have already been alerted on?
Paul R. Garcia : I dont think theres anything beyond what David has already put in the -- put in the guidance for the year. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Berlin with First Analysis. 
Larry Berlin - First Analysis: A couple of quick questions, first on the G2 conversions, just curious how they are going and are they meeting timetable and have there been any major ones lately, or -- 
Paul R. Garcia : Well, I think in a word, they are doing excellently.  [Multiple Speakers]
Paul R. Garcia : Weve converted seven of the 11 Asia markets on the front-end and we are heading toward a U.S. conversion starting next year and everything is tracking to the plan and we are looking forward to beta next year for the U.S. to get the conversion done some time between the spring and summer and move on to Canada, U.K., and other markets thereafter. 
Larry Berlin - First Analysis: Okay, and then on the [Dull-X] side, has there been any difference in performance if you break down non-North America versus North America this quarter [inaudible] press release? How was Europe versus U.S. and so forth in there?
Paul R. Garcia : Actually the Europe business performed on a comparative basis and against plan and did better than we would have expected. They were helped largely by I guess two factors -- one, we exited a few branches, Belgium and the U.K., the quarter before. They were a distraction to management and they were either neutral to loss linking.  But more importantly, weve been benefited by the weakening dollar. FX has been a big improvement in the businesses off of a commission and currency and currency has worked in our favor -- the more volatile it is, the more difficult -- somebody has to know where the stock should be and thats our sweet spot. 
Larry Berlin - First Analysis: And last one for the moment, in the three new contracts, or the three renewals of your major clients in central Europe, and congratulations, that -- were there serious price breaks that you had to give or did pricing manage to hold its own?
Paul R. Garcia : You know, we generally wouldnt discuss that on the call but you can imagine negotiations are very challenging. 
Larry Berlin - First Analysis: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Wayne Johnson with Raymond James. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: I was hoping you could shed a little bit of light on the ISO contract renewal front. As far as the most significant, you take the top 15 or 20 ISOs, that contributes the bulk of business domestically to Global Payments, could you give us a sense of when those are coming due and what kind of pricing pressure there might be and what kind of strategy Global Payments has to offset that?
Paul R. Garcia : Well, since they are all on the phone listening, it probably wouldnt be a good conversation for us to have but I think David wants to take that. 
David E. Mangum: I think I would point you back to what we have said previously, which really is at the end of the day, weve renewed the major ISOs as a general rule over the last year with multi-year extensions and I think they have been fair renewals for both sides and well keep processing but the key to that is weve renewed the bulk of the major ISOs over the last year or so. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Okay, and so -- and this is going back in time, before you were there, David, so this may not be a fair question to you, but there was when the initial big step down in operating margins started to take hold, despite managements best efforts to warn the street that it was coming, it was a surprise to some and it seemed to me like at that time there was a step down in pricing because of big volume increases from ISOs in between the time the contract began and when it ran out and it was time for renewal. Would you say that going forward in these previous rounds that the pricing renewals, the pricing decreases in the contracts was less severe than its been in the past?
David E. Mangum: I think I would address that in two ways -- one talking about the past and then where we are today. I think a couple of things happened, if you were going back four or five years, three years, where there was a run from the time we spun through 2005 where margins increased sequentially year after year, 50, 100, 150, 200 basis points and during that time period, the ISOs were relatively small part of our business, they were tiny. There were effectively no ISOs here when we spun of any size. By the time we got to 05, 06 and clearly today, their impact on the U.S. business was much more dramatic in terms of size. So I dont think it was much as pricing -- I think they were just a bigger mix and therefore had a bigger impact on the margin.  Now clearly when we go through any renegotiation as we talk in all these calls, these ISOs have done incredibly well in their -- for Global Payments and in their own right. Their businesses have grown, they have gotten bigger and in any renewal, there is a give and take and pricing is clearly one of the levers that gets pulled but I dont think there is a rush to the bottom and there is a point at which it wouldnt be as an attractive business for us if we were just to continue to lower prices indefinitely. So I dont anticipate anything thats going to be draconian in terms of price reductions. I think we will have a good discussion when that time comes but as David said, theres nothing on the near-term horizon. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: And could you talk about what the expected benefits of G2 may be over time as you have seven of 11 from Asia of the front-ends now on the system? Could you talk a little bit about how we should see that impacting the P&L going forward?
David E. Mangum: I dont think so right now. Theres more to come on that as we enter fiscal 11. The geographies that have moved, they have moved very successfully. There are some benefits in the income statement now but as you know, the material benefits begin to accrue when we bring the truly material geographies live, which is not an event happening in this fiscal year so more to come on that. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Great. Thank you. Great quarter, guys. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Dodd with Morgan Keegan. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan : Three questions, if I can -- first you mentioned on your prepared remarks that youve been gaining share in all your major -- two that I would like to ask particularly about are the U.K. -- obviously youve added headcount on the sales front. You also have obviously have got one of your major competitors in that market now essentially controlled by the government. Are you having any discussions with major retailers beyond the 15 you already have? And whats the feedback from them about how they feel about processing with a government owned entity? And how does that affect your market share in that market?
Paul R. Garcia : I think as you would anticipate, there is a lot of anxiety from a large merchant who has a relationship with somebody whose future is uncertain and so I think our sales force, our management team in the U.K. feels very good about approaching or being contacted by large retail opportunities. And I think if they were on the call, they would tell you that the prospects are bright here and that they feel good about their position now part of Global Payments 100%. 
David E. Mangum: I would just add though, Robert, we certainly arent counting out our competitors. I mean, we are number three. We have two guys that are bigger and have bigger market share and they like this business and they are not giving up on it and although they have their challenges, I mean, this isnt a lay-down. So we are all about the hard work, the better products, adding sales people, as you said, giving them more tools and we are adding this. I wouldnt want to create an expectation that I dont think Jim was implying that we are just going to sign anybody we want. I mean, there is still a lot of hard work -- we are in fact -- we do believe though we are gaining market share. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan : And in China, obviously very, very small PC business right now but big opportunity. You talked about your relationship with China [union pay] for local currency transactions there. Whats kind of the feedback, if any so far, from the sales force in that market in terms of actually signing customers for that local currency processing?
Paul R. Garcia : Well, you have to be talking about PRC Mainland -- Peoples Republic -- we are doing China union pay right now for Macau and Hong Kong and have been and have a direct relationship and are authorizing transactions and being part of that process but for PRC, we are in the process of going through the requirements to be fully licensed to operate. We are actually making significant progress. We have not processed the transaction in PRC yet to date. We still have a couple more hurdles to go over but we are enthusiastic and hope to share some news with you in the not-too-distant future about tangible progress in that part of the world. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan : Got it. Thank you. Last one, if I can, go back to the North American margins and just actually the op profit dollar number obviously down, if I can do my math right, $7 million year over year. The bulk of that obviously from translation on Canada. Was there any other incremental investments -- I mean, are you having to staff up and is it affecting the North American margins for G2 to run the Asia-Pacific businesses or investing in any other platform or systems thats having a drag over and above the ISOs effect and the FX effect?
David E. Mangum: Thats a great question. The answer to your question is no -- any of those other effects you are talking about, whether they be investments or just general staff are at the margin at best. G2 operations is not turning into an incremental expense when we bring a small country on, so you really do have largely FX, some investments at the margin and thats really about it. Obviously the ISOs dont contribute to the operating income progress the way the rest of the revenue streams do.  And keep in mind too, Q1 of last year is a fairly different macroeconomic environment from Q1 this year, so whether you are talking about our tech and gaming business or any other ancillary or less prominent is probably a better word businesses that we operate, they see more challenges now at the operating line than they did 12 months ago. So in aggregate, you lay that on top of FX and thats kind of where you end up. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan : Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: We will take our last question from Tien-tsin Huang from J.P. Morgan, after which Mr. Garcia will give his closing statement. 
Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan : I have a few quick questions, if you dont mind, just on the merchant contribution margins sequentially it was quite high relative to our expectations. I heard a lot of different answers to different questions but just in the U.K. and the U.S., I just want to make sure we are modeling this right -- it sounds like it is primarily new pricing and if so, is it sustainable? I just want to make sure we carry that forward properly. 
David E. Mangum: No actually its not new pricing. Theres some modest re-pricing effect in the U.S., not a lot of re-pricing in the U.K. for this quarter. It is nice progress from a volume perspective. It is tight cost controls and nice leverage overall but its really not driven by pricing. As you know, particularly in the U.S. we could only get so much operating income benefit even from decent sized re-pricings, much less marginal re-pricing. 
Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan : Got it. So if we assume, if we just look at the cost side of things, ignoring the revenue, thats a good clean level to consider, all else equal?
Paul R. Garcia : It is because you now have a full quarter of Russia, for example, in as a jumping off point and obviously full quarters of all the other pieces, so yes, this is a reasonable jumping off point, in particular the two categories of expense in the face of the P&L, thats a reasonable -- those are reasonable jumping off points as well. 
Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan : Perfect. Okay, well go with that. Thats helpful. Then the -- just two more, just I guess curious to hear Global Payments' view on this whole security and encryption at the point of sale, First Data is working with RSA, Hartland with Voltage. I think Verifone is positioning as a new revenue source -- is there something here that could be new?
James G. Kelly:  I think its early to say. I think theres a lot of different theories out there. The RSA is a [inaudible] which is not new technology but clearly RSA is a leader in that space. It does represent an exclusive relationship and I think those sometimes have challenges for merchants because the implementation of this is not without effort on behalf of the merchant. Hartland has end-to-end encryption as a strategy. We put in a program here called Global Secure over the last year, which is really based on a combination of encryption if we have to make the data available, redacting it is our preference or not making available to merchants at all for the merchants benefit because this data clearly when it gets out into the open becomes a problem, so well continue to look at whats available from a technology standpoint to improve the offering to our merchants but ultimately let them decide. 
Paul R. Garcia : I would just add to Jims comments that we look at it more as a value-add than as revenue source, quite frankly. 
Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan : Okay. Makes sense -- last one and Ill let you guys go get dinner, pipeline for M&A in North America, has that changed at all?
Paul R. Garcia : I would say no, it hasnt. There are some opportunities we are still very interested in and we think that our sweet spot is probably more the smaller size but theres some [inaudible] hunting opportunity as well, so its still fairly robust. 
David E. Mangum: I think this is our second deal in eight years in the U.S. -- maybe we are starting a trend. 
Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan : Thanks a lot guys, appreciate it. 
Operator:  At this time, we will turn the call over to Mr. Garcia for his closing statement. 
Paul R. Garcia : Thank you and ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your continued interest in Global Payments.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott  Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Garcia  Chief Executive Officer James Kelly  President, Chief Operating Officer David Mangum  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: James Friedman  Susquehanna Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott  Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital Andrew Jeffrey  Suntrust Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse  Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research David Koning - Robert W. Baird Moshe Katri  Cowen and Company Larry Berlin  First Analysis Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams Jason Kupferberg  UBS Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan Jason Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray  
Operator: Welcome to Global Payments fourth quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.  
Jane Elliott: Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2009 fourth quarter and year-end conference call. (Operator Instructions) Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; Jim Kelly, President and COO; and David Mangum, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to normalized results which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance.  For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8K dated today, July 23, 2009 which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, Id like to introduce Paul Garcia. 
Paul Garcia: For our fiscal 2009 full year, we posted strong financial performance with revenue growth of 26% to $1.602 billion and normalized diluted earnings per share growth of 13% to $2.23. On a constant currency basis, our full year revenue and EPS growth are 32% and 24% respectively.  For our Q4, we received revenue of $402 million which represents 17% growth, and EPS results of $0.46 representing a modest decline over last year. Were pleased with our recent acquisitions of United Card Service or UCS in the Russian Federation and the remaining 49% ownership interest in the United Kingdom joint venture with HSBC. Our overall growth strategy remains the same. To grow market share in each of our existing geographies, to expand our global footprint via acquisitions, and to drive improved economies of scale with investments in systems and back-office integration.  The adoption of card-based payments around the world continues to fuel both our industrys overall growth and our organic growth. We believe that our mix of business in mature markets that yield higher margins and early stage long-term growth markets such as China and Russia provide a solid platform for long-term growth. We plan to continue to augment our businesses with targeted investments and acquisitions focusing on Europe, Asia-Pacific and North America. We will, however, continue to be disciplined in our approach, and we will focus on core merchant services businesses or portfolios with solid market share and potential to deliver long-term return to our shareholders.  We also continue to make progress consolidating our technology platforms around the world. We continue to see tangible benefits from these consolidations beginning in our fiscal 2011.  Our merchant transaction growth rates for the quarter across all of our geographies were generally about as we expected, with transaction growth of 16%, primarily generated by our ISO channel, solid single digit transaction growth in the UK, and low single digit growth in Canada. Our market presence, our distribution channels, and our ability to deliver high-quality service and products to our customers and partners all play an important role in delivering strong financial results.  Finally and as we discussed in last quarters conference call, the money transfer business continues to face challenging macroeconomic immigrant labor trends. Despite these difficulties, Im pleased to report that we maintained double digit operating margins in that business. Our goal is to continue to drive solid margin performance in this business in fiscal 2010, but this may be difficult given the ongoing market conditions. Now, heres David Mangum to discuss the financial details. 
David Mangum : I plan to cover the financial impact of the recent acquisitions, segment results, margins, and some balance sheet and cash flow highlights.  In the fourth quarter, UCS performed about as we expected overall and posted revenue a little above our $2.5 million expectation. For fiscal 2010, we continue to expect UCS to be neutral to 2010 normalized earnings per share. Our acquisition of the remaining 49% of our UK business on June 12, 2009, will have no impact on revenue, operating income, or operating margin as the business was already fully consolidated based on our majority ownership and control. However, since we now own 100%, we will no longer record any minority interest expense related to this business.  In addition, due to the transition provisions of FAS-141R business combinations and FAS-160 noncontrolling interest in consolidated financial statements which adopted as of June 1st 2009, we treated the acquisition of the remaining 40% as an equity transaction. That means we did not apply purchase accounting to this transaction. As a result, we will not increase the intangible assets for the UK and will not record any incremental amortization expense for the business. We did, however, take on additional debt resulting in interest expense for this acquisition.  We expect the 49% acquisition to add approximately $0.09 to $0.12 of earnings per share in fiscal 2010. At the risk of stating the obvious, this is not a one-time gain, but rather reflects ongoing accretion from the business.  The US dollar weakened a bit against our key currencies in late May and early June and then strengthened in July. Our full year fiscal 2010 revenue and earnings per share assumes that the US dollar will likely weaken just a bit from current levels over the course of fiscal 2010. This weakening could result in about 1 percentage point of earning growth in fiscal 2010 which is already factored into our EPS range for the full year. We likely will see quarterly fluctuations in growth primarily in Q1 and Q2 as we annualize the major currency movements from last fall, and we will discuss those with you when we report our results for those quarters. Any fluctuations in currency rates of course may cause variances to our outlook.  Our North America segment reported revenue growth of 33% for the quarter driven by our US ISO channel and some modest pricing initiatives offset by the unfavorable impact of the weakened Canadian dollar. As we look ahead, please remember that the majority of last years Canadian pricing initiatives annualized in April, and as a result, we expect revenue growth in Canada to return to traditional mid single digits for fiscal 2010. We saw solid performance from our international merchant this quarter. Growth there was primarily driven by our original 51% acquisition joint venture acquisition in the UK, which added $55 million of revenue in the quarter. Asia-Pacific continues to deliver strong results, and we anticipate fiscal 2010 revenue growth in the mid teens from that region. Operating margins for the fourth quarter and the full year were about what we expected at 16.5% and 10.3% respectively. Consistent with our overall strategy, we expect the combination of flat to modestly declining margin performance in North America in money transfer and expanding margins in international to drive the opportunity for modest expanding operating margins for the total company for the full fiscal year of 2010, as we position ourselves to execute our strategy and drive further margin expansion in subsequent years.  We expect our net interest and other expense line to significantly increase in fiscal 2010 due to the additional interest expense for the new term loan. We expect LIBOR to increase over the course of the year and be about double current levels by the end of the fiscal year. We expect our normalized effective tax rate for the full year in fiscal 2010 to be similar to the 33.2% rate we recorded for the full year of fiscal 2009.  Turning now to balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the quarter, our available cash totaled about $100 million. As we recently reported, we completed a new $300 million unsecured 3-year term loan which has a $230 million US tranche and a $70 million equivalent British pound sterling tranche to better leverage cash flow generated by our UK operations. We used the proceeds to pay off our revolver, thus providing us an additional untapped $350 million line of credit and significant remaining debt capacity.  During the quarter, we spent $15 million on capital expenditures and spent $41 million on capital expenditures for the full year of 2009. For 2010, we anticipate full year capital expenditures to total about $45 million, with approximately half of that from merchant terminals. Canada represents the largest portion of the terminal spending due to industry requirements to replace existing point of sale devices with chip compliant devices. On a final note, for those of you interested in calculating cash earnings, we want to provide you with the data to assist you in doing so should you choose. Many of you currently use the amortization of acquired intangibles from our cash flow statement in calculating cash earnings, but that misses the impact of minority interest accounting. Therefore, to adjust income before taxes in your models for the impact of amortization, you add back about $20 million of amortization expense to 2009 and about $29 million to fiscal 2010. To keep this simple for now, I would suggest just keeping your tax rate the same. Please note though that amortization will fluctuate over the course of the year due to currency translation. Now I will turn the call back over to Paul.  
Paul Garcia: Based on our current outlook, we are providing 2010 annual revenue guidance of $1.690 billion to $1.740 billion or 6-9% growth over fiscal 2009. We are also providing fiscal 10 normalized diluted EPS guidance to $2.43 to $2.54, reflecting 9-14% growth over fiscal 2009. We are pleased to provide this guidance and at the prospect of expanding margins. We expect margin leverage to be driven primarily by our international segment with margin expansion in the US and improved operating leverage in Asia Pacific.  Operator, we will now go to questions.  
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of James Friedman  Susquehanna. 
James Friedman  Susquehanna: In terms of the Canada contribution, I think you mentioned on the call that the pricing benefit that you received in the past annualized in April. Are you seeing any potential for new price increases, and there is a lot of discussion there related to Interac; I was wondering if you could give us an update as to the pricing environment in Canada.
David Mangum: In terms of relating to the financials, there are price increases at the margin assumed over the course of 2010; nothing remotely resembling the scale of what you saw in 2009. Just more of the typical management of the market and management of the operation which we do a pretty nice job of in Canada. In terms of the ongoing change with Interac or anything else we see on the horizon, maybe Ill turn it over to Paul and Jim to comment on that.
Paul Garcia: Ill be happy to comment on the Interac. Interac as you know is the one debit brand in Canada, and Visa and Mastercard recognized that Canadian consumers would benefit from a brand that has more global acceptance, and consequently they are in the throes of entering that market and that would in fact have some opportunity for processors, and youre exactly right. Were not in a position to quantify it at present, but we do think there is some upside opportunity if that in fact is successful.
James Kelly: In terms of the timing, the fourth quarter was the Visa annualization, and Mastercard will be during this first or second quarter of 2010. As Paul alluded to, as the debit networks gain traction and the cards are issued, we will see an interchange where Interac today does not have an interchange. We will see an interchange in the market, and the likelihood is that will provide us some opportunity as well. 
James Friedman  Susquehanna: David, I know you had alluded to the revenue impact related to Canadian dollar. How should we think about the margin impact vis--vis Canada?
David Mangum: Relative to the quarter or the year 2010?
James Friedman  Susquehanna: Fiscal Q4.
David Mangum: Fiscal Q4 really sees one more of the full quarter effect on a year over year basis of the movement in the dollar that we saw starting in Q2. At the end of the day, youve got a business that would have grown in the 20s in local currency reduced down to some of the numbers you see in our release by basically FX and nothing else. Does that help enough?
James Friedman  Susquehanna: That is revealing with regard to the revenue you are describing, but how about the margin? My understanding was that you had fewer costs there than you might have revenue.
David Mangum: Sure. We dont quote the margin by country as you know, but Canada operates essentially for translation purposes on a contribution margin, having a great deal of its expenses for operations and back office support in the US and our Baltimore operation center as well as some of the US headquarter. So while I cant quote you a number, it operates at what I would call a contribution margin, looking a little bit more like a gross margin than anything else, and I think if you shape it that way in your model, youll get a sense for how that rolls through earnings line for the full year and what that really means Schedule 9 in the back of the earnings release.
James Friedman  Susquehanna: Occasionally, youll share some qualitative observations about debit versus credit, Paul. I was wondering if you could share your observations about those two payment card methodologies.
David Mangum: Sure. As reported by those that report these numbers, debit is growing a little bit faster than credit, in fact significantly faster than credit, and I think what we perhaps havent clear in the past is not only do we process a significant amount of debit in the UK and in Canada and in emerging markets, we have over 50% of our transactions that are either signature or PIN-based debit in the US, so as that debit usage does expand, we do benefit from that, and were seeing a pickup in debit more quickly than credit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : Can you give us a revenue contribution expectation from the HSBC joint venture that is now completely owned and UCS? Have we just begun with the $55 million run rate and the $2.5 million quarterly run rate for both companies, or is there anything else that is coming online thats not in those numbers?
James Kelly: In reverse order, for the Russian acquisition for UCS, you should use the $2.5 as your jumping-off point and annualize that. For the UK, rather than talk about $55 as the jumping-off point, what Id point you to is a business that now weve got fully in 2009 and obviously it will be in 2010 heading back toward above market growth for the UK market, but that means probably mid single digit revenue growth above whats a low single digit transaction volume growing market on organic basis.
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott :  In regard to the new term loan facility, I couldnt figure out from the credit agreement what the actual interest rate is on the loan. Is it LIBOR plus a spread, and if so, whats the spread at current pricing to you for that term loan? 
David Mangum:  Sure, and then youre missing fees and things like that as well, Tom. If you look at the first tier, leverage will say something like LIBOR plus 300 or just north of that. Were kind of in that range right now, along with the fees on top which would add a little to it, but thats the general way to get at the interest. Im probably not going to part the interest rates on a quarterly basis, but Im pretty sure you can get it from that color.
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : The negative covenant thats most binding or most restrictive is total debt to EBITDA of 3.25 times? Is that the most restrictive covenant?
David Mangum: Yes. Its probably the one to watch for in terms of capacity, and its certainly not a capacity level we intend to head toward. Less than that would be comfortable for us, but thats probably the one to watch. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : Is there an accordion feature in that term loan? Could you expand that at your option?
David Mangum: No. We cannot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan:   On the transaction growth in the US, it actually picked up a little bit in the quarter. How much of this was due to market share gains or new ISOs coming on versus just a pickup in the underlying macro trends?
James Kelly: I think its probably a combination of the last two. Were not seeing the declines we saw before in the market, as David or Paul on previously calls talked about. The third quarter was probably the bottoming piece, so maybe a small improvement there. The rest of it is just associated with the ISOs growing and our direct business for new signing this year, and our Comerica had a strong year.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: On the international side, the operating profit dollars there were flat sequentially. It looked like the revenues were up quite a bit sequentially, so whats driving the delta there? Was there anything unusual?
James Kelly: Nothing particularly unusual. The thing thats dragging margins a little bit in international is the central Europe business, the indirect business with the major customer renewals we talked about. As a general rule, trends in the UK and Asia kind of held. Asia is a little more challenging given our exposure to T&E there, but there is sort of an underlying a bit and Central Europe given the indirect model there.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: David, can you directionally tell us where Asia Pacific margins exited the year at?
David Mangum: Id probably rather stick with just the international margin. It continues to expand on a full year basis. Q4 over Q3 did not move materially, which may be what youre struggling with when you stare at your model with the preliminary results, but Im not sure Im ready to quote to that level of detail the margins. The trajectory long-term as we go through 2010 is of course upward and upward pretty rapidly.
Paul Garcia: Tien-Tsin, Ive said in the past that Asia in the not too distant past had no margins. So Asia has grown to have a margin that is dilutive of course to the company, but Ive gone on record as saying I believe Asia given enough time will actually have accretive margins.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: The implications of the Bank of America-First Data deal, was that something Global Payments looked at, and how could that change the landscape competitively?
Paul Garcia: Let me take the last part. In terms of changing the landscape, you have a big competitor in BoA, and you have a big competitor in First Data, and they are going to put these two businesses together. It doesnt change the game necessarily. In fact, I think its fair to say that that is a fairly large effort, and I think there are perhaps opportunities for competition while they attempt to put these two together. In terms our taking a look at this transaction or being interested in it, you know that the unique structure of this transaction basically limited the parties to these two parties, so I think thats the best answer.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Has your appetite to do deal changes at all on the M&A front?
Paul Garcia: No. In fact, I think that one of the nice things from a challenging economy sometimes is that interesting opportunities arise, and I think there are some great opportunities for us literally in every market, including North America. So I would encourage you to stay tuned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital:   Could you just talk quickly a bit about HSBCs rationale behind selling to you the remaining JV, and whether there might be any similar opportunities perhaps in the big JV in Asia?
Paul Garcia: I cant speak exactly; I can tell you what they told us. First of all, they are very happy with the deal. You of course know that they actually extended the marketing agreement, so we have a long-term relationship with these guys where theyll refer business through all their UK operations. Although they were happy with that and willing to extend that deal, I think that they probably came to the realization this is well run, they dont need to have a management role, have a JV board, and they always contemplated monetizing their other piece. It was actually in the agreement. They just said lets get on with that more quickly. We were of course delighted to buy 51, even more delighted to buy 100, so I think thats basically it. This is a huge bank, probably arguable the most secure financial institution in the worldI think the only really large bank that didnt take any government assistance. That said and done, every little bit helps towards their Tier 1 issues too, so that could be a small part of it.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: Any potential for following on another maybe in Asia? 
Paul Garcia:  Its a very different operation. Its two different people making those decisions, but sure. The Asian operation contemplated the same opportunity, and we would be interested in doing that as well, but thats all bank driven. As of now, they dont have any interest in exercising that.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: You mentioned the high-level data, the transaction growth trends in UK, Canada, and Asia. Is there any way to get a little more specific color on the numbers behind it, where they were trending through the quarter?
Paul Garcia: Probably not, other than just to tell you maybe in a different way that we saw a declining transaction growth as we headed out of the calendar year 2008 and into early 09. That kind of stabilized around February and March, and quite honestly the trends havent changed materially since then when you look across the board. You know enough about the Canadian Markets. You know its a low single digit transaction market, and were a fair amount of the market relatively speaking, but as a general rule, not a lot of changes really in the last few months.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital: The 16% in the US, how did that trend in the past three months of the quarter?
Paul Garcia: Over the course of the quarter, it was consistent.
Darrin Peller  Barclays Capital:  Following the First Data deal, if it was going to have an impact on pricing from that, we have heard some anecdotes about some of the larger acquirers having been extremely competitive, have you seen that increase at all, or is that status quo?
James Kelly: I think in each of the markets, the mature markets, there is always competitiveness especially at the high end, but I would not say that anything abnormal has occurred recently. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey  Suntrust.
Andrew Jeffrey  Suntrust:   As I look at the guidance for flat year over year consolidated operating margin, particularly in light of whats happening in Eastern Europe right now with no necessary indication for a turning point, can you be a little more granular in terms of how youre going to drive margin in the UK and in Asia? Is it just scaling some of the investments youve made to date? The implication obviously is that youre going to get a pretty big lift internationally from you were in the fourth quarter, so how do you get there and is it ratable through the year or is going to be backend loaded?
Paul Garcia: Im going to let David answer that in one second, Andrew, but the one thing you didnt throw in was Dollex too. Although we did a pretty good job with margins, there are some headwinds. Housing sales are up, but construction starts need to follow suit, and we need some more encouragement from immigrant labor in sending money home, so that could be a headwind too, but with that said and done, go ahead David.
David Mangum: In reverse order, Andrew, it is kind of ratable over the course of the year, so maybe said another way, it ticks up steadily over the course of the year. To put it in a little bit better perspective, if you look at the two broad international markets that you mentioned, Asia is probably the more ratable of the markets in terms of the expansion that we expect to see, largely because thats a scale conversation. Its more volume moving through the system. Its leveraging the backend migrations weve done to date beginning to leverage a little bit at the margin. There are a couple of markets weve moved to the front end G2 authorization system, and then for the UK, its a couple of thingsits rationalizing the expenses in general as we move through the expense base and investment base we migrated over from the bank. Its beginning now to have that salesforce be a little more effective. Its now a salesforce weve doubled, and its been on board a good six months or so, so it ought to be more effective as we head through the year without adding incremental salespeople to the model, and then finally its the introduction of a couple of price increases, actually this is true in both markets by the way, but a couple of price increases in the UK that obviously should they be successful would be 100% margin. As a result, you kind of end up with the UK expansion maybe being a little lumpier than the more ratable Asia margin expansion youll be modeling.
Andrew Jeffrey  Suntrust: Are you assuming a status quo in Russia? I assume those margins are pretty low right now?
David Mangum: Yes. Its effectively earnings neutral, which means the margins are certainly quite low, and we dont assume a radical change. It may exit and it will exit if we execute in a better position, but on a full year basis, its easier to assume it as a breakeven business, the way you probably have it already.
Andrew Jeffrey  Suntrust: Paul, without being specific, at a very high level conceptually, would Global ever consider buying an ISO?
Paul Garcia : I think the short answer is year. There are scenarios. There are ISOs that fit a model that would be attractive, and Ill tell you what is not attractive for us. What is not attractive is for us to buy an ISO and then operate thousands of independent salespeople and then in fact be competing with our ISO base, but ISOs have had different models. There are levels of attractiveness, so yes, the answer is yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse :   What exchange rate are you using for fiscal year 10 guidance with some of the key currencies like the Canadian dollar and the pound?
James Kelly: What weve done Brian is weve kind of looked at the June rates on average in the major geographies and had them weaken just a little bita point or twoover the course of the year. Its kind of interesting when you look at 10 versus 09. With all the jumping around in FX in places like Canada and UK in 09 quarter by quarter, by the time you get out to kind of average rate for 09 and an average rate for 10, they look a lot alike, and they look a lot like the June 09 rate, so were starting with June 09 and kind of trending that to have it weaken a little bit, which mask 5 or 6 sources we look at. Its anybody guess as to where FX really goes. We have absolutely no expertise, but we look at a couple of sources, off of Bloomberg and some of the other guys, and thats the assumption right now thats implicit in the guidance. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : The US dollar to the Canadian dollar closed at $1.09. I guess thats a significantly stronger Canadian dollar than you had modeled?
James Kelly: Im sorry, closed when?
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Today.
James Kelly: Id have to go back and look at June versus that. To tell you the truth, I didnt look it up today, so wherever June was was our assumptions, and then we assumed weakening from there, so I dont know that its significantly different at all. In fact, Id suspect that its pretty much right on what were looking at.
David Mangum: You mean the Canadian dollar at 91 cents against the US dollar?
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Yes.
David Mangum: We missed a big movement. That was a big day on the FX.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : No. I flipped it for you. David, then is there a way to look at FX and probably it will be a positive for earnings this year? It was a drag of $0.23 last year, so what would it be if its positive for earnings in fiscal year 10?
David Mangum: If you look at the two years side by side and say what kind of growth in earnings do you have, first off you have to play with the range a little bit, but if youre looking at where you want to be in our range, say its in the upper quartile of our range or something along those lines, its worth about 1% or thereabouts of earnings growth, which means its worth a couple of cents, and thats our assumption for the moment.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : So, if I took out currency especially on the Canadian dollar, would margins still be able to go up this year or would they be more flat or down?
David Mangum: They still have the opportunity to go up because remember those couple of pennies of earnings is a couple of million dollars, so they still have the opportunity were describing to go up, and then the complexity of it all is that you cant just focus on Canada. What happens in the UK and Central Europe and other places are going to matter as well, and they all dont necessarily move in concert, which makes this occasionally a mind-bending exercise.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : The transaction growth looks like it picked up a little bit, 15-16, but the revenue growth in the US kind of dropped down to 7% from 13%. Is there anything to read in there?
David Mangum: The thing to remember when you look at the US by itself is remember we had a number of ISO fees in the third quarter. That did not recur again in the fourth quarter, so what you actually saw if you look at it sequentially without the ISO fees, enough to pull some $10 odd million or so out of revenue of the US because of the fees from the December-January timeframe, if you looked at that, youd see nice solid sequential growth from an ISO perspective compared to Q3, and that explains also your two deltas in year over year performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:   David, the accounting for the HSBC piece, just to be clear, no intangibles amortization impact, and when were thinking about it, and the only impact through to P&L is going to be the reversal of the minority interest expense, and I think thats what you suggested?
David Mangum: Thats right, Julio. You likely in your 09 model have built in some assumption as to what new minority interest expense came in with the UK acquisition. You can essentially take that out of your formula for Q1 and roll from there, if that makes sense.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: So for fiscal 10, the only piece then that we would have to adjust would be the UK piece. Any sort of ballpark range on what you guys are estimating as left from minority interest perspective?
David Mangum: No, not really. I guess you have the tools to do this because you had to add in a lump of the UK on top of whatever you assumed Asia growth is, and now Asia is going grow again, and thats the only thing left for you to model in 10.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: You did give us the Capex number for fiscal year 2010?
David Mangum: $45 milllion.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Thats all in, right?
David Mangum: Yes.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just go back to the question regarding margins, excluding currency, if we adjust currency, your view is that the underlying operating margin of this business, youre thinking about the US and the other parts of the world, could expand if you take all the currency situation out of the equation?
Paul Garcia: Yes. Let me say this again. My view is that currency doesnt necessarily drive this expansion, and well see where currency turns out. Youre talking about a combination of flat to maybe modest decline in North American margins, flat to declining margins in money transfer, and then expanding margins internationally. At the same time, youre going to keep you corporate expenses flat year over year, and all in, that give us the opportunity for basis point expansion in margin when youre starting to model the high end of our range. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Thats what I was trying to understand. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research:   Paul, I had a question on your UK joint venture. If you look at this transaction and now that you own 100% of it, does this change strategically or structurally for you in Europe or UK or is this just a financial transaction thats beneficial for Global Payments? 
Paul Garcia: There are some things that have changed because we own 100% of this business. We had a noncompete with HSBC that was part of that; we no longer have that, but I wouldnt want you to jump into an assumption that were going to go buy someone else in the UK. We have a pretty big market share of the UK today, and Im very happy with our market position. Other than that, its pretty much the same. It was an attractive opportunity for us and it make sense for the bank, and we executed on it, Kartik. 
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research:  You talked about the North American margins being flat or declining in 2010. Is that just a function of more ISO business and so thats why it stays there, or are there other inputs other than that also in that?
James Kelly: The single biggest driver, Kartik, continues to be the growth the ISO channel and the impact of that on the margin.
Kartik Mehta  Northcoast Research:  The recent credit card legislation and the impact on your business, will there be any impact on the merchant acquiring business because of that, and if so, do you have to change your strategy in anyway to benefit from that? 
Paul Garcia: The short answer is no. We dont see any immediate impact. We are of course staying very close to everything thats happening. Most of is focused on issuing. By definition, its a three-legged stool. The card issuing is a very important process, so anything that really discouraged card issuers would be negative for us, but we dont see anything clearly in the next couple of quarters or even for fiscal 10 that would have any impact. Lets all stay tuned to that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Koning - Robert W. Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird:   Coming back to Kartiks question a little bit about margins flat to down a little in North America, thats a lot less decline, I guess, than last year when it was I think over 200 basis points of margin decline. Is that reduction in margin decline, is that a function of ISOs not growing as quite as fast in 2010 or maybe the direct business starting to grow a little better?
Paul Garcia: We are certainly benefiting from direct business. They had a pretty reasonable sales year in 2009, so the volume will come on 2010. We still are anticipating nice growth from the ISOs and not a change in the trends youve seen. Id suggest to you that weve done a fairly nice job probably of rightsizing and cost base to support those businesses as we head into the year as well, and thats probably the one thing that its not visible to you, but is sort of the missing factor in that equation for you.
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: Secondly, the G2 savings, it sounds like there are comments that fiscal 2011 is going to be where more of a tangible benefit comes from G2. Is that the right way to think about 2010? We cant really see it in the numbers, but maybe in 2011 it will be a little more visible.
Paul Garcia: Thats exactly right.
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: Finally, if we look at the full year free cash flow and adjust out the settlement stuff and the minority interest distribution stuff, it looks like free cash flow is about $3 per share this year compared to I guess $2.20 or whatever it was of EPS, so a pretty big gap. Should we at least think of free cash flow being quite a bit higher, I guess, going forward than earnings? That was really a big year.
David Mangum: Free cash flow was a tough one for us right now, and Id confess to you that the reason we talked about a bit about cash earnings on this call was were getting our arms around that, and we will see where that goes, but I know a lot of guys and you particularly model that in and talk about it. Free cash flow is a little bit further away for us in terms of being able to very crystally define it for you and explain moments, so your numbers by the way because I know your definition are not far off from what you are seeing. I still believe we are a solid free cash flow generator, but the moving parts make that a little difficult for me to explain to you in a really quick sound-bite the way it needs to be, so I probably stay away answering your specific question for just that reason, but youre not on the wrong track if that helps enough Dave. Im sorry. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen and Company.
Moshe Katri  Cowen and Company:  Paul, going over some of the recent trends on the regulatory side, maybe you can give us your view on the recent events taking place related to interchange regulation. Where do you think we are on that part? Has there been any impact on volume growth because of the credit card act that came through about a month to two months ago?  
Paul Garcia:  Moshe, firstly I think your credit act and a lot of the things that were discussed in that were at least in my thinking, and Im not a card issuer, but I think a lot of that stuff was appropriate, and I think at the end of the day, if its consumer friendly, you might actually stimulate some credit usage. In terms of the interchange, Ive always maintained that interchange rates will decline over time. Im still holding to that, and there is nothing legislative that I can point to that would cause that. I think that will be one of the factors, but over time, interchange rates will clearly decline, and I think thats one of the investment thesis that everyone should have for our company and others in our space.  
Moshe Katri  Cowen and Company:  Maybe talk in that context in terms of what happens or the potential impact or benefits to Global Payments from that scenario. 
Paul Garcia:  In the past it has happened, and Master card in particular had a big movement. You saw what happened in Canada with just introductions of a much more complicated multi-tiered interchange level, so when these opportunities happen because of the broad base of medium-sized customers, we are able to mark up a little bit, round a little bit, and at the end of the day, although its a highly competitive market, and you clearly have to be appropriate with your customers, or youll lose them, you can take advantage of that, and a basis point here and basis point there on tens of billions of dollars of volume is significant amount of earnings, so thats exactly what we have seen in the past. I maintain well see it in the future. With that said and done, were not forecasting any of that in for 2010. Im not saying that interchange goes down and we get some benefit of that, nothing like that for 2010. Youre really discussing more of a long-term trend and a prognosis for the future.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Larry Berlin with First Analysis. 
Larry Berlin  First Analysis:  I have been reading too many newspapers and magazines recently, but one of them mentioned that the pricing for ISOs and the way you guys pay them, they didnt mention you in specific but all merchant acquires in general, is changing so theres a bigger upfront fee and less residual. Are you guys seeing that, and if so, how does that affect you? 
Paul Garcia:  Youll have to tell me what magazine you have been reading. 
Larry Berlin  First Analysis:  Transaction World. 
Paul Garcia:  It has not come to my attention. Were not offering that type of structure here. I would be surprised to see that because the number of transactions that an ISO is going to sent to us as a processor is largely out of their control. Its based upon the merchants performance, so it would be hard for us to get a number to prepay, but our pricing structure has been the same for the last 10 years that we have been in this business, and no we dont see a change. 
Larry Berlin  First Analysis:  Im just curious about what you guys are doing to alter/approve or whatever with US direct sales. 
Paul Garcia:  Larry, we havent had a big change in the last quarter or even last year. We have the same relative number of salespeople in North America we had at the beginning the year. Weve beefed up a lot in Asia. We intend to double the effort in Russia, but in the UK, weve also increased that fairly significantly, but pretty much domestically, its been straightforward. Now if you are alluding to opportunities, potentially with the BoA merger with First Data, we do think there are opportunities there, and we think that our salesforce is focused on that, and that may offer an ability to augment those forces somewhat, so well let you know.  
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Greg Smith with Duncan-Williams.
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: David, the $20 million in amortization you gave to kind of calculate cash EPS, that was $20 for fiscal 2009, $29 million for fiscal 2010. Thats an after tax number, correct?
David Mangum: No. Thats the number youd add back to pretax income or I think what we call income before taxes on the face of P&L. Thats the formal name for it.
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: Okay, so we should add that essentially to pretax and then tax that whole number. 
David Mangum: Right. Thats for simplicity sake Greg. 
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: That does not include stock comp expense, does it?
David Mangum: No. We have not pulled it up. This is a very simple definition of just the exclusion of acquisition-related intangibles.
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: Most of your competitors also exclude the stock comp expense.
David Mangum: Well, at the end of day, I want to give you the simplest number possible since were not talking about guiding to cash earnings or something. I didnt want to give you a complex definition, and when I read the bulk of the notes and talk to the bulk of the folks on the buy side who are interested in this kind of metric, its really all about acquisition-related intangibles. Well keep looking at this and we want to make sure that it is really useful and helping describe our underlying performance, and to the extent it is, well talk about it a bit, but it is just amortization.
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: Do you have any rough ballpark estimates for share-based compensation expense?
David Mangum:  Off the top of my head, I do not. I can easily get that to you when we chat either later tonight or tomorrow.
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: There is essentially no reason youre expecting that to change dramatically from the trends that we have been seeing?
David Mangum: No. Quite the opposite. Its a great question.
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: Paul, just any update on China and the ability to acquire in local currencies?
Paul Garcia:  Its a great question Greg. We have passed a number of regulatory hurdles. There are other things we need to do. Were in the process of meeting with a lot of Chinese institutions. CUP has been supportive to date, and were hoping to bring that to conclusion in the not too distant future, so just a very exciting opportunity for us in PRC. 
Greg Smith  Duncan-Williams: We dont seem to see this in your numbers nor your guidance, but anything unusual going on with loss rates, fraud at merchants in this environment, or on the check business side?
Paul Garcia:  No. Were pleased to report no, no, and no to that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg  UBS: Regarding just the overall small business environment, obviously US transaction growth has really held in nicely here, but have you guys taken any kind of close look at measuring the impact of the increased bankruptcies across small businesses in the US, any way to describe that for us?
Paul Garcia: We measure same-store sales to a degree, and we also look at how many merchants leave us, and then we try to measure why they leave us, and going out of business is clearly a reason. Now that typically impacts our ISOs a little more because they a smaller merchant base than we. Our mid-sized merchants, weve seen some tick up in that area, but nothing extraordinary. I think the proof of the pudding here is that we are able to produce these results and have this growth in this environment and live with all those realities, so I dont know if thats helpful. No one asked yet, but we will volunteer. June looks the same as May. Were not seeing any worsening, we not seeing a double dip. If anything, we have some optimism. 
Jason Kupferberg  UBS:  That is helpful. Obviously, its early here, but since you guys talked about the fact that the platform consolidation should really start to drive some margin improvement in fiscal 11, anyway you can point us towards thinking about order of magnitude there? 
Paul Garcia:  I would say large. 
David Mangum:  I would say more specifically, I guess stay tuned, but were probably unlikely to put ourselves in a position of reconciling that for you dollar for dollar on a quarterly basis, but stay tuned. We owe you more information. 
Paul Garcia:  But clearly, not to be flippant, weve talked about this for a long time, so everyone is saying where is the beef here. Youre going to get the beef in fiscal 11. It is going to be meaningful. We kind of guided just generally what meaningful is and, as David said, we will give some more data when we can. 
Jason Kupferberg  UBS:  Just any further thoughts on the strategic value of the money transfer business. I know youre going to try and keep margins hanging in there, but macroenvironment is what it is, and maybe theyll slip a little bit in fiscal 10, so once the overall environment picks up, does it make sense for you guys to consider trying to monetize the asset?
Paul Garcia: Its a great question. We have some wonderful people who run this business, and theyre doing a great job at a difficult time, but the business is not core, and I think everyone knows that, but I wouldnt expect us to selling this asset anytime soon. In fact, we have a commitment to the management to give them the assets to run this thing, and we have expectations. Well continue to do the best job in a challenging environment.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Dodd with Morgan, Keegan.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: I know you dont normally give much color about trends during a quarter, and you just gave a little bit a moment ago, but I dont know if youve seen the Amex results. They highlighted that June was the best month of their quarter. Is there any additional color you can give us on trends that youve seen, not just obviously in the US but the UK as well and may be even in Canada?
David Mangum: I think there probably isnt much more additional color. If you think back to some of the questions weve answered though, really in almost all the markets we serve, whether its Canada, the UK, across the Asian markets, and the US, the trends in June are not wildly different from May, and the trends have been fairly consistent really since the end of the first calendar quarter of the year. They havent gotten better by the way, but havent gotten materially worse anywhere either.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan:  Onto the UK business, obviously, now you own it. You got complete control so you can decide exactly how you want to go about growing that. Whats your view, and you have discussed this a little bit in the past about expanding into Europe and where would you stand from a salesforce/platform position to be able to do that? 
Paul Garcia:  There are two ways to expand into Europe. The first way is to follow your trans-European merchants, and were very focused on that, and the second is to do strategic deals on the continent, and were focused on that as well.
James G. Kelly:  Part of the expansion to Europe was supposed to be now in place until they rationalized the debit scheme throughout the major countries. Bricks and mortar customers are more challenging, but one of the reasons beyond of the fact that we think this is a terrific business that we made the investment in UK and just doubled down on it is it gives us the management team similar to Canada, gives us a management team in the region to be able to expand across Europe, so its our expectation that we will be making investments in those markets. We will follow our customers into those markets. SEPA will help and opportunities to buy will be things that were gong to pay close attention to.  
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan:  Looking at the margin compression last year in North America, the vast majority of that looked to be coming from just the Canadian dollar exchange rate. Is that the biggest reason this year if youre factoring essentially flattish exchange rate over the course of the year, we should be looking for basically flat margins?  
Paul Garcia:  Well, it helps you at the margin, but its really not a material contributor to holding flat or the upturn a little bit for basis point expansion. It comes down to some of the items we talked about earlier, really sold progress in the US, also some nice direct sales, solid cost management, and continued nice operating performance from Canada, but youre correct in thinking that the FX makes that a bit of odd conversation. It can help you a little bit depending on where rates go, maybe it keeps you to flat or holds you back a little bit depending on if you go the other direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray.
Jason Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray:   You guys spoke about with Visa and Mastercard making a push into debit in Canada, you talked about the opportunities there. Do you see those as more of a potential pricing benefit or volume benefits?
Paul Garcia: I think its a pricing benefit primarily. Its a huge debit market today. Its probably the largestmaybe Iceland has just taken over the number one spot, but Canada is a huge debit market. It clearly was an early adopter, and its very penetrated. I think that this would be someone using a different brand for other reasons, and therell be some pricing opportunities.
James Kelly: At the point of sale, we generally control all credit and debit. Ten years ago, they had split market between Visa and Mastercard acquirers. Thats long since gone, so if there is a different card type that becomes available in the market or different structure under Visa or Mastercard, it would be likely that we would just take that additional volume and then it would be priced appropriately.  
Paul Garcia: I believe its in the consumers interest, and thats why this could be an interesting argument to watch. The consumer clearly is benefited by allowing those brands into Canada, because today theyre disadvantaged. Interac brand does not have universal acceptability the way Visa and Mastercard brands do, and a Canadian citizen if thats their only choice, they are at a disadvantage so interesting stuff.
Jason Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Paul Garcia:  Thank you so much for joining us on the call today, and we appreciate your support of Global Payments.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-04-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliott  Vice President, Investor Relations Paul Garcia  Chief Executive Officer James Kelly  President, Chief Operating Officer David Mangum  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest Moshe Katri  Cowen and Co.  Analyst for Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse  Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott  Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan Roger Smith  Fox-Pitt, Kelton David Koning - Robert W. Baird Franco Turrinelli  William Blair  
Operator: Welcome to Global Payments third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Jane Elliott. Ms. Elliott, please go ahead Maam. 
Jane Elliott:  Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2009 third quarter conference call. Our call today is scheduled for one hour. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO; James Kelly, President and COO and David Mangum, EVP and CFO.  Before we begin Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10K.   We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call and in addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to normalized results which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance.   For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8K dated today, April 2, 2009 which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com.  Id like to now introduce Paul Garcia. 
Paul Garcia: Thank you Jane. Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. For our fiscal 2009 third quarter we achieved revenue of $393 million which represents 26% growth and normalized earnings per share of $0.45 representing 2% growth over last year. These results include the impact of unfavorable foreign currency trends and continuing macro economic headwinds both of which we detailed during our conference call last quarter. David will take you through the FX impact for the quarter but I am happy to report that on a constant currency basis our revenue and EPS growth are 38% and 25% respectively.  Our North American segment reported strong growth primarily driven by pricing initiatives in Canada partially offset by a weakening Canadian dollar. Transactions in Canada grew 2% for the quarter while U.S. transactions grew 15%. Our ISO channel continues to be the primary factor behind our transaction growth and our expanding market share in the United States. Parenthetically we are seeing a high single digit average ticket decline in the U.S.  We saw solid performance from our international segment this quarter. Growth there was primarily driven by our joint venture with HSBC in the United Kingdom which added $50 million of revenue in the quarter. We also advanced our integration initiatives in Asia. I am very pleased to note we are now processing two Asian markets on G2, which as you may recall is our front end authorization system. In addition, we have converted four markets which are now successfully processing on our Back End settlement platform as well. Finally, our money transfer business continues to face difficult macro economic and immigrant labor trends.  As a result, and as David will explain in detail, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $148 million. However, we have a strong management team in place that continues to execute well and is maximizing our earnings as evidenced by double digit operating margins and a significant increase in operating income produced in this very challenging environment.  Now here is David to discuss the financial details. David? 
David Mangum :  Thanks Paul. I plan to cover the money transfer impairment charge, constant currency analysis, margins and some balance sheet and cash flow highlights.  First, our discussion of normalized results today has excluded the impact of a $148 million non-cash impairment charge related to our money transfer business. We identified this charge as part of our FAS 142 goodwill testing. The charge reflects the declining outlook for money transfer business related to macro economic conditions affecting the construction industry in particular. The significant majority of this charge consisted of goodwill and there will therefore be no meaningful change to amortization or depreciation expense on a go-forward basis. We have no tax basis from the original money transfer stock purchase acquisitions and as a result we recorded minimal tax benefit from this charge and the resulting unfavorable impact is $1.79 per share.  Next, as we did last quarter we included a constant currency schedule in the press release labeled Schedule 9 to help you understand the full impact, favorable and unfavorable, of currency on the growth of the business. To calculate this we converted our fiscal 2009 actuals and outlook at fiscal 2008 exchange rates. Foreign currency translation, largely driven by the weakened Canadian dollar, negatively affected our revenue and EPS by $35 million and $0.10 respectively for the third quarter, about as we anticipated.  Our expectation for the remainder of fiscal 2009 assumes that forecasted exchange rates will stay within a relatively narrow range around todays levels in our material geographies for the rest of the fiscal year. Fluctuations in currency rates of course may cause variances to our outlook.  Operating margins for the quarter were about what we expected at 16.8%. The ISOs implemented new pricing strategies this quarter as they do from time to time which increased our revenue growth by a few percentage points with no corresponding increase to earnings. For fiscal 2009 we continue to expect normalized operating margins to be similar to those we reported in fiscal 2008.  Turning now to our balance sheet and cash flow during the quarter we spent $8 million on capital expenditures mostly relating to infrastructure technology and merchant terminals. We now anticipate our full year capital expenditures to total approximately $35-40 million, down a bit from our previous expectation.  At the end of the quarter our available cash totaled about $140 million and our ability to generate cash remains solid. We have an untapped $350 million line of credit and significant overall debt capacity to support our long-term growth objectives.  Now I will turn the call back over to Paul. 
Paul Garcia:  Thank you David. We are maintaining our 2009 annual revenue guidance of $1.550 billion to $1.580 billion or 22-24% growth over fiscal 2008. In addition, our constant currency expectations for revenue growth of 29-31% remains unchanged from last quarter. We are also reaffirming fiscal 2009 normalized diluted earnings per share guidance to $2.14 to $2.21 reflecting 8% to 12% growth over fiscal 2008. On a constant currency basis our annual diluted earnings per share growth of 21% to 25% remains similarly unchanged.  In closing, we are very well positioned to execute our long-term growth strategy of further expansion in Europe, Asia Pacific and North America.  Operator, we will now be happy to go to questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest. 
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: Paul, I was hoping you might be able to give a little bit more on U.S. and U.K. transaction growth. I know your U.S. transaction growth was 15%, pretty impressive, but I was wanting to get a feel forI know you dont do this but kind of same store transactions or what the market is really doing right now. 
Paul Garcia:  Firstly, we are seeing some pretty strong transaction growth in the United States primarily driven by our ISOs. Although they are off from what they have done in the past, this economy is impacting them as well, off for them is still solid double digit growth resulting in this 15% figure. In terms of same store we are clearly seeing some reductions. We are seeing average ticket reductions. We are seeing slowing growth overall and it is obviously when you are enjoying 15% it kind of masks it. The reality is this economy is impacting us in the United States pretty profoundly.  Now in terms of the U.K. that is kind of a mixed message too. We are doing very well there. I think part of it is that we are taking share. There was some low hanging fruit we took advantage of. We added some sales resources and our management team there is just doing a fabulous job. I couldnt be happier with them. Our largest competitor is really having its hands full with a lot of issues and consequently we have indeed been taking share. So that business has also been growing very nicely but there too the economy is impacting us. I dont have as much same store stuff from the U.K. but what I have seen would support it is slowing down on that kind of measurement as well. 
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: In fiscal 2009 you have really benefited from the Canadian pricing. Obviously you benefited from the U.K. acquisition. As you look to the next 12 months what opportunities are there such as those that could really benefit Global? 
Paul Garcia :  We have this inherent growth in all of our markets which is obviously helpful. Canada does have a grow-over with the impact of what they enjoyed this year but there is still upside for Canada. We have expense reduction opportunities as we go forward, less so in G2 but for next year we are starting to get some of that back as well.  I would also say that the opportunity for growth in Asia is incredible. Now I think it is not going to be a huge driver next year but truly for the long-term we find ourselves in a very unique position in China in that we are authorized to acquire RMB. We have some more work to do but we will have a unique proposition in a very exciting part of the world.  So, I look at kind of the long-term opportunities for next year and beyond and I am very encouraged. 
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: A last question Jim, on the money transfer business could you talk about the trends you saw in the quarter? First, for U.S. and Mexico and then maybe Europe. Did they stay the same through the quarter? Did they get worse or better? Kind of maybe what you are seeing so far. 
James Kelly:  I would say that the news for the corridor continues to be as it has been in the last six months or so. I dont think we have seen any increase in the slow down. I think it is probably a steady state of still a market tied heavily to construction and construction as we all know is under severe pressure so this channel for us will continue to fight its way through as Paul commented. I think the management team is doing an outstanding job in a really tough economy. 
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: What about the pricing environment? Is that still about the same or has it gotten more or less aggressive? 
James Kelly : I would say that is not an area we have seen as much aggressive behavior as we have seen in the past so I dont think you could ever say it is stabilized but we are not seeing the type of decreases we saw in the past. It has been relatively stable for us for several quarters. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Moshe Katri  Cowen and Co. 
Moshe Katri  Cowen and Co. : Paul can you comment on transaction growth by credit and debit card just to give us kind of a feel on where that is going? Then can you quantify the pricing benefit you had during the quarter? Maybe you can also share your views over MasterCards interim settlement that was announced yesterday with EC regulators. Specifically how it can or will impact Globals business in Europe? 
Paul Garcia:  That is a bunch. Im going to take the last one first and ask David and Jim to fill in a little bit. In terms of what MasterCard announced yesterday we got that on April 1 and we have been reviewing that document and having conversations with MasterCard. I have to tell you quite frankly we still have some questions. We are unsure as to the impact. You read the same thing I did. It is calling for a lot of transparency. There are interim agreements. They are discussing continuing to have discussions about this agreement that is very much an interim agreement. I think the short answer to it is that we dont know enough yet to really comment other than I will tell you that transparency isnt necessarily a bad thing. We are pretty transparent as well.  It is calling for December 2010 mandatory requirements. That is a long way off and I think a lot can happen between now and then. I would say stay tuned to that. I think David is going to do the debit and credit card part. 
David Mangum:  Im going to stick to a pretty high level on this one because I really dont want to get into parsing the various markets by the splits. As a general rule and Ill say debit as a general rule is growing a little bit faster than some of our other transactions but overall I think the way to think about our model or the basic results is we dont see a big mix shift happening right now. Ill try to leave it at that for now.  In terms of parsing and pricing very directly, we are really not going to parse and pull apart the pieces of the pricing. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Analyst for Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities. 
Analyst for Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: I was wondering, in the past you have helped quantify how much of your top line growth came from the ISO channel. I was wondering if you could give us an update on that for this quarter and how it compared to last quarter. 
Paul Garcia:  I dont think we have quantified exactly how much growth has come from the ISOs either top or bottom other than it has been a significant driver of growth. The ISOs have been growing pretty much across the board at a double digit rate even in this difficult market. We really havent given a ton more color than that. We have told you in the past it is a significant driver and a significant portion of our U.S. domestic portfolio. Other than that we havent really provided a bunch more color. 
Analyst for Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: We have been hearing from some bank owned acquirers they have been having some difficulty in signing new business due to troubles at their corporate parents and merchants unwillingness to go with somebody who may have some solvency issues. Does this dynamic lift your sales efforts at all? If it did can you sort of give a direction of magnitude? A lot? A little? 
Paul Garcia:  I would say, and I know this sounds ridiculous, I would hope it didnt have much of an impact because I think that if I imagine who you are talking about that script hasnt been written and that is not kind of how we compete. Our ISOs have been pretty up front too. We have not tried to capitalize on anyone elses misfortunes. I think even though we all compete aggressively we want all of us to prosper and kind of do well at the end of the day because that makes for a healthier organization.  I will tell you though there are some merchants that are concerned about some of our competitors and that may have driven in some business. That is not something we have harped on. It is not something our ISOs have harped on. It is not something I really follow. That is two for two. Im not being very helpful here. 
Analyst for Jason Kupferberg  UBS Securities: Turning to the regulatory front, a little bit higher level than the last question, there is a lot of regulation being talked about here in the states. I just want to get your view on how could that impact the card industry at the end of the day? I know you have some strong views there. Im just wondering if you could opine for a little bit? 
Paul Garcia:  Ill try. That is what it is; an opinion. I think that interchange does go down over time. It is kind of fluctuating all over the place right now. I think some of the questions Moshe asked about the MasterCard settlement in Europe some of it has something to do with transparency. There might even be some requirements about that. I think that at the end of the day interchange comes down and that is a good thing for all of the processors because our fee is a very small part of the overall amount.  I dont want interchange to come down so much that the card issuers arent encouraged to issue cards because this is a three legged stool. We all need to work together. I think there is room. I hope that happens and I think that will be good news for all of us including Visa and MasterCard quite frankly. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Can you just give us a little bit of color in the operating margins? I think they were a little bit lower than what we were looking for. Im just looking for maybe some of the puts and takes on the margin profile as we think about it. I also just wanted to get clarification. It sounded like the fiscal 2009 target for margins is more or less flat versus fiscal 2008 at this point? 
David Mangum:  Thats right. The full year margin for the total company we are thinking will be about flat with last year. If you wanted to break apart the pieces for Q3 just a little bit you can see North Americas margin was down a little bit, 9 points refers to currency and the impact that we have had from Canada there. I also mentioned in the call a little bit earlier the ISO fees we saw come through this quarter. If you skip then down to international you see a little bit of margin expansion which was in line with what we expected. You can see the money transfer business stabilizing around 10%. Again, pretty much what we expected to see for the quarter. So all in, from our perspective not a lot of surprises. Yes it is down from the previous quarter. You are seeing the full quarter impact of FX across all of our geographies. Remember you only saw a partial impact of that in Q2. That sort of takes you into Q4 as we kind of look toward a full-year flat margin on a truly annual basis. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: That Canada thing last quarter can you just walk us through that one last time just to make sure we have the correct puts and takes in terms of the expense base versus the revenue recognition? 
David Mangum:  I would be happy to. If I understand your question correctly it is about the relative contribution of Canada. You are familiar with the pricing annualizes in April starting almost a year ago. In our Canadian operation we have made what I think I hate to say as the new guy was the right strategic and operational choice to centralize a fair amount of our cost base here in the United States. So we lack what you might think of natural hedges in the Canadian geography. We by and large have them in our other geographies. Again, for the right business reasons we have a fair portion of the Canadian expense base here in the United States. That means when we take a revenue number from Canada and translate the revenue as well as the earnings or income contribution from Canada into U.S. dollars we take a proportionally larger hit on the income line than you would expect or you would see in any other geography. Again, it is what I view as the right operational reasons. Our contribution margin in Canada, not our real marginnot our effective margin totally loaded, is higher than you would expect. It is quite significant. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Paul, more on the strategic picture. Lots of consolidation going on in the space it is looking like here. What is your view in terms of if you had to choose today U.S. versus international? Are you still more focused on the international marketplace or are you seeing some things domestically here that could be attractive to you? 
Paul Garcia:  I think we are very focused on international but you are exactly right. There are some opportunities that come along only occasionally in the U.S. The U.S. outside of our ISO business is probably where we have our smallest footprint. We would like to build out a more direct model in the United States and if there is some opportunity to do so that makes sense to us we are going to pursue them. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Lastly on that point any interest at all in doing more financial outsourcing or core processing? Or do you want to keep this more focused on the core payment stuff? 
Paul Garcia:  I think it is payment stuff is what we are focused on. Absolutely and positively. This is a great industry. It doesnt scream out for diversification so we are very focused on payments. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: A follow-up I guess to Julios question, with processing I guess the implication on Fifth Third for Global? Was that an asset you considered acquiring? What are the implications of that deal and is that pipeline still there to do larger acquisitions in the U.S? 
Paul Garcia:  Are there opportunities for us to do other deals? Clearly. Is Fifth Third a nice asset that we would have liked to have done? I really cant comment on that. I will tell you they are a tough competitor and they have a good portfolio. I wish them the best of luck. It is the first time we have really seen recently a PE firm jumping in like this. You saw they hired Pam Patsley too. We wish them the best of luck and we will be out there competing with them. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: The Harland payments breach how is this playing out in the marketplace? Does it change your approach to security and I guess the G2 platform conversion? 
Paul Garcia:  Before we say something about Harland let me go back and just give you a tiny bit more color on Fifth Third. I was speaking to their merchant portfolio. What those guys purchased was some stuff that quite frankly we are not involved in; EFT networks, ATM networks and that would not be something we would be focused on and that would be something we would not be interested in acquiring. I dont know if that is helpful.  Repeat your second question, Im sorry. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I was just asking about the Harland payments breach and has this changed at all your thinking about security and the G2 platform conversion and what sort of ripple effect in the marketplace as well? 
Paul Garcia:  Clearly I think everybody in the industry, every Visa and MasterCard executive, every acquirer, a lot of big merchants and a lot of consumers. This has had a significant impact on all of us. If something good comes out of all of this it will be because we will more closely examine everything we do to make sure we protect this data. We spend a huge amount of time and energy. We have people who are dedicated to this. We pay outside resources to professional hackers to try to attack us constantly and pay them real money to do so. We have thousands of attempts on us every day and I feel that we have looked at this very closely. We look at it all the time. We look at it even more closely now. I think in terms of that impact it may turn out to be positive for the industry in that we are all doubling our efforts. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Is it impacting your sales efforts at all? 
Paul Garcia:  I think from the ISO perspective I think that Harland is struggling. They have been a very difficult competitor and I think there is probably some pick up. That was answered earlier. They are not being targeted by anybody we are associated with but that just has to happen. You could say the same thing about our largest competitor in the U.K. They are struggling with some issues and we are not doing anything to target them yet we are going tosomeone has to sign those merchants and we do compete. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Just a couple of quick housekeeping if you dont mind. Your guidance implies a little bit of a sequential step down in revenue and we typically see an increase in the fourth quarter. Is there anything that is unique that is driving that implied fourth quarter guidance? 
David Mangum:  Nothing unique beyond what I mentioned a little earlier in the call which was the ISO fees we saw come through in the third quarter which were worth a few points of revenue growth. So you kind of have to set those out a little bit before you go back and you model Q4 and then it just becomes a question of what does FX do or not do. Then how tough are the conditions really in North America and particularly in our international operations. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Just two more then. The tax rate for the year? Is it possible to get the U.K. revenues in the quarter? 
David Mangum:  Sure. Tax rate for the year is the same as we thought it would be last quarter; approach 33% for the full year. You just saw us post 32.1%. This is the effective tax rate of course. You should see a similar rate probably in Q4. Again approaching 33% for the full year. The U.K. generated $50 million in revenue in the third quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : David can you help me with the ISO fees, exactly what those were? I wasnt aware that happened this quarter. 
David Mangum :  From time to time they will work on their price strategies and adjust them. We saw a somewhat bigger adjustment than we might have foreseen come through this third quarter. You wont see it repeat itself in the fourth quarter. It happened to be a little more sizeable. It happens all the time. This time a little more sizeable and worth calling out to you guys. If you think about Tien-Tsins question a moment ago how do you model Q4 on a sequential basis? 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : It is not a one-time fee though is it? Wouldnt that fee carry through to the fourth quarter so there is still a step down sequentially in revenue between third and fourth? 
David Mangum:  Actually in this case these fees did come through, they will repeat themselves by the way but they wont come through monthly. So you do start with a lower base in Q4. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Then the profit, the margin in the business I think you made a comment ends up being the actual operating income ends up being the same? So that is part of the reason why the North American margins were under pressure? 
David Mangum:  That is correct.
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse :  The minority interest dropped a little bit more than I thought in the quarter. It went to $8 million and I think it was up $11.3 million last quarter. I was just surprised that it fell. Can you help us with that? 
David Mangum:  Yes, I think you see a little bit of seasonality there and a little bit lower performance in our domestic joint venture with Comerica and a little bit lower performance in Asia Pacific. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Going forward should that tick back up or is that relatively the right number? 
David Mangum:  I think you will see it tick down a little bit in Q4. Again, as Paul mentioned and I mentioned a little bit of the macro conditions are tougher abroad even than they are in America right now. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Finally, Paul you mentioned there is still upside in Canada. I know the major price increase starts to anniversary this quarter. Can you just talk about what you meant by that upside that will continue in Canada? 
Paul Garcia:  I did say we have growth and we do. But it doesnt go away. We still continue to get the benefit of that and the guy who is running our business, Jordan [Cohen] has been very focused on adding new customers and is doing pretty well. There are a couple of other opportunities to present themselves from time to time too which are competitive in nature so I am still bullish on Canada. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Im going to sneak in one more. The Russian acquisition of UCS, I didnt hear about that. Is that still on plan and on schedule to close any day? 
Paul Garcia:  Yes. Let me update everyone on where we are with that deal. We are currently in discussions with the seller as we speak about the terms and conditions of that agreement. I really dont have much to add right now because we are having active dialogue. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: The SG&A for this quarter was a lot higher than I thought. Did it have something to do with the ISO pricing? $180 million up from $164 million last quarter and that was a driver to certainly a piece of the lower operating margin. Is there anything you can point out there? 
Paul Garcia:  You put your finger on it. It is largely a factor of that ISO pricing strategy. To your point and maybe this will bring it home even a little bit more obviously that one probably ticks down a little bit through Q4. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Can you put a dollar number on kind of the non-recurring ISO revenue and expense? 
Paul Garcia:  I point you back to the same number from earlier. It is a few points of revenue for the quarter. I dont want to be much more specific than that. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: On the money transfer business, why take the impairment now? In your discussion Jim on the money transfer business it made it sound like it is a tough business but generally steady trends. Is it just a realization you are not going to get the returns you thought you were when you acquired it? Why this quarter? 
David Mangum:  Maybe I will give you a bit of the financial and let Jim speak to the trends. We do our annual goodwill test each January 1. That is a formal reassessment of the outlook for the business. As we take a hard look at a business that is being managed very well and maximizing profit the question becomes when growth out for the future, the near-term especially. At that point as we build those projections it is tough to see it turning the other direction right now. Despite some pretty good management it is a construction industry. It is the macro environment. I will let Jim add some color. 
James Kelly:  I think my comment was more to how it is handled the more recent economy in terms of this evaluation. Looking out several years and the outlook several years out this year versus last year has changed because of the events that have occurred in the last six months and so I dont think it is a choice of ours now versus next quarter. The annual impairment test was done and this was the outcome from that review. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: On the minority interest and this is a $0.02 per share item which is why I bring it up. You show the tax provision; there was provision for taxes of like an 18% rate this quarter. There was no provision last quarter. With no provision and $0.02 per share is there some level of tax that we should assume within that minority interest? It jumps around a lot. 
David Mangum:  It does jump around a little bit. I cant track exactly the numbers you quoted. I would say you bounced a couple of places geographically on the income statement. Here is the real answer. We had a few true ups in that minority interest tax rate this quarter that wont recur. So I dont think your model is challenged. My guess is the true ups caused a disconnect with what you expected to see and you are right to see that disconnect. As we head into next quarter you should see it settle back down to the tracking you have seen the last couple of quarters. So maybe the mid six figures and things like that rather than the big bounce up you saw this quarter. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: On the debit/credit mix, you kind of talked about pin debit as opposed to mixing in signature debit. What percentage of your business is true credit I guess and then signature debit and pin debit? 
Paul Garcia:  I can say pin debit we have given some color on that in the past. It is not very big. We are not a huge pin debit guy. We dont have a lot of petroleum and all that. In terms of signature we dont break that out. In other words we look at it as a credit card transaction whether it is debited directly from your account or it is something that you pay when you get an invoice. The pin debit is less than 10% and then the rest of it is credit and I can just tell you we are very close to what Visa and MasterCard are reporting on how many cards they have out there because we actually did look at it. You can tell by bin range. We just dont really track it all the time. We are pretty close the last time we looked to where Visa and MasterCard is on their issuing on signature versus just a regular credit. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Are you seeing a decline on the credit side versus, not including pin debit, or do you just not look at it that way? 
Paul Garcia:  I think I see where you are driving now. That is an excellent question. In other words the revolvers versus the transaction. The transactors arent as impacted as much as revolvers who have other issues. I dont have anything quantifiable but I would tell you intuitively you have to be correct. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: You talk about a unique position in China. I was hoping you could maybe give me some feel for that. Are you starting to see I think China is a pretty minor business for you right now? Is that not correct? 
Paul Garcia:  China is. We have a big presence in Hong Kong and Macau but that is a meaningful amount of revenue in Asia right now but it speaks to the opportunity. We have very little in mainland. We have a lot of offices and a lot of activity. What I was referring to was the local currency, the RMB, do be an acquirer of those transactions there is not a ton of those to acquire at present. But we have a relationship where we have been offered and approved the opportunity to acquire in local currency and to work with CUP, China Union Pay. We have some work to do to get that implemented and there are some other governmental approvals necessary but we are very focused on that. I believe we will have a unique proposition and be one of the only, if not the only western company that can offer these services throughout China. I think over time as this country offers more and more of these vehicles to its consumers we will be in a perfect position to help enjoy that growth. So I am very excited about that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : I have one question that is specific to the domestic ISO business. I am just curious who absorbs the cost increases, the per transaction fee increases when Visa and MasterCard come out with pricing changes for acquirers they recently imposed. Is that per transaction fee absorbed by both payments or is it absorbed by your ISOs? 
David Mangum:  In any re-pricing from the card network associations those would be passed on to the merchants unless the ISO is entrusted in absorbing them. I dont know one associated with us that would be so it gets passed on to the merchants as we would in our domestic base or really in any market that we do business. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : So the contract between the merchant and the acquirer, or the ISO or Global is really technically the acquirer allows you to pass off non-interchange related pricing increases? 
David Mangum:  You were talking about interchange
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : That per transaction one-half of one cent and went to two cents? 
Paul Garcia :  With NABU in particular, absolutely. There is no limit our ability to pass through expenses. We charge the ISO per transaction fee and we pass through all others. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : Their contract with the merchant is they can do that without having to renegotiate with the merchant the price? 
David Mangum:  The contract is between Global, the member and the merchants. The ISO has an agreement with Global but ultimately these are contracts with Global so those contracts provide as Paul just described the ability to pass those fees directly through. 
Paul Garcia:  Typically it is interchange fees and assessments so yes it is all covered. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan. 
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Almost a follow-up to that and then two others; in the U.S. you have 15% transaction growth this quarter. You said high single digits average ticket compression. Should we be looking for next quarter revenue growth in the mid single digit range or are you going to be able to pass through enough of the NABU price increase to drive that maybe into the high single digit range or maybe even low double digits, assuming transaction growth stays where it is? 
David Mangum:  We dont really parse the revenue expectations by market and growth. I guess I could tell you it is easier to think about sequentially for purposes of the call tonight if you reset the base a little bit for the ISO pricing strategy we have now talked about a couple of times and then allow for some modest sequential growth across the board in North America you will get a sense of where the pieces are going. Id rather not speak to parsing out the geographies with next quarters growth expectation. 
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Asia, obviously a slow down from the prior quarter. Could you try and give us some color on how much of that was currency versus economic activity? Hotel space in Hong Kong actively down and that is a pretty big key business isnt it? 
Paul Garcia :  I think most of it is economic activity. RMB is pretty flat. We have lots of other currencies however but they dont fluctuate the way the Pound or Euro or the Canadian dollar does typically. They do bounce but not to the extent. I think it is economic activity is the majority of it. We clearly are not immune at the end of the day and I think the story about Asia is not so much some of our hotel traffic is down a little bit because we hope that bounces back and I think it will. It is really a bigger story of what are we going to do at the end of the day in China and in India. That is the huge opportunities. 
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Can you talk a little bit about Eastern Europe? Obviously the various questions about whether Hungary is going to still be around or if it is going to do an Iceland. I havent heard the same kind of scare about the Czech Republic but how is [moves] or whatever we are calling it this year doing and how are their customers doing at this point? 
Paul Garcia:  We are calling it GPE, Global Payments Europe, and the Czech got a little bit of press recently when the Czech Prime Minister said that our stimulus plan was the road to hell. They are struggling and some of those economies are much more fragile and have less ability to rebound. We hope we dont see any Icelands. I am not going to make any predictions there. I will tell you that Global Payments Europe as of right now is doing okay but it has its challenges though too. It is an indirect business and because of that it is very difficult to grow that significantly because you have to sign these [Mamna] Banks and get them to convert so it is almost like a card issuance type of deal. It is a big deal to get or to lose customers and there also are a handful of guys that have more control and pricing renegotiations half and that has a bigger impact on you too.  Just like China a little bit that is not about we have a 50% market share in the Czech Republic which is nice. Our aspirations are to expand dramatically beyond those regions to morph this to a direct acquiring model and that is why we were pointing at Russia at one point. 150 million people, the largest economy in that whole region and one that is not without its risks clearly and challenges but one that we are also focused on. So I would say stay tuned. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Roger Smith  Fox-Pitt, Kelton. 
Roger Smith  Fox-Pitt, Kelton: I just want to go back to that Visa and MasterCard pricing increase to the acquirers. Is that a real transparent increase to the merchants or can you end up getting some pricing benefit yourself there? 
James Kelly:  I think that is up to either Global in the case of our pricing strategy, our competitors or our ISOs. It generally will be a discrete line on most merchants statements. Historically you would not have seen the half penny that was charged on I would say most of the people in the industry. Some competitors go to most discrete line. Most did not. I think in this case given its magnitude you are going to see it as separate. In some cases some people may mark it up. Some people may just pass it through indirectly. 
Paul Garcia:  I think Jim would agree it is basically big merchants clearly transparent. It is a straight pass through. Smaller merchants it is going to be bundled and most of the ISOs will take the opportunity to mark it up a little bit. Not dramatically but in small amounts. 
Roger Smith  Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Like you said it is a much more dramatic increase than maybe we have seen in the past. Is this something that will fuel the anger in the merchants about the whole discount fee and interchange fees or do you think there is not going to be much of a reaction from the merchants from this pricing initiative? 
Paul Garcia:  You have to look at the size of the merchant. In terms of small merchants in the MasterCard case it is going from a half a cent to 1.95 cents and for a small guy that is kind of lost in the wash. I dont think it is a massive amount. For a big merchant that can exceed what they are paying for processing. So big merchants have some volume breaks too because of their size and the associations I think correctly so have addressed it through some different guidelines applied to those that produce huge amounts of volume that have significant market position. Will it cause kind of disruption? I think it has been fairly well accepted. I dont think anyone likes to see pricing increases but clearly Visa and MasterCard need to fund their operations. It is not an interchange. It goes directly to both associations both in Visa and MasterCards case. I for one understand why they did it. I dont think we will see a lot of disruption at the end of the day because of it. 
David Mangum:  I would also add that for both the card associations these fees go back anywhere from 5-10 years but the rate has not changed. So another way to look at it is there has not been an increase in a long period of time for this type of charge. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Koning - Robert W. Baird. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: If we look at the North American merchant margin they were about 21% this quarter and it looks like if we exclude that ISO pass through revenue this quarter maybe closer to 22% margins. I know it was down quite a bit just due mostly to the Canadian currency. Im wondering if we do have currency just hold here now and we dont get big price benefits out of Canada going forward is that 22% or so is that a good go-forward margin or might there be a little bit of downward pressure on that just because ISOs tend to grow a little faster than the rest of the business? 
Paul Garcia:  Speaking only to Q4 I think that is an appropriate way to think about the fourth quarter until the next go-forward quarter. We are obviously not going beyond that in tonights call as you know. I do think you put your finger on it and yes as you think about Q4 and how the pieces come together in Q4. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: The one other question on the North American merchants, on the EBIT line it was down a little year-over-year and again I know that is currency related. Was that all in Canada or was any of that decline in the U.S.? 
David Mangum:  Im sorry, yes. The vast majority of that is Canadian and Canadian FX. I would tell you as we probably discussed last quarter the other product line in the United States in some of our check and gaming type businesses face the same challenging macro environment so you probably see the income generated by those being down a little bit as well. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: But the core U.S. merchant business was still up year-over-year in terms of EBIT? 
David Mangum:  If you pull the pieces apart again the biggest thing to think about is Canada and the FX and sort of what I call the other product lines. 
Operator:  The final question comes from the line of Franco Turrinelli  William Blair. 
Franco Turrinelli  William Blair : Both depreciation and amortization expenses seem to decline significantly sequentially but that is not related to a write off. Is there anything to look at there? 
David Mangum:  Probably just some of the translation of some of the balance sheet accounts from international. Then I think a little bit of a drop in depreciation. Im not aware of any big items there. No business items. 
Operator:  At this time we will turn the call over to Mr. Garcia for his closing statement. 
Paul Garcia:  Thank you all of you for joining us on our call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Global Payments. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay starting today at 8 p.m. ET and ending at 8 p.m. ET on April 17, 2009. (Operator Instructions) This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-01-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jane Elliott  VP IR Paul Garcia CEO James Kelly  President & COO David Mangum  EVP & CFO
Analysts:  Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott  David Koning - Robert W. Baird Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Franco Turrinelli  William Blair  Tim Willi  Avondale Partners  Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Wayne Johnson  Raymond James  Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse  Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey 
Operator: Welcome to the Global Payments second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host today, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott.
Jane Elliott: Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2009 second quarter conference call. Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman and CEO, James Kelly, President and COO, and David Mangum, EVP and CFO. Before we begin Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K.  We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements and as such, any forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made today may refer to normalized results which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance.  For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K filed today, January 6, 2009 which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now Id like to introduce Paul Garcia.
Paul Garcia: Thanks Jane, and thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. Even with macroeconomic headwinds we achieved strong financial results for our fiscal 2009 second quarter, with revenue of $401 million, which represents 30% growth and normalized earnings per share of $0.60 representing 25% growth over last year.  Our North America segment reported strong growth primarily driven by successful pricing initiatives in Canada offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange impact. We are pleased with our international merchant segment. Growth there was primarily driven by our joint venture with HSBC in the United Kingdom which added $55 million of revenue in the quarter. In addition we continued to achieve solid revenue growth from sales initiatives in our Asia Pacific region. These results include the initial impact of unfavorable foreign currency trends which will effect our full year. David will take you through the details of the FX impact a little later. But Im happy to report that on a constant currency basis our revenues and EPS growth would have been 37% and 39% respectively. For the quarter I am also pleased to report transaction growth of 16% in the United States. While the underlying fundamentals of our business remain strong, we are not immune to broader economic trends. However we are quite fortunate to have a number of favorable factors helping to offset these trends as our industry continues to see a secular shift from paper to card-based payments in the US and in other parts of the world and we will continue to benefit from that shift.  Our international segment continues to track with our expectations. We have a formula for going into each market and applying our knowhow across all functions of the business to produce optimal results in each respective market. You have seen the success of this formula applied to our Asia Pacific business, where revenues grew 30% for the quarter and we are seeing improved performance in our UK business as well.  Next consistent with our long-term strategy of expanding internationally in both existing and new regions, we continue to actively pursue acquisitions in markets with growth opportunities. We focus on potential transactions with meaningful market share which will position us to benefit from card-based secular trends, including increased acceptance and penetration as well importantly, as the evolution of network fees. We believe we are in an excellent position to benefit from payment trends around the world particularly in markets such as China, India, and Russia. While these are small markets to us today, we are laying the foundation for solid businesses which will draw long-term growth.  As a case in point, we are increasing our investment in Russia which the UCS acquisition which we expect to close during the first half of calendar 2009. While we all know that there is geopolitical uncertainty in Russia today, I feel confident that the investment were making in UCS and the market share were gaining will provide a first-mover advantage in an exciting and dynamic region of the world.  Now before I turn it over to David to discuss segment and financial details, let me tell you just how delighted I am to have David as part of the Global Payments team.  Im sure many of you know him from his past life at CheckFree. In summary we have a strong balance sheet and the right management team in place to help us expand our global merchant business. 
David Mangum : Thanks Paul and let me just say Im happy to be here and look forward to working with all of you on the call today.  I plan to cover constant currency, selected business performance, margins, and balance sheet and cash flow highlights. First given the unprecedented change in the FX markets we added a constant currency schedule to the press release labeled Schedule 9, to help you understand the full impact, favorable and unfavorable, of currency on the growth of the business.  To calculate this we converted our fiscal 2009 actuals and outlook at fiscal 2008 exchange rates. Using this approach our reported revenue and earnings growth of 30% and 25% for Q2 would have been 37% and 39% respectively. The weakened Canadian dollar drove the majority of the unfavorable impact in the current quarter as we anticipate it will for the full year. As we look ahead to the rest of fiscal 2009 we have reviewed forecasted exchange rates from a number of sources most of which suggest roughly flat rates from todays levels and our material geographies of Canada, the UK, and Central Europe for the rest of the fiscal year. As a result and as you have seen in our press release we have revised our full year revenue guidance to reflect the significant impact of negative FX trends and to a lesser extent, the difficult economic environment.  Our reported EPS guidance will likewise be effected by the negative FX trends. The reduced revenue outlook is partially offset by reduced expenses in some geographies and generally reduced costs overall.  On a constant currency basis, we expect our earnings growth outlook to be 21% to 25% for 2009, essentially unchanged from our previous outlook. Also please note that currency rates may continue to fluctuate and any major variance to that outlook may cause our reported earnings to vary as well. Next, on a quarterly basis, I plan to highlight the performance of certain business lines we think are important for you to understand. North American merchant services segment revenue grew 12% for the second quarter with our ISO channel continuing to drive most of the growth.  Domestic direct credit and debit card transactions grew 16% during the quarter and we had total revenue growth of 9% in the United States. In Canada, credit and debit transactions grew 6% and revenue grew 20% for the quarter.  Money transfer segment revenue grew 2% with total transactions declining 13% and locations declining about 9%. Turning now to margins, our normalized operating margin increased 160 basis points to 20.6% in the second quarter due primarily to the negative impact of currency exchange rates.  We expect our operating margin to be lower in the second half of the year when compared to the second quarter and we expect full year reported margins to be about flat when compared to prior year. During the quarter we spent $9.7 million on capital expenditures, mostly related to infrastructure technology and merchant terminals. Our full year expectation remains unchanged at about $45 million as we expect increased merchant terminal spending in the second half of the year.  At the end of the quarter our available cash totaled about $120 million. Our ability to generate cash flow remains solid and when combined with our untapped $350 million line of credit and our overall debt capacity we have a solid platform to support our long-term growth objectives.  And now Ill turn the call back over to Paul.
Paul Garcia : Thanks David, based on these current trends we are updating our GAAP-based 2009 annual revenue guidance to $1.550 billion to $1.580 billion or 22% to 24% growth over fiscal 2008. We are also modifying fiscal 2009 annual normalized diluted earnings per share guidance to $2.14 to $2.21 reflecting 8% to 12% growth over our fiscal 2008. On a constant currency basis our annual diluted earnings per share growth of 21% to 25% remains within our previous quarters expectation of constant currency growth range of 22% to 26%.  Finally while the current business environment is challenging our market position remains strong and we are taking share in each of the markets we serve.  We will now go to questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : Just a quick question on the currency, could you help us allocate the $23 million adverse impact this quarter on revenue from currency between Canada and some of the other regions in your business. 
David Mangum : I think that were not going to get into real specifics on the country by country basis but as you likely know the majority of that number is Canada and then the other geographies, the UK, the other parts of Europe really comprise in equal parts almost the minority of the amounts but the majority, significant majority is Canada. Thats probably about as detailed as were going to get on that for the moment. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : And then implicit in your guidance, I just want to make sure I heard you correctly is that youre assuming based on, you arent currency experts just kind of pulling data from other sources, that your guidance is assuming the US dollar stays at the same level relative to Canada for the rest of the year? Is that implicit in how we should read your guidance?
David Mangum : Yes, so I would suggest you think about it in this way, our outlook is indeed based on the recent FX trends but it does accommodate some further strengthening of the US dollar by maybe as much as 5% to 8% against all of our key currencies.  Now youd have to know which one is moving in which direction obviously but thats how we sort of thought about the forecast. Were not really assuming much weakening but our outlook also accommodates a little bit of modest weakening at the margin as well. And you just saw a little bit of that happen in Canada over the last couple of days. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott : On the US business can you give us a little color on what youre seeing in average ticket prices?
Paul Garcia : We saw and Ill be happy to share a little bit during the December which of course is our third quarter, although we havent closed the books on December, we have some volumes and some transaction counts, and we did see a lowering of the average ticket amount in December. Now its important to remember that particularly for our ISOs 1005 of our fees are derived on a per transaction basis so were fairly agnostic. It does impact us on the direct side where we charge a percentage of the transaction but we have that bet pretty well hedged. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Koning - Robert W. Baird
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: First of all in the US I think I remember a few quarters ago was when you anniversaried a large ISO and growth has been decelerating a little bit since then, largely macroeconomic I would imagine, Im wondering should we expect further deceleration in that US merchant line or maybe how should we think about that and the economic situation right now. 
Paul Garcia : I think theres a couple of pieces to that question, firstly youre correct, your memory serves you correctly, we did have a significant ISO and the ISO is anniversarying and so that is an issue. Number two, the ISOs did experience some of these macroeconomic headwinds that all of our are experiencing and their growth per se has slowed. So you have both of those factors. Now on the other side, slow growth for the ISO is still strong double-digit organic growth. So please keep that in mind. 
James Kelly : And if you remember as well the ISOs target market are smaller merchants to the extent the economy is challenged and we have some of our ISO is focused very heavily in restaurant so those markets would see either a greater attrition or just slower year-over-year sales. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: In Canada it looks like on a constant currency basis revenue growth actually it looks like it accelerated pretty nicely in Q2, and Im wondering was there an incremental pricing benefit there this quarter? Was there anything else going on just to cause that acceleration?
Paul Garcia : No I think this is common in the first year after weve had a pricing change from the networks or associations. The rate at which the card spend occurs on the various type of cards, high rewards cards versus low rewards cards, are going to have an impact and so as you go into the holiday season if people are spending more on premium cards, theres a greater cost associated with making sure we process that transaction at the right interchange and therefore the cost can go up and therefore you could see an acceleration because of the season even though it might have been a weaker Christmas season and our holiday season then in the past. We still would have seen the benefit of the pricing strategy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  The transaction growth and revenue growth in the United States, 16% and 9%, can you remind me what that was last quarter for the transaction growth, sequentially?
David Mangum : You saw 20% transaction growth and 12% revenue growth. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: By any chance can you give me what that was in the month of December?
David Mangum : No were not going to quote the transaction amounts for the month. 
Paul Garcia : We havent even closed the books yet.. We do have some transaction and volume data. As I said we did see some softening vis-a-vie previous December, but we still had double-digit growth in our market so still looking pretty good. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: I was a little bit confused when you gave your guidance, the currency that youre using in your guidance, Im sorry, I was a bit confused. It sounded like you were using, expecting some strengthening of the dollar in some markets and some weakening in other markets.
David Mangum : I apologize if I confused you. Our basic forecast calls for the rates to be about flat with where they are today with kind of the exit rates. But our range accommodates further strengthening of the dollar at the margin. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: You said last quarter that you were going to give us revenue for the UK for the next year, the HSBC UK acquisition. 
David Mangum : I dont know what we said last quarter. I can tell you revenue was $55 million for this quarter which I think is the number youre after right now. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: And the tax rate was, this quarter looked a little bit lower, is that tax rate a good run rate?
David Mangum : No, that tax rate is a little light for the rest of the year. In fact I think your full year rate ought to approach 33%, so youre going to see the rate above 33% probably Q3 or Q4 as we, based on our current outlook netting to something just below 33% for the full year. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Just on Russia, on that acquisition I know its not a huge acquisition, about $120 million and could you give any feel for whats going on in that market. Obviously the world has changed quite a bit since you announced that deal in early September with oil prices and politically in some regards, so understand youre still excited about it for the long-term and you had said initially that that was going to be immediately accretive. Do you still look at that as being an accretive deal, has there been any significant material change in the trends within that acquisition?
Paul Garcia : There were some changes. They are experiencing some of the same challenges we all are. There is a [mac] clause in anything we do so we have the right which we are not, they have not tripped that. There hasnt been anything material per se. We still believe this thing is near-term accretive, very excited about our management team there. And its not without risks.  You know, and Russia is a challenging part of the world but I do think its well worth that risk and I think youre quick to point out its $120 million bet. Its a big bet for us. Its not a bet the company bet, but its a big bet for us but I will go on record as telling you that Im very pleased with this deal and I am confident that the advantages well get from being a first-mover in Russia far outweigh the risk. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: And thats close you said by June of this year? Is it still that?
David Mangum : Yes we think, we think outside. We gave our self a comfortable range here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Franco Turrinelli  William Blair  
Franco Turrinelli  William Blair :  Going back quickly to that tax rate, I mean this was lower then certainly we had modeled, is there something to do here with the currency impacts, or is this just some better tax planning that you have been able to do. 
David Mangum : I think my team would like to take credit for being better tax planning. In general theres no big abnormal item happening to drive that lower then you might have expected. It is reasonable tax planning and the business mix. 
Franco Turrinelli  William Blair : Although and again, this isnt really a question for you since you werent here at the time but I dont think a 33% tax rate was imbedded in the prior forecast or guidance, was it?
Paul Garcia : I think thats a fair point. We have done a little better job managing the tax issues so thats a fair point. 
Franco Turrinelli  William Blair : Coming back to the US performance, is it possible to kind of get a sense from you, that was a sequential slowdown in revenue, is that do you think entirely macro factors or is it also just some anniversarying of some new contracts or ramp up of prior additions.
James Kelly : I would say at this stage its largely macro. The ISO that was referred to in one of the previous questions, that actually was here in 2006, I think it anniversaried in 2007, theyve been here for a few years now. So I think what were looking at is really just larger ISO business so to some extent that thats going to slow over time, just a law of large numbers, and this as we all know is a much more challenging economy then we saw at the start of this fiscal year and the numbers are reflecting it. 
Franco Turrinelli  William Blair : But having said that, it sounds like your December commentary was that the, things havent gotten any worse certainly. 
James Kelly : I dont think weve seen a greater decline. I think that, I dont think we want to say the word stable but as you know that we had a good December and were feeling January is just getting started but were still feeling good about core business in each of the regions.
Franco Turrinelli  William Blair : And lastly, I am actually going to ask you to do the impossible here because when you gave the guidance back in October there was some forecasted impact of currencies because wed already started to see some changes I think particularly in the Canadian dollar at the time. What Im really trying to get to with this is if you to the best of your ability kind of back out the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, operationally and fundamentally, whats happened to your guidance? Has it essentially stayed unchanged, have you actually improved it, or are there some pockets of weakness that we should be aware of.
Paul Garcia : I dont think its impossible, I think it gets to the heart of it. If in fact we did have a constant currency we would be talking to you about a guidance that was clearly within the range but it wouldnt be in the top of the range. We would be comfortably within what we guided you to but we would be feeling these macroeconomic headwinds and that does have some impact on the results.  So that is, so said another way, we would be talking about a guidance that, we wouldnt be changing the guidance but wed probably be guiding you towards more the mid point of that as opposed to comfortably feeling we were going to hit or exceed it.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Willi  Avondale Partners  
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners :  On money transfer, has anybody asked you to talk a bit about Mexico versus Europe pricing volumes etc.? Obviously Mexico continues to be an erratic market I guess if you look at the macro stats that come from Bank of Mexico, so just any kind of feel you can give about not only what you saw at the macro level, but I know youve also been working with your footprint and shutting down unprofitable stores and driving the profitability of the business up, so just any thoughts on those two topics.
James Kelly : Well I think you summarized it. We are trying to weather a bumpy market for homebuilding in particular which is construction is the principal service that was provided by the people that support or use the [Dolex] service. I would say the US market has continued to see weakening. I havent seen sequentially in the last 45 days or so, I think pricing for us has remained relatively stable and we havent been reducing price. Weve tried to introduce pricing programs to deal with a smaller average ticket. Historically the average ticket stayed really constant the last several years, many years, and recently weve seen some softness in that area.  But I dont think theres much more color then well run for earnings for now and see how the business improves on a macro basis coming this next calendar year. In Europe, Europe was late relative to [Dolex] to seeing the weakening to the market that they clearly have as well. I think the positive on Europe though is we have seen a greater stabilization, faster in pricing and even some modest improvement on transactions recently. But Europe is feeling the same pressure for the same reasons. And just feeling it later then [Dolex] did. 
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners : Over the last year or so you have been pretty assertive or aggressive about pruning the branch network to really focus on profitability of the locations, given that the sequential drop here appears just to be a handful of locations, should we for the purposes of modeling and thinking about profit margins, assume that youve pretty much run through that review of the franchise and feel like youve basically shut down what you needed to shut down in terms of locations that werent meeting hurdle rates.
James Kelly : I think it would be hard for me to say that there isnt opportunity for further closures if theyre warranted. I think weve taken care of what was in front of us but this is a transient population. They move and have markets based on opportunities. You remember with oil reaching very high prices over the summer, not that long ago we were seeing $5.00, Texas was booming in construction and oil and therefore that was a very hot market. We still have some locations within Arizona which is one of our toughest markets because of immigration [reform] focus there and some of those branches continue to do very well.  So some of this were still working through but I would say that right now were comfortable with where the base is but were going to continue to look to reduce costs whether its payroll or non-payroll all the way through this process. 
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners : On FX, when you gave guidance last quarter, and I think you articulated about $0.07 a share through the balance of the three quarters, since that timeframe the Canadian dollar looks to come in maybe around call it 10% to 15%, but the magnitude of the revision and you talk a lot about currency being a reason for that and in simplistic terms saying Canada is a significant majority of it. I guess Im having a hard time wrapping my head around a 10% revision in earnings given that the Canadian dollar seemed to only come in about $0.10 to $0.15 and as a percentage of all the revenue its not like its half of the revenue of the company. Am I missing something in accounting or is this a hugely profitable operation thats probably just more profitable then any of us realize where that 10% move could cause such a major change in your outlook because of the Canadian dollar.
David Mangum : I dont think that youre missing anything necessarily but I would point out a couple of things to you. That movement in the Canadian dollar is close to 20% then 10% which is really important first fact to think about when youre trying to play with your model and look at the impact. The second is from my way of thinking at least just an initial pass of the company, weve made the right strategic decision to try and consolidate expenses on a platform, and that means we have a bunch of Canadian dollar expenses that are actually occurring in the US in US dollars. That means from a translation perspective it looks like Canada is more profitable then it is and it has a bigger impact then you looking at it from the outside would ever think. And again I think its for the right operational reasons but at the end of the day it is bigger and that would be the one thing youre missing, you really cant see from the outside looking in.
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners : So weve got a revenue contribution from Canada that we can all see but the bookkeeping profit contribution from Canada obviously appears to be notably larger then the revenue contribution. 
Paul Garcia : I think to support that too, just look at the adjustment in the top line guidance versus the bottom line guidance and you can see the difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan 
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  The transaction growth on the US at 16% was actually a bit higher then what we expected. I was hoping to get a bit more color on the key drivers behind it. Thinking about new merchant adds, ISO wins, merchant attrition, of course same store growth, getting a lot of questions about that. Can you give some color behind those drivers and whether or not youve seen any change in trend there?
James Kelly : I would say that in the US its largely organic growth and organic for us is not just same store sales which many merchants are flat or down and some are down pretty substantially but its by segment. This is our direct sales efforts, our efforts in the gaming business. Weve had a lot of success adding a new business in gaming even though its a small segment and then the ISOs, while the ISOs are not growing as a group at the rate that they have historically, they still had a very strong impact on business and I think that helps propel pretty impressive numbers for this situation.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: So you really havent seen any slowdown in new merchant adds, obviously its come in a little bit but it sounds like the pace of new merchant adds and merchant attrition perhaps is not coming in as much as
James Kelly : Yes, I think its less to do with the impact of adds and attrition, clearly they have been impacted, but I think it has to just do with ISOs continuing to do well and our merchants on a comp basis whether its average ticket coming down, or just not doing as well year-over-year were still gaining market share and were getting market share through signing up locations. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Then on the Asia Pac, nice sequential revenue uptick there, anything unusual and also can you give us an update on the margins within Asia Pac, how is that tracking.
Paul Garcia : We had a couple of things that we did in Asia that will continue to carry through. Weve done some pricing adjustments. We are adding new business, dynamic currency conversion, has driven in some new business for us at very nice margins as well. But we did see a little slowing in December in Asia that quite frankly surprised us, more so then we actually saw in some other markets like Canada.  And even more then we saw in the US. Hong Kong in particular which is a pretty big market, a pretty big piece of that Asian business now, was hit pretty hard and were digging into exactly why that is but overall margins are improving significantly in Asia. We promised you that last year and were following through on it.  And volume growth has been pretty good. We also got a little plus from the Philippines as well. We suspect that, and we have more digging to do, we suspect that part of the issue in Hong Kong is just generally wrapped up in travel and entertainment because thats a big piece of that business for us. We have most of the hotels and a lot of the tourist destinations and those are just off. 
David Mangum : We did in deed have the Philippines acquisition close, while thats not particularly a big number, it is a brand new number so it helps a little bit at the margin.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: So as we recast our expectations for Asia Pac, should we still assume sequential growth from here or is there something different that we should consider given the jump off in the end of the quarter.
Paul Garcia : Its a little too early to tell. We truly, its pretty small, it isnt going to have an impact. We baked in a little caution into our guidance with whats going on in Asia. Well have some more color on that shortly. As you well know its all about the Chinese New Year too which is approaching so the holiday period per se is a little funky there anyway. So theres still, its still too early to answer that question appropriately.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: You suggested a stronger appetite to do acquisitions including large deals in the US, is this still the case and how does the acquisition pipeline look now.
Paul Garcia : We do have an appetite. I think we have an envious balance sheet. We have access to some pretty cheap money. We have some great relationships with our bankers and I think there are some deals out there and I think these deals will get a little better even over time.  So to that we have a pretty full list of candidates and we are actively looking in the United States, in Europe and in Asia. In terms of size, we are interested in potentially some things that are a little bigger then what weve done. There are of course some tuck-in opportunities but there are some larger opportunities and those take more time, theyre more complicated. But were working them hard. I think in every environment there is an opportunity and in challenging times I think there are opportunities to expand through acquisition and we are very anxious to make some of those happen. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: I appreciate the currency outlook in that Schedule 9, should we expect to get that going forward?
David Mangum : I think you ought to expect help from us on currency to the extent that you really needed to deal with the business and thats certainly the trend right now.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wayne Johnson  Raymond James  
Wayne Johnson  Raymond James :  I was hoping to get an update on the G2 and data center consolidation, can you remind us where we are right now in that process and again what is the timeline for completion and potential margin benefit once the project is finalized. 
James Kelly : In terms of the project I think as we mentioned at the NYSC we brought our first region live in October which is [inaudible], small market, [1,000] merchants. We begin the migration of Hong Kong which is our biggest Asia Pacific market this month and thats kind of a Beta cycle for the initial group of merchants and provided we dont have any difficulties, well continue to move through that conversion pretty expeditiously.  We have as I said in the conference we have it lined out for the rest of Asia, for the UK whose requirements are under development now as well as Canada so I think youll continue to hear updates. I dont think at this stage were prepared to give you the net impact on a country by country conversion. Its not something that we have done historically but the system is working quite well. Weve had no disruptions in service as a result of the October conversion which were very pleased with and this project took longer then we expected but thus far is looking to meet operational expectations and were very pleased with the progress weve made.
Paul Garcia : As youve asked before you want to pin down when are we going to see the benefits on the bottom line and whats the magnitude and we havent been specific, weve promised you some more information on that. We will tell you that were on schedule to get a big chunk of that next year and we are very hopeful to give you some more information on that as these plans unfold. 
James Kelly : When one of the challenges is for example, [inaudible], HSBC Asia Pac does not give us a bill specific to the bill for processing front end transactions. Its just a lump of expenses that constitute the services that they can charge us in the transitional agreement. Once the service is ended, its very clear to us how much is now off the bill versus what was on there previously so as Paul said, once we start these conversions we know what our costs are, well very clearly know what their costs are and I think David will be able to give you some color in the coming quarters once we have greater visibility.  But in each instance that we do a conversion going back to the CIBC and National Bank conversions these are always very accretive and they will be very productive because well have less systems to support going forward. 
Wayne Johnson  Raymond James : On the direct side, on the domestic business what percent of transactions are credit card versus debit.
James Kelly : Its still the majority, the vast majority. Canada its the opposite but the vast majority is still credit cards in the US. Credit card being signature debit or just regular credit card we would view debit
David Mangum : And that percentage really hasnt moved much in the last few quarters, if youre thinking about trends. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Can you go back through the margin build, I think I understand the part on Canada and how that translates in terms of the profit impact, but can you just walk us through that same sort of logic as far as it relates to Europe and Asia Pacific in terms of where else there might be some hits to the margin side of the story given the currency move I guess is the first part of my question. And then touched a little bit on the drivers to margins given the platform of consolidation efforts, etc. where else do we have room from a margin perspective to continue to offset some of this currency headwind on the margin side.
David Mangum : If youre thinking about FX, we did talk about Canada before and thats obviously the largest piece and the piece with the most margin impact and requiring maybe the most margin explanation. If you look at the other geographies, whether you think of it as Central Europe or the UK or the emerging impact at the margin from the Asian geographies, I think what I would encourage you to do is look at the margins for the segment and not think of those entities as wildly varying from those margins. And then apply that logic to drive it to an earnings number and again youll find that that revenue logic, the logic of Canada being the vast majority of the earnings impact and looking outside relative to the revenue will hold true as you go through the other geographies.  So dont overcomplicate this. The rule of thumb really does kind of work in the other geographies. 
James Kelly : And the reason being we have not integrated the UK, we just started, and weve only done a small piece of Asia. Weve done the back end for Hong Kong [inaudible]. Were just about to do the front end, were about to do it for HK. So as we move through these markets well have a greater concentration of expenses, much smaller expenses, but expense being borne out of the US because thats where the primary processing centers are located. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: As it relates to margin levers, how are you thinking about pricing as we go into fiscal 2009, any updates from the networks as it relates to pricing and any opportunities that you see there?
Paul Garcia : If we were to rank them, that clearly is the largest, of course the one we have very little control over. If the associations do something dramatic and I only point you to Canada as a case in point, they do something dramatic, we will appropriately administer that in a way thats fair for our customers and competitive in the market but does produce some benefit for us.  And I am firmly of the belief that the associations will continue to address interchange and I think over time it comes out, it has to, it absolutely has to. I cant point to a timeframe and right now its all over the place, MasterCard in fact pretty dramatically decreased prices with a transaction they put in, non-interchange based called [Naboo] and its taking all different forms. Its going to continue to get complicated. That in and of itself is not a bad thing for us either. But I think at the end of the day it comes down. I cant promise you it happens in fiscal or next year or fiscal 2010 but I will promise you it does happen and when that does, that is good news for everybody in our business. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I was hoping that you would be able to provide just a little bit of a view or some way to reconcile back to some commentary around October when Visa and MasterCard at the time suggested that growth in the US credit side was I think at that point already approaching negative growth and yet through November your growth I think was running at plus 16%, how do we tie those two pieces together. 
Paul Garcia : I think the big part is that Visa has 100% of the Visa and MasterCard has 1005 of the MasterCard, we dont. So were able to take market share and both James and David have weaved that into their comments and its something were very proud of.  Were taking market share in every single one of the territories were in, every area, United States and Canada and Asia and Europe and we will do so in Russia. And thats a big part of our growth. Its quite frankly at the expense of our competitors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: The 29to 31% constant currency revenue growth forecast for FY09 with the caveat that its hard to predict the next six months what do you see particularly in the international business that gives you confidence in that forecast and if its possible to include commentary on December that would be helpful.
Paul Garcia : The international business has to include Canada and we have a tremendous amount of visibility. Canada actually had a very strong holiday period. We were delighted with that so we are encouraged with what we saw in Canada and of course we have the dynamic of what we have in place in Canada driving a lot of not only revenue growth but profit growth.  The GPE business is doing fine. Its growth was fairly steady. Asia with the exception of Hong Kong looked pretty good. Were trying to figure out whats going on in Hong Kong. Now thats not a huge amount of impact on EPS for sure because were just getting that business to where it has a margin and it is profitable.  But in terms of, and in terms of revenue growth its not a big driver either but theres so much opportunity in those markets I continue to be bullish there too. So the answer to the question is everything Im seeing, even with some of the macroeconomic headwinds, everything Im seeing from our markets encourages us that were seeing nice organic growth.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Just to clarify the transactions in the gaming business those are included in the US transaction growth number you provide? Does the 16% growth include the gaming business.
James Kelly : No, gaming is broken into two components. One component is a guarantee business. We issue a card called a VIP card. That would not be included in those numbers but a big piece of the business is credit card cash advance at the cages and that business would be in total transaction growth and we have seen some wins there that we have announced and so its a piece of it but I think we [win and] lose merchants all the time so I wouldnt view that as anything out of the ordinary relative to the overall health of the US business. 
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Is it possible to get any sense for how big transactions in the credit card cash advance business are relative to the merchant acquiring type transactions.
Paul Garcia : Theyre not very big. Its very tiny. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse  
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse :  The 29 to 31% in revenue is there an organic growth number if you ex out acquisitions that we can think about.
David Mangum : We havent call that out. I think the piece that really is important to you is the UK and weve been calling that out consistently quarter by quarter so you can get to whats pretty much an organic number out of just reducing for the UK and as you know for this quarter it was $55 million. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Anything seasonally in that number going forward third and fourth quarters?
David Mangum : No, if youre sticking with constant currency the answer really is no, not a whole lot of variability or seasonality coming through that number. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : The FX drag for fiscal year 2009 now is the $0.26, obviously it was positive in fiscal year 2008, so just looking for the EPS benefit it was last fiscal year.
David Mangum : I think were going to stay, if we can, focused on 2009 and the impact of the really material changes. Certainly you can assume that youd have seen a difference in growth overall and at the end of the day you know last year was a reasonable revenue growth number but also investment year for us at the operating line and the new geographies and some of the new processing and so you find income obviously reduced a little bit but at the end of the day I think were trying to stick to 2009 and just give you a frame of reference where the business stands today from a trend and a fundamentals perspective. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : On the US business, are there ISO contracts that are anniversarying or nothing meaningful going forward in the US business.
Paul Garcia : The question was, theres two things, number one do we have any ISO contracts up. Our ISOs are pretty well locked up and they are happy we are happy. In terms of that big ISO that anniversaried, they did anniversary a while ago but theyve added increments of business since and that is anniversarying as we speak too because they didnt come on just day one, it took them awhile to convert all that business. 
James Kelly : we have good solid relationships as they are evidenced by strong agreements and I dont know of any that come to mind that are at risk that would have a, would warrant a conversation on the call. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : Obviously its a tougher economic environment is there any change in pricing in the merchant acquiring business?
Paul Garcia : No we havent seen, the ISOs, their pricing is fairly constant. Our pricing is fairly constant. The rates were offering our ISOs are fairly constant. The pressures were seeing really are a more challenging environment in terms of volumes being produced by the merchant base. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse :  on the money transfer I think transaction volume was down 13% I didnt hear if you broke that out between Europe and domestic.
David Mangum : I actually did not and kind of hoping we dont do a whole lot of that going forward and I dont really have that right in front of me, sorry. 
Bryan Keane  Credit Suisse : What was the 13, whats that comparable to last quarter?
James Kelly : I dont have it for last quarter but I can tell you that most of that 13 or a lot of that 13 has to do with the store closures that weve gone through. We closed up 20 this quarter, 19, 20 and we would have had closures last quarter so I think you have more of an impact of store closures and modest growth because of the macro trends that are now in Europe as well as theyve been say for a couple of years. 
David Mangum : Negative 7%, so 7% drop last quarter.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey 
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Did you say that the full year tax rate would be around 33%?
David Mangum : Yes, it would be approaching it. I dont think it will get all the way to 33. 
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: But I assume that probably trends down over time, especially if you add businesses like Russia and continue to grow in foreign markets, should we think about the trend directionally being down in the tax rate.
David Mangum : I think at the margin we should think about that trend in that way given the geographies were chasing for growth, yes. 
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: With regard to the operating margin, I think youd cited that currency obviously adversely effects it, ex currency, would you be looking for the operating margin to be rising year-on-year, certainly the EPS would imply that that would be the case but and you talk a bit about Asia, but generally on a consolidated basis, should we think about the trend being up and then potentially even more in 2010 as you start to really see the benefits of your G2 project.
David Mangum : I think that ex currency the trend should be generally upward and it should be at the margin on kind of a sequential basis. Whether or not we ever see an enormous impact as this or that geography comes online for G2 we can take up at a later date, but the trend in general should be expansion but at the margin. 
Paul Garcia : We clearly understand that our job as management is we have a high fixed cost low variable cost business that lends itself to terrific leverage and our business is to bring in more revenue, leverage that, produce higher margins. Thats what were here for and that is clearly our objective. 
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: You mentioned market share in the domestic merchant business can you talk about a couple of considerations, one your model, the ISO centric model versus either the bank, referral channel or the direct sales force model and whether you think the way you go to market is relatively beneficial, and then two, whether or not when you look at whats happening at First Data, thats had any impact on your business yet or whether youd anticipate that it would.
Paul Garcia : In terms of the three models you mentioned, the ISO, the bank referral, and the direct, theyre all different. The ISO is priced on a per transaction basis so in an environment where transaction counts actually benefit from decreased tickets, we actually benefit. Two $10 transactions is worth more to us then $1 million transaction if we processed through our ISOs. On a bank referral it is a more like a direct, typically the bank gets a piece of the revenue or referral fee and we own that contract with the financial institution typically sponsoring. Its a discount rate and its very nice business. Its a little different. You cant leverage it as quickly but its good business and our direct model is the most expensive of all of them first year.  But in the long-term direct business actually has the highest margins over a longer period of time assuming that you keep that business. Theyre all great, theyre all different, and they all pay you somewhat differently. So in terms of First Data, they are still a formidable competitor but they do, they are less active in terms of acquisition activity and I think they have their set of challenges with a pretty significant debt load but we certainly arent counting them out but am pleased to say were not seeing them a lot in terms of bidding up deals so thats a good thing.  
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Paul Garcia : Thank you all for joining us on todays call. We appreciate as always your support of Global Payments and wish all of you a healthy and prosperous 2009.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Elliott - Vice President, Investor Relations Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Joseph C. Hyde - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James G. Kelly - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities Analyst for Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Patrick Burton - Citigroup Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley David Koning - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Welcome to Global Payments first quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the conference over to your host Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott.
Jane M. Elliott: Joining me on the call are Paul Garcia, Chairman, President and CEO, Jim Kelly, Senior EVP and COO, and Joe Hyde, EVP and CFO. Before we begin Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10K. We caution you not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call speak only as of the date of this call. In addition, some of the comments made may refer to normalized results which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that normalized results clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8K dated October 2, 2008 which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now Id like to introduce Paul Garcia.
Paul R. Garcia: We achieved strong financial results for our fiscal 2009 first quarter. For the quarter our revenue grew 30% to $405.8 million and normalized diluted earnings per share grew 31% to $0.71. Our North American segment reported strong growth primarily driven by successful pricing initiatives in Canada and a favorable foreign currency exchange benefit. We were delighted with our international merchant segment performance which was primarily driven by the favorable impact of our joint venture with HSBC in the UK. Additionally, we continue to achieve solid revenue growth from sales initiatives in our Asia-Pacific region. Now lets look at the segment details. Our North American merchant services segment grew 16% in revenues for the first quarter. We continue to focus on signing small and mid-size merchants in the United States through our ISO channel and our own direct sales efforts. We also continue to sign mid and small sized ISOs that have the potential to drive future growth and as such we signed five new ISOs this quarter. Our domestic direct credit and debit card transactions grew 20% during the quarter and we had total revenue growth of 12% in the United States. In Canada our revenue grew 29% for the first quarter primarily due to favorable pricing trends and a positive impact from the Canadian currency exchange rate. Our international merchant services segment experienced revenue growth of 176% primarily driven of course by growth in Europe. Our European expansion was due to the recent acquisition of 51% of the HSBC UK merchant business as well as a favorable year-over-year check currency exchange rate. As part of the UK acquisition we received a seasoned management team with the leadership skills and the track record to support our future expansion plans. In our Asia-Pacific region we grew revenue by 29% for the quarter as a result of continued momentum gained through pricing strategies, our sales force initiatives and new product introductions. Turning to our money transfer segment, we achieved total revenue growth of 5%. In the United States transactions declined 10% for the quarter. This decline was partially due to a 13% reduction in the 780 domestic branch locations at the end of August compared to 898 locations last year. Despite this reduction in branches our domestic revenue declined only 1% in the quarter due to favorable year-over-year pricing and very importantly our total money transfer operating income grew 20%. In Europe our money transfer revenue grew 37% for the quarter and we ended August with 90 branches. This strong revenue growth was primarily due to transaction growth of 9%, favorable pricing compared to the prior year, and a favorable year-over-year foreign currency impact from the Euro. Now moving on to recent announcements. Firstly, we expanded our Asia-Pacific joint venture with HSBC on September 4, 2008 by adding the Philippines to the existing 10 countries and territories that were included in the JV. The JV paid HSBC $20 million in cash with global payments, 56% ownership obligation equal to approximately $11 million of that $20 million. In addition, the Philippines are now included in the existing 10-year marketing alliance whereby HSBC will refer new merchant customers from its extensive branch network to the joint venture. We also recently announced an agreement in the Russian Federation to acquire United Card Services which we refer to as USC. USC is a leading direct merchant acquirer and an indirect payment processor operating in the high growth payment markets of Russia, also enjoying an expanding economy. Under the terms of the agreement we will pay $120 million to acquire UCS which had calendar year 2007 revenue of $34.2 million. Additionally, UCS entered into a 10-year marketing alliance agreement with Rosbank which has historically provided agent bank referrals and Visa and MasterCard bank card sponsorship. As part of this acquisition we are receiving a dedicated and experienced management team and we look forward to working with them upon the completion of this transaction. I believe this to be an important step in expanding our footprint internationally and we will continue to look for additional opportunities using the same financial and operating discipline that has become a cornerstone in our acquisition strategy. Ill now ask Joe to further discuss our financial results.
Joseph C. Hyde: Our press release includes a GAAP income statement and a schedule that reconciles GAAP to normalized results. Our normalized results exclude restructuring charges and certain non-recurring non-cash items. As Jane mentioned, please see todays earnings press release for more information. Before I begin reviewing our results Id like to describe several new disclosures included in our press release. First, we provided a reconciliation of our diluted EPS guidance. We added this disclosure to assist in reconciling our first quarter results and our full year guidance on a constant currency basis given the recent volatility in the foreign exchange markets. As evidenced, we expect our constant currency growth over the next three quarters on a combined basis to remain relatively consistent with first quarter levels. The most significant expected change comes from foreign currency which added 5% of diluted EPS growth in the first quarter compared to an expected 5% reduction to our growth for the rest of the fiscal year. An additional new disclosure was to expand our segment reporting as a result of our UK acquisition and anticipated future international expansion. In the press release we provided the historical financial results by segment for fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008. We also provided the supporting detail behind our effective tax rate calculation for these same periods.  Lastly, on the balance sheet and cash flow statements we have included the full line item detail in the same expansive format used in our quarterly and annual SEC filings. In connection with this change, we have separately disclosed the amortization of acquired intangibles and share-based compensation expense. We are very pleased to provide all of these new disclosures to increase the level of transparency to our financial performance. Now on to our results. We were pleased with the 17% growth in operating income that we achieved in our North America segment during the quarter. These results were largely driven by strong revenue growth in the United States and Canada and the related economies of scale benefits. Our expenses in North America were largely in line with our expectations. Our international merchant services operating income grew 297% during the quarter primarily due to the impact of our 51% UK acquisition. To assist you in calculating organic revenue growth, we intend to separately disclose the revenue achieved from this acquisition during the first year after completion. As such, we achieved $43.3 million in UK revenue during the quarter which was consistent with our internal expectations. The impact to operating income of this acquisition has been greater than expected primarily due to lower profits in costs than planned. Moving to money transfer, this segments operating income posted strong growth of 20% for the quarter as Paul discussed. This growth is the result of improved pricing compared to the prior year and the closure of unprofitable branches.  Our corporate expenses increased during the quarter from the prior year primarily due to the expansion of our corporate area to support our continued growth in addition to costs associated with completing our UK acquisition. On a consolidated basis our normalized operating income grew 38% compared to the prior year and our normalized operating margin increased 130 basis points to 22.9%. We expect strong operating income and operating margin growth for the full year as a net result of the trends that Paul and I discussed. The net of our interest income and interest expense line items resulted in $1 million in income during the quarter, which is a reduction from the prior year primarily due to the impact of our UK acquisition and lower interest income rate domestically. Our minority interest during the quarter grew significantly compared to the prior year primarily due to our 51% UK acquisition. Adjusting for the impact of current exchange rates and an additional month of UK financial results on a pro forma basis, our minority interest would have been in the $10 million range. We expect this will be the approximately quarterly run rate going forward subject to fluctuations in the earnings of our two joint ventures with HSBC and our joint venture with Comerica. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 32.9% as compared to 35.4% in last years quarter. This decrease was primarily due to a favorable impact from the lower UK statutory income tax rate of 28% and certain tax planning initiatives. We expect a similar effective tax rate going forward subject to one-time items such as changes in tax reserves due to income tax statute expirations. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $7.7 million which primarily related to technology and merchant terminal spending. For fiscal 09 we continue to expect capital expenditures to modestly increase over the $45 million spent last year primarily as a result of our UK acquisition and continued technology in merchant terminal spending. Moving on to the balance sheet, our reported cash was $288 million at the end of August. Despite the current economic environment and the credit issues other companies have experienced, we believe that we are in a position of significant financial strength. We expect to easily meet the repayment obligations on our five-year term loan using internally-generated cash flow and we have an uncapped $350 million line of credit with a group of stable commercial banks. We grew our net cash provided by operating activities by 78% during the quarter to $67.8 million and we expect strong cash flow growth for the fiscal year. Lastly, we believe that our healthy balance sheet provides us with a competitive advantage in pursuing our acquisition strategy.  Paul will now discuss our fiscal 09 guidance.
Paul R. Garcia: Based on current trends in our ongoing growth strategy we are raising our fiscal 2009 annual revenue guidance to $1,640,000 to $1,680,000 or 29% to 32% growth over the $1,274,000 in fiscal 2008. We are also raising fiscal 2009 annual diluted earnings per share guidance to $2.37 to $2.45 reflecting 20% to 24% over our fiscal 2008 normalized diluted earnings per share of $1.98. This guidance excludes future acquisitions or potential restructuring and other charges. I continue to be very positive about the long-term prospects of Global Payments especially in our international markets and in the continued strength of our North American merchant channels. Well now go to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: It sounds like youre moving into some of the smaller ISO channels and Im wondering to what extent do those smaller ISOs rely in terms of selling some of their incremental equipment utilizing third-party lessors? And the second part of that question is, are you prepared if at all to step in since youre financially much more viable than maybe some of their lenders?
Paul R. Garcia: The first part of the question in terms of moving into that channel, we really pursued ISOs of all sizes from small, medium to large full liability 50/50 and zero liability so Im not sure theres a shift there, just how weve historically signed more smaller ISOs than larger ones on a frequency basis. I think in terms of the terminal buys, I havent heard anything recently to suggest that its problematic to get credit to purchase and then lease or just outright lease. We havent had ISOs at least in the US coming to us and asking but I would suggest if they were, I think we would be amenable to it but the credit markets are changing rapidly these days so I think well stay tuned and continue to try to support that channel with as much support as we have historically.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: On the HSBC UK venture, youve owned it only for a short period of time but Im just wondering, theres been a lot of incremental moving parts as weve seen some pretty significant deterioration in a lot of economies overseas. Im just wondering to what extent are you trying to manage that? Are you seeing any changes in the market over there? And then if you could maybe just comment about how youre rolling out in terms of the Asia-Pacific platform consolidation?
Paul R. Garcia: Ill take the HSBC question and Jim, Ill ask you to deal with the AP conversion. In terms of the HSBC question, they were number three in the market and they were kind of marking time. And although management had a number of I think really excellent ideas, they werent in a position to implement a lot of innovation. Thats one of the reasons the bank felt this was such a good idea.  They reached out to us and of course we happily did this, and there is a fair amount of low-hanging fruit, is the answer to the question. Although there are pressures in every economy around the world and were in uncharted territory so lets see where this goes, but right now were seeing nice growth from that business and as I said were taking advantage of some of the low-hanging fruit including adding some sales resources in places that could support them readily. So its looking pretty good. Jim, you want to talk about AP?
James G. Kelly: Sure. Weve completed our certifications for the [D2] platform with both Visa and MasterCard at this point in time. So that was a milestone that was good to pass that recently.  We are contemplating for the front end starting this month to put a few merchants into beta and assuming that goes according to plan, well start to roll through Macao partly this calendar year; if not, the start of next calendar year. Then Hong Kong will follow. On the back end we have five countries including the Philippines which we just recently announced the purchase of. Those are slated to begin conversion maybe the late first quarter or early second quarter of next year. So I think thisll be a big event for us to get D2 up and live in production and then the back end continues to do well. Weve already converted two countries in the region, Macao and Hong Kong. This will give us another five, seven in total with four to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Analyst for Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan.
Analyst for Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: A question on the US economy. Can you give us some color on what you guys are seeing kind of intra-quarter? I know its not a same-store sales growth type story here, but just any color on trends youre seeing volume-wise intra-quarter please?
Paul R. Garcia: We have seen some softness domestically. Now the good news is softness for us with our strong ISO channel still means pretty significant growth. Its just not as robust. Fortunately were in a lot of other places but clearly we have seen some softness. Things are developing as we speak. Who knows where this economy goes but Id like to refresh your memory that this is a nice place to be even in recessionary times. Theres lots of data that suggests that credit cards always grow even in recessionary times. And then theres the whole concept that its discretionary versus non-discretionary spending and were rich with non-discretionary channels like education and health care and the like, government. So I think it is a cautious environment. We are watching carefully. But I think were as well positioned as one can be given the macro trends.
Analyst for Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Talking about moving towards smaller ISOs or signing smaller ISOs, does that give you an opportunity to maybe price a little more aggressively? I know you guys have seen some pressure from renewals on your bigger ISOs. Are you getting maybe a little pricing lift as you kind of move downstream to smaller ISOs?
Paul R. Garcia: The answers yes. Theres a huge amount of discipline in it. Its all volume driven and the ISOs many of whom know each other extremely well. So you have to be a very honest broker here. So smaller ISOs have higher pricing and larger ISOs have lower pricing, and theyre offered opportunities through tiers, etc. to get to various levels. But yes. That is one of the advantages is you do price them somewhat higher than the really big guys. But youve got to keep in mind, youve got to make them competitive so its not huge differences.
Analyst for Tien-tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: I saw yesterday Banco de Mexico had pretty weak numbers for August for Mexico money transfers. Im just curious, have you guys noticed anything incremental maybe between July or August or is there something that you guys saw as well? Any color there. And then maybe also if you could talk a little bit about the demand environment overseas with Europe? You definitely posted great revenue growth but just incrementally are we seeing a slowdown in demand in both Mexico and in Europe? If you could talk to that please.
James G. Kelly: Domestically in DolEx as the numbers suggested, July was a slower month. August we saw some rebound relative to July. As Joe reported in the numbers, as did Paul, the quarter was still a very good quarter for us in this business as it was in the fourth quarter of last year. So while we like the rest of the competitors in this market place are working through a much slower market than we did a couple years ago, I think from a performance standpoint I think were still doing very well. In terms of Europe, that market similar to the US has clearly seen a slowdown. Most of this business is tied to construction, agriculture, construction being the largest piece, and their dependence on construction and construction growth has slowed such as we have seen in the US. Now I would refresh your memory that we also acquired a business last quarter in Europe so part of the growth youre seeing there is aided by the addition of another 15 or 17 branches.
Paul R. Garcia: Ill just add one thing. Its also very geographic. Arizonas not doing great. No one told the people in Texas that theres a potential recession. Their economys doing wonderfully. There are a ton of jobs for those who would use our services, and with the terrible storms that swept through there, even more so. So I think theres kind of a nice tailwind at least in that region for us and we are very heavily concentrated in Texas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Burton - Citigroup.
Patrick Burton - Citigroup: One balance sheet question first. The increase in accounts receivable, could you just take us through that please?
Joseph C. Hyde: That is the effect of two months of the UK revenue which we did not collect until September.
Patrick Burton - Citigroup: So nothing ex that event? DSOs back to normal?
Joseph C. Hyde: Yes. Next quarter that should come down. I think it was up $40 million from May. Everything else being equal, itll be up one month of UK revenue or $20 million. So we should get a positive inflow in the second quarter.
Patrick Burton - Citigroup: And to follow up on the prior question, in terms of June, July, August sequentially you didnt see any material sharp fall off in volume numbers in the US particularly in the month of August? Im sure you dont want to comment about September but whatever youre seeing would be helpful on a real-time basis?
Paul R. Garcia: Are we discussing DolEx or merchant?
Patrick Burton - Citigroup: By merchant please.
Paul R. Garcia: We definitely saw some softness domestically in the first quarter for our merchant business both within the ISOs and within the direct business. The direct portfolio which is a piece of that business and the ISO is the other piece, both did see it. What I was saying was that this business has a couple good things going for it: The non-discretionary exposure as well as the ISOs managed to get it done in pretty much any environment. So they still posted some pretty darn good growth but we clearly saw softness. Absolutely.
Patrick Burton - Citigroup: In raising your guidance youve taken all that into account, etc?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. Clearly. We looked into that and we absolutely took that into consideration. And I hope everyone appreciated too we took great pains to break out some of fx numbers for you to really give you a feel.
Patrick Burton - Citigroup: And to highlight, youre actually forecasting a headwind the next three quarters, correct? -$0.04 I think?
Paul R. Garcia: We are domestically, yes.
Joseph C. Hyde: Yes. We are forecasting a headwind over the next several quarters.
Paul R. Garcia: And that goes well too with our domestic business, back to your point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: I have a question on revenue guidance and the affect on some currency. If you look at the full year revenue guidance and the first quarter revenue, if you annualize the first quarter revenue to the full year, its not that much below the full year guidance. What type of revenue affect are you modeling for in your low end, high end guidance figure? Could you talk about that, because the revenue guidance seems a bit conservative?
Joseph C. Hyde: The revenue impact is less on a percentage basis than the earnings, so in the quarter we had 5% positive EPS benefit but on the revenue it was only a 2% benefit. We will likely have some amount of drag in the next few quarters on revenue but I would not expect it to be more than up a percent or two at the most as compared to the earnings per share which is expected to be another 5% impact.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Now does the revenue guidance level essentially taking into account the unknowns with regards to the rapidly changing global economic environment?
Joseph C. Hyde: Yes. We have done our best to incorporate that between the low end of the guidance and the high end of the guidance. Its very difficult to try to forecast but we do believe that we have incorporated the potential for the current kind of environment and where we might go from here.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: You guys are in great shape with the balance sheet. The deal prices must be coming down or maybe people will pull them from the market but there cant be that many bidders for some of these deals compared to what you had in the past, especially with First Data. Are you seeing a decent flow of additional deals? Do you have as much as you want to handle at this point? You have made some pretty attractive acquisitions. Do you consider your hands full at this point in time? You still seem to have enough dry powder to take advantage of your strong balance sheet.
Paul R. Garcia: We would like more acquisitions. We have a fairly deep pipeline in terms of the competitive nature of them. It hasnt dropped off as much as one would think. There is a lag factor. And theres always of course, unless someone is terribly motivated to get a deal done, they can always pull it. So theres always that moderating impact as well. But the biggest influence is what you mentioned initially and thats the First Data who is aggressively bidding these things. Its kind of not in there as actively and thats helped a great deal. So yes, we look to get some more deals done. Wed like to see more and more deals and were working diligently to make that happen.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: On Russia, a very interesting acquisition with tremendous long-term potential but are you seeing significant changes in the spending in that market with both political and the oil markets, the effect of those items?
Paul R. Garcia: On a macro level I think on the consumer per se not as dramatic. That business is growing pretty well. Rosbank is a good partner. Theres a lot of issues with financial institutions in those markets too, but remember the majority of Rosbank was bought by Socit Gnrale. So they have some great footings. Were very bullish on Russia. Now it is a complicated market as you pointed out and there are dynamics that are developing every single day there around the world and Russia has a couple extra ones thrown in with their political situation. But its well worth the gamble. Were delighted to be there. We think we are better positioned than anybody.
James G. Kelly: I would also add that weve been working with this opportunity for quite some time and weve gotten to know the company quite well. And while we havent closed, we have been able to monitor its performance and at least up until recently theyve been doing quite well. And I dont see why thats going to change in the near future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: I dont think this has quite come up, but the bump up in guidance is pretty sizable. Can you walk through whats really changed in the two months since you last gave the guidance? I guess we have the Philippines in there but we dont have Russia in there so Im still trying to figure out whats really changed over the past two months?
Joseph C. Hyde: Sure. There are two major areas that are impacting the increase in guidance, which we were very pleased to be able to do this quarter. The first is in Canada. The pricing trends that weve talked about that have been very favorable to us have continued so and have even been better than what weve expected. As we discussed on the last call, we had forecasted that that benefit would tail off during the course of the year and that has not occurred so far into this quarter. And were just more bullish on the likelihood of that benefit continuing. Theres also been over the past couple of months a push towards a migration of consumers to premium credit cards in Canada and under the new pricing structure that has provided a significant benefit for us that we did not expect or plan for. The second area is the UK acquisition has been a higher benefit than we expected. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, the revenue was largely within our expectations but the expenses have been lower than we planned. As we talked about on the last call, we signed this deal in late June, closed it a week later, were on a call with you all a few weeks after that, had not owned the business for even a month at that time, had not seen any actual monthly data on our books at the time of that call, and so its a very new deal for us. And to complicate that, this is a business that did not have a P&L historically. It was really a product line within the bank and they were not attempting to measure the profitability of it the way that we are doing now. So most of the expenses were comingled with other expenses within the bank and the 8K we filed which had financial statements in it were largely the result of allocations within the bank. That allocation methodology was still being discussed and still moving around somewhat at the time of our call, and we did not place a high level of reliance on it because its largely allocated and we did not expect the allocation methodology to necessarily be the same in the future. So having two months of actual data now is not a lot of data but its a lot better than having zero monthly data, so the expenses came in lower than we thought and we have flowed that through the rest of the year which is a very positive story.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: And I expect theres no claw back provisions on their part when they see your numbers, right?
Paul R. Garcia: Remember, they get 49% of the results so theyre very happy. No. These guys are very happy.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: On your line of credit, weve been hearing about other companies tapping their line of credits just in case and it sounds like you guys didnt do that at all inter-quarter. Have you been to the point that given the credit environment you want to tap that just in case?
Joseph C. Hyde: We were aware that other companies were doing that and we had a lot of discussions with our bank group. We have a wonderful group of banks, very successful, J.P. Morgan, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and they made it very clear to us that the facility is there if we need it. But we did not feel it necessary to pull that down especially given some of the concerns with the money market funds that are out there. So all of our cash today is in very safe money market funds most of which are under the new US Treasury money market insurance program. So we feel good about that and we had no other need to draw down on that line. Were cash flow positive every month that were in business. So it just did not make sense to take it to that point of extreme and put additional expense on the company through borrowing costs for that purpose.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: On Russia, are there clear synergies with your existing Eastern European operations? And whats the competitive landscape like in Russia?
Paul R. Garcia: There are synergies. The good news is that we have a staff in Russia now that works for the group in Prague and theyre familiar with each other, so were looking for some synergies as we speak. In terms of the competitive environment, there are a number of other players but UCS we think is in a better position than any of them and quite frankly I think theyve been in business longer than just about any of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just to make sure I understand the currency mixes, as were looking at the UK, Euro and Canadian as well, what would be the proportional contribution from each one of those currencies as you think about the revenue expectations going forward and the drags that youre sort of factoring in now?
Joseph C. Hyde: The Canada revenue is shown separately. The UK revenue I gave at being $43 million in the quarter and thats two months of data, so its roughly $20 million per month. So I think you have a good sense for that. I think the additional color I can provide is that in Canada we have a much higher contribution margin if you will in that business because weve synergized with the rest of the United States in that area and it just has a very high margin from that perspective. And as a result we are probably more exposed on the earnings side to Canada than we are in any of the other currencies. For example, in our UK deal the margins much lower than we have in Canada but we also pay 49% of that out as minority interest which provides an even greater natural hedge for us. So changes in currency can impact our revenue. On the earnings side its mainly Canada.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I didnt hear you say anything about the Euro so Im guessing thats all UK, the British pound?
Joseph C. Hyde: Again the only place where were exposed to the Euro is in our Europe money transfer business which is just very small and the margin in that business is also smaller than we have in our other businesses. So theres really a minimal impact.
Paul R. Garcia: The Czech Corona is kind of moving along generally with the Euro and theyre part of the EU of course and they are going to convert presumably to the Euro eventually. So just with that caveat.
Joseph C. Hyde: Thats a good point. We have had a very large lift in the Czech currency exchange rate that the exchange rate has been up 35% over the prior year quarter although we dont expect that to continue over the next several quarters. But thats another element.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Just switching over to the contribution from looking at the international merchant services margins now, the contribution from the UK obviously played a big part of that. Just kind of doing some back of the envelope calculations here, if you look at the quarterly margin contribution of what you had last quarter versus what you have now for the international merchant services segment, it almost seems like that operating margin for that UK business is in excess of 30%, probably north of 35%. Is that a sustainable rate? And can you also talk a little bit about having those lower expense benefits, is that something thats a one-time situation or would you have to build out some other type of items that would eventually bring down some of that margin contribution that you saw from the UK this quarter?
Joseph C. Hyde: While we dont intend to give a lot of detail on earnings within the international segment, we intend to talk about it as a whole but since the UK deal is new to us, Im happy to get you some color as to where the exact margin was. Its actually in the high 20% range in the quarter. Going forward were expecting that to continue. Of course weve only had two months and well know more after we have had the business for a longer period of time. Were going to make some investments in that business as well but we have included in our guidance that high 20% range for the rest of the year.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: On the UK business, how much of that work you guys are doing there is online channel versus actual physical merchants?
James G. Kelly: The vast majority is still brick and mortar merchants. They do have a very solid international acquiring solutions but its relatively new and on a comparative basis its small compared to the bricks and mortar. Id also add to Joes comment about the margin in that business. As we integrate the UK just like with CIBC and National Bank and Asia that were currently going through, we would expect that to help the already strong margin in the UK. Thatll help it in the out years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just to expand a little bit on the ISO discussion, it sounds like youre getting sort of broadly a more diverse ISO channel. Were there any significant changes worth calling out? For example, any of the top four or five ISOs that I know have historically had sort of a disproportionate effect going away or were there any other changes other than the natural progression of the business over time?
James G. Kelly: No, there havent been any changes relative to the high end or the middle or the lower side of the equation. As I said earlier, our strategy has been to service the channel and were really willing to support anybody at introductory levels, zero percent liability programs to a share liability to a full liability. You are correct. We have a number of those large successful organizations that have been with us for many years and those relationships I think are in good shape and we expect those to continue.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Can you remind us when some of those larger contracts come up for renewal?
James G. Kelly: I think weve said historically there are none planned in the next 12 to 24 months. Theres nothing imminent and typically on a renewal they tend to stay with us because the cost of moving is complicated. Its not to say that we wont lose ISOs but our track record thus far I think has been very good in that regard.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: In Asia, growth continues at pace. I know the first quarter can be sort of a seasonally light quarter. Can you call out the operating margin or income contribution from Asia? I know you cycled through a pretty meaningful investment there. Are you starting to get some natural economies of scale or is it still too small to have hit that inflection point on margin?
Paul R. Garcia: We are in fact in the markets that we are getting some significant volume from where we have a commanding position. And that would be Hong Kong particularly because that drives still a lot of volume. The rest of the countries are more developmental. Some, China and India, are extremely developmental. Its going to be a while. But we did promise some margin growth and thats our intent to deliver that in that business. And over time this business absolutely positively will be margin accretive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Question on merchant margins. They were better across the board but I wanted to delve into North America for a minute. Specifically, if pricing and fx in Canada were cited as areas of strength, does that imply that the US was down year-over-year on a margin basis but this is the type of margin trend we should see from this segment, kind of flattish to up a little bit going forward?
Paul R. Garcia: Thats a fair question. As we said earlier we definitely saw some softening in the domestic business in the US. And because this is such a scale business, when you see some of that it doesnt delever. So although we still have growth particularly from the ISO channel, it wasnt as robust as in earlier periods. So we did see some softening that did translate into margin. So thats exactly right.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Do you expect it to be kind of flattish through the fiscal year in terms of margin?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, we are. In fact weve taken that into consideration and even deteriorated it a little bit more for our forecast.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: So again then the plan goes back to what youve been saying for the last 12+ months that US should be stable and the margin expansion should come from Europe and Asia?
Paul R. Garcia: Well long term clearly.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Should that be the formula in fiscal 09?
Paul R. Garcia: We actually are ahead of what I led you guys to believe but were feeling very good about where we are. And we did talk about margin expansion for the year overall with all those components and the last two you mentioned are clearly part of that driver.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: If you could touch on the contractual aspects of your ISO relationships, what if any impact are slower consumer spending trends having on revenues and margins? Is there any kind of hedge built into them based on volumes like we see with the networks?
James G. Kelly: No. Youre suggesting if theyre transactions accounts dropped, that would change the margin?
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Right, because they get on lower volume bands or something like that?
James G. Kelly: I guess that possibility exists but as Paul said on an ISO they all continue to do quite well and I dont think any of them that Im aware of are in jeopardy of some material change one way or another.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: In terms of the ISOs, are they less willing to switch vendors right now because they dont want to disturb their client base in this kind of environment?
Paul R. Garcia: I think the answer to that is yes. I dont think thats necessarily an economics environment situation. Its very disruptive. We have very aggressive entrepreneurs that run these ISOs and they are constantly pushing us, leveraging us, putting us against others and in some cases making demands, some of which we will meet and some of which we will not meet. That could at some point result in an ISO leaving us but what were saying is at the end of the day, the numbers we provide you take into consideration just about any contingency that we could see. I cant predict exactly what will happen. I think it is unlikely that if an ISO slipped a notch because of the economy that we would penalize them however. That would be unlikely.
James G. Kelly: I would just add as well to that, the market is still very competitive for pricing. So while some of our competitors are not as active in acquisitions as they have been historically in the area of signing up ISOs or domestic business, those continue to be aggressively priced and I think thats always attractive for organizations. So we have to balance all the needs of our customers as well as the needs of our shareholders when we reach agreements with these guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research.
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research: I wanted to find out if you think that theres been any change from bank philosophy because of the recent turmoil were seeing either domestically or internationally for their merchant business?
Paul R. Garcia: The answer is yes. These guys do have in some cases very valuable assets and I think that this is an opportunity to monetize. In some of the unfortunate scenarios like Wachovia, they have referral agreements with our competitors and Im not exactly sure how thats going to shape out. The same with WaMu. They had a referral agreement that one of our competitors paid handsomely to receive. I think that just goes away. These are interesting times right now and I think that there are opportunities that will present themselves if you have enough dry powder and willpower. And thats what were hoping for.
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research: Are there any other parts of the world where Visa or MasterCard might be making changes to either interchange or assessment that could benefit you going forward?
Paul R. Garcia: Yes. The answer is every place we are literally. Not trying to be sarcastic. Truly, they are in fact looking at all the markets and you saw in Canada what could happen. There were some interesting rulings from Australia that the government is stepping back from the basically control of that environment although theyre still making demands on the associations. But yes, I think Visa and MasterCard are looking at lots of changes in every market were in. Thats generally a good thing particularly when the interchange goes down.
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research: On your Asia-Pacific, I think you said you added some sales people there, youre introducing new products. Could you quantify maybe the number of sales people youre adding and maybe how many you had and what you went to? And maybe talk about some of the new products youve added that help that joint venture?
Paul R. Garcia: Were about 275 sales people in Asia roughly. Thats up but not dramatically. In terms of products weve done a number of things. Having a currency product has been a big demand. Go ahead Jim.
James G. Kelly: I would say theres probably three, DCC being one, the group there. Shortly after we closed on the deal, it opened this up in a couple of key markets for us and I think thats been a good opportunity for certain vertical markets. Delayed payments for large payments to say a store that sells television sets would enable the customer to pay over a period of time. That program we do together with HSBC enables us to premium price the offering. And then in terms of terminals, the bank pretty much restrained during the year we were between signing and closing and restrained the amount of new terminals being released in the market place, and we have rectified that situation with larger terminal buys as Joe said in his comments and part of those buys have been to that market.
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research: Have you seen an increase in customer attrition? I know you said there was some softness from a transaction standpoint. Has that resulted in a greater number of businesses just going under?
James G. Kelly: No, we havent seen it on an attrition basis. I think where were seeing it, I think our ISOs as well, average tickets have come down so that has an impact on our contribution because a big part of what we bill is a spread basis opposed to a per transaction. And then just overall softness in sales more than on an attrition basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: I was wondering if I could get transaction growth in Canada, Asia and Europe?
Paul R. Garcia: Sure. In Canada it was kind of mid single digits in transaction growth.
Joseph C. Hyde: In Asia weve not historically provided that data. Its probably tracking just underneath the revenue because we have had some re-pricing benefits there. And then in Europe again we did not provide it because of the impact of the UK deal. Well have to think about how we approach transactions in Europe going forward but transactions have been running in kind of the teen level.
Paul R. Garcia: Theyre pretty consistent with revenue growth in both those markets. The excerption was Canada.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Could you give us any sense for how quickly UCS can grow on the top line organically and how accretive you expect it to be in the first year when it closes?
Paul R. Garcia: In terms of their top line growth, theyve grown pretty nicely since we announced this transaction. This is a good solid grower, probably in the 15% to 20% range and we think thats sustainable. In terms of accretion I would think of a small amount of accretion on this thing. I mean this is all about a footprint in an exciting market and not unlike China. We are going to eventually look for accretive margins but initially youre in an investment mode, will be expanding, theres lot of things their president wants to do and hes a terrifically talented executive thats going to take some investment on our part. I think its just a great story.
Operator: Our last question comes from David Koning - Robert W. Baird, after which Mr. Garcia will give his closing statements.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Weve heard some ISOs say that voluntary attrition has actually been reduced in this economy and theyre taking advantage of that by raising prices several basis points. Now you probably dont get a benefit from ISOs raising prices, but on your direct business are you taking any advantage of that type of trend?
Paul R. Garcia: We have not done anything out of the ordinary in the last quarter nor do we anticipate in the future. We do see exactly what the ISOs do. I think theyre pretty aggressive, more so than we are quite frankly because our direct portfolio is very different. And youre right. We dont get benefit from that because we get transaction fees for those guys. Jim, do you want to add any color to that?
James G. Kelly: Its not something I had heard recently that there were pricing initiatives around the economy. I think you typically see it in the spring and fall for matching up with the Visa, MasterCard and now Discover releases. But I dont know of anything out of the ordinary. And the changes that are going into effect in October are not that significant.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: One thing on the cash flow statement. There was a $5.7 million I think inflow from a sale of contractual rights. What was that item?
Joseph C. Hyde: There are two items in there. About half of that relates to the divestiture of a portion of our interest in a Russian credit information company. The other half relates to our Discover program. If you remember, we purchased the merchant portfolio of Discover. And in connection with that we have as a benefit to our ISOs weve been selling the contractual rights to future commissions on Discover transactions to our ISOs so that our ISOs could sell Discover services. And the proceeds from some of those sales have started to come through and thats about half of that impact.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you to all of you for joining us on todays call. We appreciate your support of Global Payments and we sincerely hope to see you at our Investor Conference at the NYSE on October 15. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 8:00 pm and ending at 8:00 pm on October 17, 2008. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial 1-888-203-1112 or international participants can dial 1-719-457-0820. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Garcia - Chairman, President and CEO Jim Kelley - SE VP and COO Joe Hyde - EVP and CFO Jane Elliott - VP of Investor Relations
Analysts: Pat Burton - Citigroup Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Adam Frisch - UBS Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch Charlie Murphy - Morgan Stanley David Koning - Robert W. Baird Dan Perlin - Wachovia Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan. Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company Wayne Johnson - Raymond James James Friedman - Susquehanna Ed Antoian - Chartwell Tom McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer
Operator: Welcome to Global Payments fourth quarter fiscal 2008 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions and answers. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder todays conference will be recorded. At this time Id like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane Elliott: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2008 fourth quarter conference call. Joining me on the call today are Paul Garcia, Chairman, President and CEO, Jim Kelley, Senior EVP and COO, and Joe Hyde, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10K. We caution you not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call are only valid as of the date of this call. In addition some of the comments made on this call may refer to normalized results, which are not in accordance to GAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflects comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results, in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our form 8K dated today, July 25, 2008, which is located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.GlobalPaymentsInc.com. Please also refer this website for more information on our recent HSBC UK acquisition. Now Id like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul Garcia: Thank you Jane, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we get started, I would like to comment on just how pleased we are to be expanding our worldwide HSBC relationship with the newly formed merchant services joint venture in the United Kingdom. This transaction shows our ongoing commitment to expanding our international presence, which we expect will provide long-term opportunities for future growth. This transaction also demonstrates the level of trust that HSBC has in our ability to provide a value-added service to their merchants. Now for a financial results. We delivered solid financial results for fiscal 2008. For the fourth quarter our revenue grew 20% to $343.8 million, and normalized diluted earnings per share grew 21% to $0.52. For the year, our revenue grew 20% to $1.274 billion and our normalized diluted EPS grew 12% to a $1.98. Our growth was primarily driven by solid performance in our merchant service segments. In addition our money transfer segment had improved financial results in the fourth quarter, largely due to recent favorable pricing. Now, let's look at the segment details. Starting with our merchant segment, our ISOs continue to drive strong organic growth in our domestic direct channel. Our credit and data card transactions grew 21% for the quarter, with revenue growth of 18%. For the full year, our transactions grew 26%, with revenue growth of 23%. Our fourth quarter domestic direct growth, while strong, reflects the annualization of a large ISO conversion completed during last years quarter. We continue to successfully sign new ISOs, and I am pleased to announce that we recently renewed several ISOs for multi-year extensions. During fiscal 2009, we believe our domestic direct channel will continue to build market share and will achieve strong growth, although, and as previously discussed, we believe at a lower rate than in fiscal 2008, due primarily to the impact of a law of large numbers under ISO portfolio, and the annualization of the new ISO implemented last year. In Canada our credit and debit card transactions grew 3% as well, and our revenue grew 36% for the fourth quarter. For our fiscal year, transactions grew 3% with revenue growth of 19%. Fourth quarter revenue growth was impacted by a favorable Canadian currency exchange and a positive impact from pricing initiatives relating to changes in the Canadian market interchange structure that were implemented in April of 2008. We believe these initiatives will drive strong Canadian revenue growth in fiscal '09, partially offset by the impact of a potential decline in the Canadian currency. Our Asia-Pacific channel had strong revenue growth of 41% for the quarter and 27% on a pro forma basis for the fiscal year. We are pleased with the success we had in accelerating the organic revenue growth of our Asia-Pacific channel, as this unit was growing in the single-digits when we acquired it. We achieved this improvement in organic revenue growth through sales force initiatives, pricing strategies, and new product introductions. Our fiscal 2009 growth is expected to be strong, although we expect it will moderate to a more sustainable level compared to recent quarterly trends. Additionally, we continue to make operational progress on our goal to be fully converted from HSBC's back and front end systems by fiscal 2010. Our Central and Eastern European Merchant channel had revenue growth of 40% in the fourth quarter, with growth in credit and debit card transactions of 12%. For the year, revenue grew 17% with transaction growth of 11%. Our revenue growth for the year was driven by a favorable year-over-year Czech currency exchange rate, the impact from the November '07 Diginet acquisition, and solid transaction growth partially offset by certain price reduction granted on contract renewals. Additionally, our fourth quarter benefited from the final anniversary of the de-conversion of the previously discussed large customer. For fiscal 2009, we expect to achieve improved organic revenue growth. Moving on our money transfer segment; In the U.S., our transactions grew 1% for the quarter, while our revenue increased 13% for fiscal 2008 year. U.S. transactions grew 7% and revenue growth was 3%. These improved results for our fourth quarter are primarily due to our current pricing strategies. During the quarter, we closed a number of our profitable domestic branches and we ended the year with 793 domestic locations. In Europe, we ended the year with 90 branches, that's compared to 68 locations last year. During the fourth quarter we acquired 19 branches in Spain, which transmit money primarily to Latin America. For the quarter we have achieved 23% transaction growth and 52% revenue growth in this channel. For fiscal 2008 transactions grew 34%, with the revenue growth for 45%. Moving now to our recent announcements. Firstly, we completed, i.e. closed, our U.K. joint venture with HSBC on June 30, 2008, and the new company will operate under the name HSBC Merchant Services. We paid HSBC $439 million in cash to acquire a 51% ownership interest in the joint venture. HSBC contributed its existing merchant acquiring channel in the United Kingdom, and retained a 49% interest. The joint venture will provide credit and debit card payment processing services to more then 135,000 merchant outlets in first vertical markets. We also formed to 10-year marketing alliance, whereby HSBC will refer new merchant customers from its extensive branch network to the joint venture. Similar to our 2001 CIBC portfolio acquisition in Canada, HSBC was operating this as a separate division within the Bank, with the dedicated and very capable management team and experienced employees. I am pleased to say that this management team, along with approximately 400 other employees, will become part of the joint venture.  While industry credit and debit card growth for the UK market is in the single digits, we believe that JV will benefit from our successful track record of driving growth. Our sales initiative will include focusing on adding small and medium sized merchants, improving sales force training and incentive programs, and using a more proactive sales approach. I believe this will be a wonderful acquisition for us, and we look forward to strengthening our partnership with HSBC and to executing on our strategy. I will now ask Joe to further discuss our financial results. Joe?
Joe Hyde: Thank you, Paul. In our press release, we included GAAP income statements, and schedules that reconcile GAAP to normalized result. Our normalized results exclude restructuring charges and certain non-recurring non-cash items. As Jane mentioned, please see today's earnings press release for more information. We were pleased with the performance of our four businesses during the quarter, and for fiscal '08. Our merchant services normalized operating income grew 16% for the quarter and grew 10% for the fiscal year. These results were largely driven by the strong revenue growth that Paul discussed, and economies of scale benefits, including a normalized foreign currency benefit in the quarter that was similar to third quarter levels. For fiscal '09 in this segment we expect strong operating income growth in North America, primarily as a result of changes in the Canadian market interchange structure, continued ISO growth, and a stabilization of our check guarantee channel. This expected operating income growth is also due to our international expansion efforts, including progress achieved in our existing Europe and Asia channels, and the impact of our HSBC U.K acquisition. Moving to commodity transfer: in this segment operating income was $7.5 million for the quarter, which reflected robust growth of 116%, compared to the prior period last year. In the quarter, we benefited from favorable pricing, as well as a positive impact from closing unprofitable branches. For fiscal 09 we anticipate modest money transfer revenue growth, coupled with strong earnings growth, due to the leverage we have in our fixed cost model. Our corporate expenses increased 14% during the quarter and 2% for the full year. The fourth quarter increase was due primarily to timings in our equity compensation program, although these expenses significantly declined for the full year. Our corporate expenses will likely grow faster during fiscal 09, due to normalization of these expenses. For fiscal 09 we expect to achieve growth in EBITDA margin, compared to our normalized EBITDA margin of 22.7% in fiscal 08. We expect that margin growth to occur, adding the net result of the factors that I just discussed on a segment basis, which include things like favorable impact from our U.K acquisition. We anticipate that the joint venture will be highly profitable, and we'll have EBITDA margin that are accretive for us. We are in the very early stages of this transaction however, and we except to have a better sense for its financial impact after we have managed the joint venture over the coming quarters. Turning next to income taxes, our previous tax commentary and guidance focus on our effective tax rate before the impact of minority interest. Due to fluctuations in our minority interest, net of tax line item, we believe it is more appropriate going forward to focus on our effective tax rate after the impact of minority interest. This will be a better representation of our income tax provision, especially as our minority significantly grows in fiscal '09 as a result of our HSBC U.K. acquisition. Our normalized effective tax rate for the quarter after the impact of minority interest was 38.3%, as compared to 36% last year. This increase was primarily due to favorable one-time tax benefit items last year, related to income tax statute exploration and certain tax planning initiatives. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $13 million, which primarily related to technology and merchant terminal spending. For fiscal '09, we expect capital expenditures to modestly increase over the $45 million spent this year, primarily as result of our U.K. acquisition and continued technology and merchant terminal spending. Moving to the balance sheet, our reported cash increased to $456 million due to strong cash flow generated during the quarter, in addition to favorable timing differences relating to settlement processing and working capital. Excluding our merchant reserve funds and other operating cash we had approximately $214 million in excess cash at quarters end. We used this excess cash to fund a portion of the $439 million purchase price for the HSBC U.K. acquisition. The remaining purchase price was funded through a new five year $200 million term loan with a syndicate of U.S. banks, as well as $25 million in borrowing under our existing credit facility. Due to our proven ability to generate strong free cash flow and the excess capacity we have in our existing $350 million credit facility, we will continue to pursue our acquisition strategy, which we believe represents the highest potential return for our shareholders. Paul will now discuss our fiscal 09 guidance.
Paul Garcia: Thanks, Joe. Based on current trends in our ongoing growth strategy, we are providing fiscal 2009 annual revenue guidance of $1.620 billion to $1.675 billion or approximately 27% to 31% growth over $1.274 billion achieved in fiscal 2008. We are also providing fiscal 2009 annual diluted EPS guidance of between $2.20 to $2.30, reflecting 11% to 16% growth over our fiscal 2008 normalized diluted EPS of $1.98. This guidance does not include any other significant acquisitions, potential restructuring, or other charges. I continue to be very confident about the long-term prospects of Global Payments, especially in our international markets, and then the continued to strength of our North American merchant channels. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now conduct the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question of today comes from Pat Burton with Citi.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Hi congratulations on the quarter and the year. My question deals with the U.K. joint venture. Can you give us any kind of matrix around perhaps, size, revenues, transaction levels, growth rate in the margins, anything you would like to amplify on the HSBC joint venture please?
Paul Garcia: Sure. Pat, I will start and I will turn it over to Joe. They are the third largest players in the market, the leader is, the largest is Royal Bank of Scotland followed by Barclays. It's a market that over the last 20 years gone through a lot of the pebble. It was not do market, meaning these are acquirer or match for acquirer that changed and there is a big shift. Royal Bank got a commanding position because of an acquisition they made in of NatWest who is a big provider. HSBC since steady, although they are, I think, well poised to for some growth given some focus in investment and that's exactly what we intend to do. And Joe, will you add a little more color please?
Joe Hyde: Sure. We put our press release when we initially announced and closed the deal that indicated calendar 2007 annual revenue of $229 million. We are not going to specifically break out the impact for next fiscal year, but historically the business had grown, consistent with the market in kind of the single-digit range. In terms of margin and cash flow, it generates a lot of cash flow. It's a high margin business. The margins from an EBITDA perspective are actually higher than our owned margin. So, it is very comparable business for us.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Great. I'll just ask one quick follow-up on sub mail, are there any large ISO renewals coming up over the next 12 months? Thanks.
Paul Garcia: Pat, we don't foresee any in the next 12 months and there is always the possibility of ISOs that are for sale but at this stage, we feel very comfortable with our customer base.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Thank you and congratulation on the year.
Paul Garcia: Thanks Pat.
Operator: We will go next to Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Good afternoon. Given that were two thirds of the way through your first quarter, I just want to help you give some update on what you are seeing in the US; American Express said they saw significant slowdown in spending in the month of June and that's obviously on credit card. I was wondering if you could give some color in what you are seeing in the US for both credit and debit cards, if possible?
Paul Garcia: Yes, of course. We'll try. Of course, it's a different animal. American Express has a different cardholder and they make different purchases. They have a different financial profile from many of the VISA MasterCard cardholders. And we have the advantage of getting a lot of non-discretionary expenditures and I would say, I have studied MX exactly, but I would say that they don't have as many non-discretionary opportunities as a bank cardholders does. I'd say that we have taken into consideration what we have seen to-date with our guidance. Nobody is immune from a bad economy. But what we have seen has been reflected in what we have given you guys. So we are not clearly being impacted to the degree that American Express was.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: But sequentially, you are seeing more pressure on the US consumer?
Paul Garcia: It depends on the vertical. Obviously in patrolling, you are seeing huge increases primarily given by price and a lot of our vertical that are non-discretionary uses by utilities, education and healthcare have actually seen uptakes. In some restaurant vertical, for example, we are seeing a little softness. We are seeing a little softness in some retail sectors as well. We are very fortunate and that we have a lot of very vibrant sectors that are non-discretionary uses and that is absolutely helping us.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you. Just a quick follow-up. Thank you, Paul. On the minority interest, I'm just trying to understand that the way, I thought that that was primarily or solely for the Asian joint venture, obviously it's going to include the HSBC UK businesses well. But then it was negative this quarter. How would we try to read, is there anything unusual there or is that, I think, give just a little bit of color on that? I'd appreciate it.
Paul Garcia: Sure. The minority interest line relates to our joint venture with Comerica Bank in the U.S, the Asia-Pacific joint venture and of course next year the HSBC UK acquisition which will drive that line clearly higher. In the fourth quarter, as I mentioned in my comment, it will be more useful looking at the minority interest on a gross basis. That line has shown net of tax for certain of our joint ventures. So that's been part of the impact. The income taxes appeared a little bit higher in the quarter and minority interest appeared a little bit lower, but if you adjust for that, the numbers appear somewhat more reasonable.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Bryan Keane, Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. With the benefit of FX and the new Canadian exchange, I would have expected a little bit higher merchant services margin, just wondering if there was anything in there one-time and maybe you can give us the check losses in the quarter?
Paul Garcia: No, there wasn't any in particular one-time item that we included in our normalized results. We were happy with the amounts in the quarter. The check business, as we said -- as we expected had definitely stabilized versus some of the losses of that, the business had in the third quarter. The third quarter losses were $7 million and then in the fourth quarter they were $5.9 million. And they variant, versus in prior year was actually half of what was in the third quarter. So, that impact of the issues we had in check guarantee channel has become significantly less so for us this year this quarter.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay, then sequentially the Canada revenues increased quiet a bit. Can we think about that being good number going forward on at least the year-over-year basis? So how do we think about that? And secondly, the change and interchange did that drop straight to the bottom-line to profit?
Paul Garcia: We can take the first thing that the overall, with Canada, the macro statement is that, you cannot exactly looking at the fourth quarter and extrapolate. We have got a nice currency list in the fourth quarter. We are actually forecasting that although against this just through year. So, I think that will actually work against us. In terms of the interchange pricing. The interchange reduction is, excuse me, interchange changes are in large measure passed on to merchants. We are - because of there are so many different interchanges, we are able to more appropriately price these transactions and then in many cases the merchants are actually paying less, depending on that card transaction. So it clearly doesnt all just drop, it stop isnt that straightforward. Assets have actually gone up for that period, a time also we reported them out.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay and then finally Joe, I didnt hear any segment and revenue guidance. Is there any reason for that change?
Paul Garcia: Segment and revenue guidance for
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I guess, going forward for fiscal 09 by different divisions?
Joe Hyde: We are giving total company revenue and EPS guidance for next year and we try to give some general color at the segment level and for some of the other P&L line items, but our intent is to manage to those lines in total next year.
Paul Garcia: Bryan and also with our first quarter call we will be dealing with some segment discussions at that point as well.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay. Congratulation on the quarter.
Paul Garcia: Thank you.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: We go next to Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi good afternoon. Just to Joe, down a little bit on the guidance and your talking about HSBC contributing at a higher incremental EBITDA margin. I am just trying to reconcile that with your total guidance. Is there anything else moving around from a profit standpoint within - you said money transfer is going to be good. Is there anything else in merchant for a mixed standpoint that might be driving down the non-HSBC margin, the U.S. margin.
Joe Hyde: Let me first clarify, on the HSBC deal the purchase price that is over $400 million, we will have to book a purchase price amortization associated with that deal, which will be material for us. Our amortization extent will likely more than double next year.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay
Joe Hyde: So, I think that, that may help some of your question and.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thats right.
Paul Garcia: And Andrew, you, of course, understand that its actually accelerated in how we deal with that too soon and so we had a larger whack on that for this fiscal period.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. And to be clear though, you were talking about consolidated EBITDA margin that is up in fiscal '09 versus fiscal '08? 
Joe Hyde: Yes that's correct.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then what - so, I guess the allocation of the purchase price is going predominantly to amortized intangibles as opposed to goodwill is that the P&L..?
Joe Hyde :  No, it probably more to goodwill, but that is a meaningful amount, I think it's in the neighborhood of 30% or so. We will have some more detail in the 10-K, but its still - when you have a purchase price - when the business is as large as it is and you have such a hard cash flow business, it will have a higher amortization expense.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And its accelerated as you mentioned in fiscal '09. Okay and then with regard to just generally, the domestic direct business. You mentioned some sort of broad-based head wins, economically. Any change dramatic there, I mean you clearly outperformed and taken a lot of share and I realize your anniversarying some pretty good growth in terms of ISO Ads. Just from a overall cyclical standpoint or structural standpoint, do you think you'd continue to take share? Any changes in the market as a result, for example of the Chase, First Data joint venture being broken apart?
Paul Garcia:  Andrew, we dont see other than just broad based economic impact. We dont see anything in particular. Now obviously the Chase, payment check at First Data break-up, we will be watching that very carefully. Im sure this going to be some breakage there, but these are these are both pretty smart focused groups. So they are going to do their best to keep that in the minimum, but that could end up being a net positive for anybody but it's not for Chase or for First Data. But I dont see anything dramatic, we haven't in the numbers to date, what we have has been is baked in. So stay tuned.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. Thanks.
Paul Garcia:  Welcome.
Operator:  We good next to Adam Frisch with UBS
Adam Frisch - UBS:  Thanks guys, good afternoon.
Paul Garcia:  Yes.
Adam Frisch - UBS:  A key tenet of this story is obviously Merchant Services operating margins rewritten pretty extensively about that, and the fact that margins will be expanding from the mid-25% range or so generated in '08. Can you provide some color on what you're expecting there on the profitability of the segment and where it might be coming from?
Paul Garcia: Yeah, well. Let me start with reemphasizing what Joe said about the EBIDTA margins. Because of the significant amortization, depreciation, we think that especially in our new environment, we think that's a pretty measure. And we thought those who were paying careful attention to that metric in particular would be delightedly to here say that we're expecting to see an expansion in EBIDTA margins from fiscal '08 to fiscal '09. So that's a big deal. We obviously are focused on growing our top line, we're focused on growing our bottom line. If you do that successfully, you will drive margins. We believe that every margin measure that we can meaningfully expand that over time taking advantage of the leverage in the business and all the things we talked to before the systems enhancements, the increased profitability in Asia, European expansion, all the things we discussed. And based on that, we clearly have an expectation of margin expansion. We are not prepared to give specific guidance, however, about those. Is there any else you want to add Joe to that? So, now of course that and in every quarter, we will delve into actual results and as much details as we think is reasonable, but we are just not prepared right now, other than trying to give a broad-based statement and I think it's a big statement for us that we are in fact understand EBIDTA margins.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. That's definitely helpful. Although, I think people will be watching Merchant pretty carefully through the course of the year.
Paul Garcia: We understand.
Adam Frisch - UBS: As I'm sure you expect it too.
Paul Garcia:  We do. We understand our job is to make that as profitable as we can.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Yes. Understood. Okay. So just getting back to the guidance for a sec. Just wanted to know what was included in terms of your assumptions on the micro economy as such. You started out the first quarter of last year with guidance in, I think it was 13 or 17 or so and then you came up into the 18%, 19% range a couple quarters later. So starting with the bitable number and then raising it throughout the year. Are you incorporating the same kind of strategy at this point in time? Or will the micro uncertainty out there impact that at all?
Paul Garcia: Adam, you are asking us say, or we give bit and raise guidance, we can't comment on that. We obviously are forced on doing of the best job we can and we will be very happy as the management team to do what you just suggested. But our expectation is that this is real guidance and we hope to build up to it.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. That's what you done in the past, so we wanted to know, I think it's a worthwhile question.
Paul Garcia: I know. I understand.
Adam Frisch - UBS: The final question I have is, is there anything you can do to accelerate the cost reductions in '09 if raise or little later then expected or all of the initiatives like data center consolidation and platform consolidation, all pretty much locked into at this point.
Paul Garcia: I think that probably some of our caution comes from, the answer to that question is no. The reality is this business leveraged the extremely well. It doesn't deal particularly well. So if volumes soften significantly, it's very difficult to get rid of enough cost to make up for that. In the high fixed cost, low variable cost business, it's just a kind of reality of it, so. But once again I want to give some all comfort that our guidance has taken into considerations what we have seen in the numbers and believe me we are watching the American Express results very closely.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. This is really my final one. The UK deal, what would revenue guidance have been for the year. Do we take the 229 from last year, single-digit growth could be anywhere from 0 to 9%, so that's a pretty wide range there. What would be back out from the UK deal in terms of what we are assuming in growth?
Paul Garcia: Again, we are not going to give a specific number, I think you can get generally close based on the 229 and the single-digit number, but we are not going to break it out at this time.
Joe Hyde: I will say that we are, these guns are on our payroll, again the July we are heading over there for a major kick off this weekend literally. And by next quarter, we will have a couple of months under our belts and I think we can probably give a little better guidance.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, thanks.
Joe Hyde: Welcome.
Operator: We will go to Greg Smith with Merrill Lynch.
Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys.
Paul Garcia: Hi, Greg.
Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch: Just following on the guidance question. If we do take out HSBC and in addition to that, you are obviously getting this huge benefit up in Canada which endures through the year, I understand there may be some negative currency. But it still seems to imply that the rest of the business flows quite a bit, I mean is that the take away we should have or should we view it as conservative or am I missing something here?
Paul Garcia: Again the domestic direct channel, we are saying that the revenues were probably slow versus the 23% growth that we had in fiscal 2008, it just not likely to stay up at that level especially given the current environment. We have known factor, which is the major ISO conversation that had essentially annualized. But that being said, we still expect strong growth, above market growth in the US, but not the level that we've seen in 2008. Now obviously got a bigger impact on revenue than it does on earnings. I think that that's probably the biggest when you take out FX. I still believe that we have a solid revenue growth even when you back out the HSBC deal.
Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And then can you give us what the FX benefit in cent per share, the FX benefit and the Canadian interchange, both of those for the quarter?
Joe Hyde : I can get the FX benefit which has been though relatively consistent. The EPS has been in the $0.04 to $0.05 range over the past couple of quarters. The revenue I believe was approximately $12 million for FX benefit. On the interchange benefit we intend to break that out separately.
Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch:  And the vast majority of that $0.45 is Canadian right? Canadian dollar?
Joe Hyde:  Yes it is.
Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Great and then just with the U.K. joint venture, how quickly can you guys move in into other European countries? Is that years off, many years off or can you do something all the more shorter term in the next 12 to 18 months?
Paul Garcia:  I think it is the real opportunity in that to expand that partnership and there is a couple of ways to that. We can expand within the U.K. organically, which is our intent to a acquisition opportunities which is our intent. And clearly there are opportunities to work with HSBC and potentially other partners to expand to other European domains. The U.K. is the largest within the EU. That's a place to be and thats exactly what our strategy is Greg. So I would look for some near- term opportunities for us to grow this business. Acquisitions are a lot trickier and those can take a lot of time, but that's certainly our intent.
Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch:  And then last question. Just on DolEx obviously had a very nice quarter there. Has this resurgence sort of changed your view on the future of this business and how you view it as whether not its going to be part of the portfolio long-term.
Paul Garcia:  I think it's fair to say we are pleased with the DolEx results. It's also fair to say it still comprises a very small part of our overall company. Our company is, particularly with this acquisition of HSBC is now becoming a primarily processor of bank card transactions not a money transmitter. So, I would say that question still is being evaluated.
Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Paul Garcia: Welcome.
Operator: We'll go to Charlie Murphy with Morgan Stanley.
Charlie Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. Paul and Joe, now that the U.K. acquisition has been completed, how would you describe your M&A appetite in fiscal '09?
Paul Garcia: I'd say its strong Charlie. We have the capacity and we certainly have the appetite and in fact, I'll go so far as say, we have an expectation of announcing some more transactions. And I think that's a probably near-term expectation. So, what we're interested in doing is expanding our footprint internationally and I would look for some more announcements that support that.
Charlie Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then shifting to the money transfer segment, could you elaborate a bit on what type of EBIT growth you may expect? It's very rare to hear price increases in the money transfer business, what gives you confidence in the EBIT growth for '09?
Joe Hyde: Thats simply a function of the current pricing that we have already versus the average pricing that we've had during the course of fiscal 2008. We dont need to raise pricing during fiscal '09 to hit those numbers, I think thats an important point. Pricing needs to stay generally stable, even could come down some and we still will likely achieve, we expect to see strong growth. It's also a function of this lower branch count, where we closed a significant amount of unprofitable branches and that will aid us in fiscal '09 as well. 
Charlie Murphy - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thanks.
Operator: We got a David Koning with Robert W. Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird:  Yeah, hey, guys. First of all Joe, I think you mentioned that amortization expense might double or maybe a little more than that with the U.K. acquisition. That would imply something like that $0.25 delta between GAAP, EPS in the way that several of your, I guess loose kind of financial Tech comps report their cash EPS. Is that something you would ever consider, given I guess guidance to look closer to the   250 plus maybe range under that scenario?
Joe Hyde: Well, first let me, say that the additional amortization expense, remember this is a joint-venture and we will only be booking 51% of the earnings. So that the - so now all of that necessarily close to the bottom-line. In terms of cash EPS, its something that we can consider, we have not in the past, because our amortization has been relatively small. But we will evaluate that for our next fiscal year.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Okay, good, and then secondly, I guess I am still not perfectly clear on the tax rate versus the minority interest line, should we think of the tax rate now being in the high 30s in the minority interest line, I guess actually U.K. being a little lower of a drag in expense?
Joe Hyde: I'm sorry, can you - I'm not sure I understand your question. Can you
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Yes I can. Sure. I guess, first of all should we expect the tax rate now to stay somewhere in the high 30s and then conversely the minority interest drag being a little lower?
Joe Hyde: Our average effective tax rate after minority interests for the year is within the mid 30% range, I believe it was 35.5%. If you again, adjusting for the taxes that are embedded in minority interest line, we are having concerns about adjusting for that. We have a schedule in our 10-K and Jane Elliott can also help you to recalculate that. The 35% is kind of the baseline number. And for next year, we'll likely get a benefit from the UK acquisition because tax rates are somewhat lower in that market.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: And then just finally, if we just look at the Canadian currency today, I mean take that going forward, you would have a slight benefit again this year relative to last year. But are you just trying to be I guess a little conservative in guidance by assuming a little bit of drag?
Joe Hyde: The foreign currency in Canada ran up so much during the course of this year, and we looked at foreign currency forecast on either Bloomberg or other sources, and most forecast are assuming that that rate is just not sustainable to stay up at high it is which is basically paired with the U.S. dollar. And with the expectation for higher interest rates in the U.S. during the later part of the year or even the mid part of our fiscal year, there is an expectation that the FX rate will come down some to more of a mid-90 level. And we don't know what FX rates are going to be, while obviously continue to break out the FX impact for us. But I think it's prudent to not assume that that will continue for fiscal '09.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Yeah. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Dan Perlin of Wachovia.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Thanks. During the past when you guys have done acquisition, I think, I lift myself, I've over modeled on the revenue growth expectations and it seems like you always were going to pruning some part of the business or adjusting it to your liking and then always cause the initial revenue number to be a little bit lower. Are you going to have to do with the HSBC, you made it sound like they run it on their own and you were just kind of going to add some firepower to it but I'd like to get your thoughts on that?
Paul Garcia: Well, Dan, typically some of these deals they've had credits for customers that we thought were not reasonable credits and we've kind of pruned this portfolios. So it's in pretty good shape. This has not been growing, the big growing is about where the market was growing, so they were kind of keep in share and not necessarily gaining or losing and we believe we can grow at much more significantly. So if anything, we're hopeful that we'll accelerate this and you shouldn't see it deep downward, you should see some growth. But once again, we have (inaudible). So this isn't something you do in a week or month or quarter. It's going to take time (inaudible) all the things that we have plans for this business and have those been approved.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Okay. But when you say you put some lower credits, does that imply that you gave account year of seven number of 220 including those credits that number may be a little bit lower and you can grow faster than the single digit, are we still going to, again I was still in the financial revenue basis had over model that. So, I just want to make sure I am clear on it and I will start this one around?
Paul Garcia: That's great question. Let me be clear. We'll be growing off the 229 number.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Okay. That number includes. And then as you thought about your budget into 2009 before for this acquisition particular, how should we think about the EBITDA expansion, is it heavily weighted to the back half of the year, is this going to queue up gradually throughout the year? Can you use comment about the progression there?
Paul Garcia: We're not starting any significant fluctuations. I mean there is always fund level of seasonality. The growth may be somewhat higher toward the end of the year but really not seen, not expecting a major difference among the quarters.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: And there is no abnormality to seasonality in UK for this current portfolio?
Paul Garcia: I thought that we haven't even known the business for a month. I am sure there is some level of seasonality and the summer months tend to be of higher than they were going amongst excluding the impact of holidays. But I really don't have a good sense for what to expect and the seasonality until we own the business for a few quarters and really have a deep dive understanding of the financial drivers.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: And did you say, I think, I missed this. But in the merchant services EBIT this quarter, there wasn't sort of tax benefit included in that, was there? The class for the 7 million benefit, was that one in this quarter?
Joe Hyde: No, there wasn't.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: No, there wasn't, right. So 38% tax rate this quarter was a function of you calculating it differently on the minority interest line or what made it this drive up so high sequentially and even year-over-year?
Joe Hyde: Again, if you look at it on a before minority interest, it looks like it went up 600 basis points compared to last year of 33%.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: But it only went up 200 basis points when we adjust for that roughly.
Joe Hyde: That's right.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: So what drove that I guess is my question?
Joe Hyde: In last year's fourth quarter, we had about 200 basis points worth of favorable impact from income tax statue expirations and other tax planning items. Our Czech generic operating tax rate excluding any kind of one-time items was 35% this year, it was 35% last year.
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Yeah, you said that, I'm sorry I missed that. And then lastly, if you are thinking about allocating capital to the various business segments, I mean, I think it's pretty clear the domestic money transfer is not going to get a bunch. You did make some acquisitions in European piece. But how would you describe allocating to call it your Asia-Pacific joint venture versus UK versus the traditional Central and Eastern Europe footprint, where you are going to throttle up mostly?
Paul Garcia: Yes. I think that - those are all our favorite children you just named. So we will try to give as much love as we can do to all of them. In east and central Europe we do have some big plans there. We are - obviously Asia pacific we are excited with the revenue growth and we have a lot of high expectations of expansions in that market. Obviously what we are doing an HSBC is all about investment and focus and execution. So those are all - and in domestically similar. I mean we are still getting some great growth from particularly some for strong ISO partners and we tend to add some more. In fact the one exception is the we are putting some money into the money transfer business but its not getting the lions share.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia: And then a one quick, two quick questions. Reprising on the ISOs that the [EU?] resigned, can you just give us some sense of price concession they you had give single, low single digits?
Paul Garcia: I would say modest.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia: Modest.
Paul Garcia: Frankly, these guys are pretty big, and they are already are benefiting from some pretty good pricing. But there is always something different for each one and we are not could be specific, but everybody want something that's important to them, a different product, access to something and you know your customer. So I'm not suggesting that we dont offer same set of our incentives but they are not necessarily pricing oriented.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia: Right. Got it. Okay, and let that be my last one. Thank you.
Paul Garcia: Thanks.
Joe Hyde: Thanks Dan.
Operator: We go next to Robert Dodd, Morgan Keegan.
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan.:  Hi guys. If you go back to the currency issues and given the sensitivity on to the Canadian exchange rate, I mean can you give us bit more of a quantitative answer that what you putting in for Forex for this year and 09. And if we look at this last quarter, you said about $0.05 exchange rate change about $0.10 year-over-year. On an annual basis the penny on the exchange rates seems to be about $0.02 on earnings. That's pretty frankly, probably more significantly HSBC JV, if you dont give us more color on what that number is, what number is baked into the guidance statements.
Joe Hyde: For fiscal 09, there is not a significant impact that we are forecasting. If the exchange rate stay where are today, we'll get less to $0.10 in the first quarter and in that profit [will be there]. There are forecasts out there that show that, that range would may, modestly decline kind of radically through the end of fiscal 09. we are talking major changes but it may be a bit of a drag maybe of a 1% or 2% on earnings per share. But again we said historically we not going specifically quantify the FX rate that we are assuming, but its not - we are not assuming a major shift.
Paul Garcia: So Robert, that's a very fair point. However, I mean it's in fact you see FX improvements to our benefits and that would an offside. If you - so it can go down significantly and you knew we baked in some decline, but we didnt bake in a significant decline, that would be a negative and we'll give as much color on that per quarter as we can.
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan.: Okay, thank you. Another one on Canada, actually if we look in Q4, just for the currency change over here. Its looks like the business was up in the low 20% range in local currency with only 3% transaction growth. I mean that seems to indicate very high benefit on pricing. Are you planning on giving any of that back, as we go forward or can we carry a pretty healthy price increase to divest as well, at least through three quarters of '09.
Paul Garcia: Its a little more complicated than that because it is not actually a pricing increase. There is nothing really to give back, but how you calculate the changes and interchange of the associations put in, there could be some tweaking that could result in us enjoying less going forward and so we have baked that in as well. So our forecast, our annual guidance does consider less than it could from Canada going forward from that aspect as well.
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan.:  Okay, thank you.
Paul Garcia:  Welcome.
Operator:  We got next Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Hi, thanks.
Paul Garcia: Hi Tien-tsin. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Thanks. Couple of follow-up questions I guess on the ISO side. Any change in the contribution margin from the ISO channel in the fourth quarter, I think you mentioned that the pricing on the renew are so modest. I guess this year we should assume any change in contribution margin in 09 from the ISO channel?
Joe Hyde :  Hi. In the fourth quarter a there wasn't a significant change from were we were during the first nine months of the year.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Okay and then same with 09, I guess sounds like with no major renewals coming up, a modest impact there, feels like things are relatively stable.
Joe Hyde:  Yes, I mean its always going to be a competitive market, but we are not looking. We are not baking in any kind of major shifts in margin up or down.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan:  Okay and then just to be clear on the U.K side, should we not assume any incremental investments on the front end as you bring this business in to Global?
Paul Garcia: Part of the CapEx that Joe outlined are the spend for the coming year is going to include the work to converge of the back ended of HSBC U.K, together with the work thats being done in Asia. Now Asia is much more complex, because there is a lot more units to have to convert whereas the U.K is a single site, but is rough on merchants. So, you'll see spending but thats already been factored into the guidance in capital.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay. And then Joe, can you remind us again, I am sorry, how you're funding the UK deal in your debt levels now post the deal?
Joe Hyde: We used $214 million of excess cash. We used $200 in term loan which is a five-year deal and we used $25 in borrowings under our existing credit facility. So, those amounts may fluctuate somewhat but at least as of the day of closing, we had $225 million of debt.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Got it. And then, Paul, maybe just very quickly, how big rolled it the step of play in your consideration to acquire the business on the UK side?
Paul Garcia: I have to say not neutral, I think it's a major upside, but (inaudible) didn't exist. We would still jumped into this thing. This is just a very sweet deal. It's good for HSBC. It's good for us. It's just a sweet deal. (inaudible) is kind of icing on the cake.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay, good to know. Then lastly just a clarification and I'll jump off. Asia-Pac, I think you mentioned that you're expecting growth to moderate, do you mean moderations to the pro forma growth rate, that's I think in the high-20s?
Paul Garcia: Yeah, I think what we were saying is that, yeah, basically, I mean, we are saying that this business is not going to sustain that level of growth as it gets bigger and bigger and bigger and that's all what we are just cautioning not to model that, I think everyone kind of got that.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Got it. Thank you.
Paul Garcia: You're welcome.
Operator: We will go to Franco Turrinelli with William Blair & Company.
Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company: Hi, Paul. Hi, Joe.
Paul Garcia: Hi, Franco
Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company: Two real quick ones. I think most of my questions have been asked. Joe, what's the amortization piece of depreciation, amortization?
Joe Hyde: How much is it?
Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company: Yeah,
Joe Hyde: In the quarter? I don't have that in front of me. I believe that's roughly $15 million or so per year but let me look for that then I can.
Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company: I think that's again Paul mentioned or if you mentioned that the amortization would approximately double, that's what I was trying to get a handle on.
Joe Hyde: The amortization in the quarter was $4 million and for the full year, was $15 million and assets were approximately double, it's not a precise number. I think actually will be higher than that. My only point was that that line is going to significantly grow and I think that the question was on the EBITDA margin, what else were you missing. But there is dead piece between EBITDA and operating income which is the amortization.
Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company: Right, no, exactly. And I think this is important to kind a pull out the amortization plus the depreciation. Thanks. I don't mean to be dump here, but you've had HSBC or we should model it as of the end of June, kind of July, two months in the first quarter of the fiscal '09 year?
Joe Hyde: Two months in the first quarter. That's correct.
Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company: Great.
Joe Hyde: Well, 11 months during fiscal '09.
Franco Turrinelli - William Blair & Company: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Congratulation.
Joe Hyde: Thanks Franco.
Operator: We will go to Wayne Johnson, Raymond James.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Hi, good afternoon.
Paul Garcia: Hey, Wayne.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: To go back to the G2 platform, the conversion rate there, is that a little bit faster than you told us about a couple of quarter ago, did I here correctly. I guess this is my question that everything in Asia should be converted by, did you say by fiscal 2010 or did you say, what did you say on that? I apologize.
Paul Garcia: I think in the script that I believe Joe read, he was talking about the conversions -- back end conversions being done by 2010. The Asia funding conversions which would be G2 and we still have some dependencies but the current thinking is early to mid fall that we will begin front end conversions we've already started factoring for, that efforts will also begin for the UK operations.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Okay.
Joe Hyde: So I think the way the longest short it is, is on scheduled if we didn't done. If we did you sense that was taken longer than that, it's not, it's on that schedule and we are on scheduled.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Well, then that's good new and I so I guess my follow-up question is what impact on margin does that have?
Joe Hyde: Will it have at that point? We haven't given that fiscal 10 guidance, that's a good try, but way it will be material, so, stay tuned.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Okay, terrific. Thank you very much.
Joe Hyde: Welcome.
Operator: We will go to James Friedman with Susquehanna.
James Friedman - Susquehanna: Hi, thank you. Most of my questions have been answered but just for modeling purposes, Joe, if you could help us with some more precision about what we should be anticipating for interest expense for 2009?
Joe Hyde: Well, again we are not going to break out specific amount, but we actually had $25 million of incremental debt that we did not have this past year. We have most of that under the term loan. Our expected interest rate should be in low-to-mid single digit range and that should help in your modeling.
Paul Garcia: And James to further complicate that we are hopeful that we will do some deals too, so that number is going to be moving around.
James Friedman - Susquehanna: Understood. And then with regard to the amortization, what is the assumed useful life in the amortization of the goodwill?
Paul Garcia: We will have all of that detail in the 10-K, I have to read it, I believe its 12 or 13 years but again please see our year 10-K.
James Friedman - Susquehanna:  Okay. Then the last thing is should there be a material change, I am sorry if I missed this really, but should there be a material change in the minority interest line item, which was $10.9 million relative to the acquisition?
Joe Hyde:  Relative to the U.K, acquisition?
James Friedman - Susquehanna:  Yes.
Joe Hyde:  Not in the fourth quarter of this year, but for fiscal 2009 that minority interest lines will grow significantly.
James Friedman - Susquehanna:  Okay, maybe we can discuss that off-line?
Joe Hyde:  Okay, absolutely.
Operator:  We go to Bob Napoli, Piper Jaffray.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  Thank you. If a few follow-ups. Canada was the pricing change done at the - what was the date or was it for the full quarter?
Paul Garcia:  No it wasn't. I think it was the April, show the record. So it was April, May so only two months of the Q4, Bob.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. Thank you and the, I mean have you havent really said how accretive, I mean you said that the HSBC deal will be accretive in the first year. Can you quantify that and does that include the amortization expense?
Paul Garcia:  Yes, it is accretive with the amortization expense. We havent quantified, because we are not certain at this point, the extent of growth, the extent of investment and there is a lot moving pieces here, other than that we are sure of accretion.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  Okay, You mean to say less than a dime probably in the first year or something like that?
Paul Garcia:  I am not going to guess.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  All right. And then just on the acquisition market and strategy with, I mean, I just wanted to be given a update on what kind of opportunities you are seeing and I know international is most attractive to your eyes, even though some of the distress you are seeing in the market and obviously here in the U.S., we have a number of banks that are maybe spinning off some assets here and there. But it doesn't sound like those are of interest to you, at this point. And is I would think that you are interested in primarily, directly in merchant acquiring or is there anything else broadly strategically thats of interest to you?
Paul Garcia: We are almost primarily and exclusively interested in merchant acquiring. We will say exclusively interested in merchant acquiring, but we are interested in - in all the countries we operate in, including the States and financial institutions are making decisions and that's of interest to us. Obviously, we are very focused in Europe and Asia as well.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Okay and then in the U.S. credit/ debit the kind of growth trends. Have you seen a divergence in the trajectory of growth between the two. Obviously debit is growing a lot faster than credit is. But I just wondered if you saw a divergence, if debit was relatively steady and you are seeing a fall off in credit?
Paul Garcia: We look at all those statistics that the associations report. Our portfolio is slightly different. It's not as debit centric as the universe of business. So we don't track exactly. But we think the trends that generally you are seeing, we are seeing as well.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just last question. I don't know if you can give this number. The transaction growth in the - for money transfer in the U.S. in the May quarter.
Joe Hyde: Is about 1% for the quarter.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: 1%. Thank you.
Paul Garcia: You are welcome.
Operator: We go to Ed Antoian with Chartwell.
Ed Antoian - Chartwell: Hi guys, if you could make this quick. I have to go eat dinner.
Paul Garcia: Ed, we won't hold you from your repast.
Ed Antoian - Chartwell: Thank you. But if you could just give us the, maybe just a minute on where are the margin opportunities in Asia-Pac and what do you have to do to get there, other than just transferring to the integrated system?
Paul Garcia: I think that is a big one. So you don't want to underestimate that. But and we have also made huge investments in sales people. We have 300 sales people in Asia and they are not entirely paying for themselves particularly in areas like China. So, you have to build critical mass in that business. So its about its about growing revenues more aggressively. Its about having the systems to appropriately appraise your merchants. In some cases we are disadvantaged because the associations are changing, assessments and the interchanges and our system can't necessarily keep up with them on until such time as we can make conversion on that. And thats at a disadvantage. So it is all those factors and its going to take some time. I mean this is definitely a building year. In this fiscal year end, we are going to see margin improvements in Asia and this would build. I think long-term these would be accretive margins to our overall merchant margins.
Ed Antoian - Chartwell: Only because you guys have told us to expect growth rates to slow down, organic growth rate to slow down in fiscal 09 and I assume going forward, what does it take then to increase productivity of the sales people and is that not almost conflicting with your statement that organic growth will slow?
Paul Garcia: I think I commented, that we have in script it was that it was at 40% something per forma and we are saying, thats a long number. I mean that's big number. What I said is we believe this business can growth at a 30% sustainable rate and sustain accretive margin and we are standing by that. Thats not going to happened right away. The business was barely growing here when we took it. So it is de-growing, but its - we are cautious with our guidance going forward, other then generally bullish on the business.
Ed Antoian - Chartwell: Let me just to clarify if I can ask someone that question and correct me if I'm wrong, but you said pro forma revenues in Asia-Pac were up how much in the quarter.
Paul Garcia:  41 I think.
Joe Hyde: The reported number was 41% and
Ed Antoian - Chartwell: But the pro forma growth was?
Joe Hyde: The pro forma growth was 27% for the fiscal year.
Ed Antoian - Chartwell: Okay. And I thought that was the growth rate that you were referring to that couldn't be sustained?
Joe Hyde: Yeah. No, I think reflect in my comment, I think didn't say that. And what I was focusing more on was not being pinned down for a precise growth rate until we get a little bit more, a little more information behind us number one. And number two. I was referring to the higher number clearly that something that we couldn't sustain.
Ed Antoian - Chartwell: Okay. Fair enough. It's a good clarification. Thank you.
Operator: We will go to Tom McCrohan with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Tom McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: Just two quick questions. One, the clarification actually, the guidance that you provided in the past on the revenue details guidance, we didn't provide it today. Did you say when once when asked previously that we can expect you to start giving that granular guidance going forward next quarter or is that not going to happen?
Paul Garcia: Our approach is to give guidance for total revenue and for total EPS and to discuss the actual results in a reasonable level that our detail kind of consistent with how we've done and explained variances and give color for where we think the amounts will go but now to put a specific quantified amount out by channel for fiscal '09.
Tom McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Sorry than been so numb on this. So in the past you would say like domestic direct high teens, the low 20% growth that kind of color, that you are not going to do anymore, correct?
Paul Garcia: That's correct.
Tom McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: Great, okay. And for the Canada -- sorry the UK alliance now with HSBC, there is that 229 number that you kind of gave on the revenue side for calendar '07, is there anything in addition to the revenue like margins that you can discuss with us, if not specific, just on the relative basis like what are the margins higher or lower relative to kind of domestic business?
Joe Hyde: The color we gave on the margin was that the EBITDA margin is higher than our total company EBITDA margin in today. This is very profitable high cash flow business. As Paul said we've only had the business for a month. We like that commence for at least a few more quarters and before we really give the more quantifying expectations for what we have.
Tom McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Joe Hyde: Thanks.
Operator: We will go to Adam Frisch with UBS.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Hey, guys, a follow-up, sorry for being kind of thinking ahead on this but chosen from some of the e-mails I've got for final, I think I am alone here. Talk to us a little bit about the HSBC acquisition, our margins for the company going up in '09 versus '08 and how much of that is due to things that are with the core business like merchant service things that are kind of in your control and not having anything to do with FX and stuff like that. I think we don't get that point clarify, there's going to be some confusion out there tomorrow.
Paul Garcia: Well, Adam, I think we are trying to do is not give specific margin guidance. But if you look at the actual results for fourth quarter as a company, our margin actually increased fourth quarter this year versus fourth quarter last year. There wasn't margin increase. We understand it's our job to increase our margins across the board. We do feel comfortable giving EBITDA guidance and the HSBC is absolutely piece of that, but I dont know fair to give the granularity that you are asking for in that question.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Can I ask you this way, the amortization according to your 10-K is in your COGS, correct?
Paul Garcia: Yes, that's correct.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. So what you're saying is your EBIDTA margin is going up despite the fact that your cost in your COGS line, the amortization is going to go from 15 to something like 30 plus and despite that increased cost, you're still increasing your margin. Is that the message we should take away from this?
Joe Hyde: Yes, on the EBIDTA level for the total company that's our expectation.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. So additionally I had a problem, the fact that weren't giving granular guidance on business segment level. I thought that was the step away and I think that raised some concerns. But what you are saying is the company x even though you are including amortization cost in your COGS, will still be more profitable in '09 than it is in '08?
Joe Hyde: You're asking if the EBIDTA margin is going to go up in fiscal '09? Yes. We expect it will including the impact of HSBC.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. That mitigates somewhat the fact that you are giving granular guidance on each segment. I'm glad, I cleared that up. The only other question I had was the tax rate in '09. Joe, did you say that's going to be 35%?
Joe Hyde: I said that 35% is kind of the baseline for this year and it will likely come down just from a mix perspective because the UK deal will be a large part of our business and the [UK tax rate] are in the high 20%, low 30% range. So we will likely come down from the 35%.
Adam Frisch - UBS: To what number?
Joe Hyde: Again, we are not going to give the specific amount for that guidance. We will give revenue and EPS guidance and we will explain our tax rate on an actual basis by quarter without giving a finite expectation for next year.
Adam Frisch - UBS:  Okay, dont want to believe in the plan and I know its getting pretty late in the hour and my last question is why the change in guidance strategy. I think some people will probably want to know why you guys are changing it a little bit?
Paul Garcia :  Adam thats a fair question. How we manage our company, I mean we manage our top-line growth, we manage our EPS growth. And this is becoming a big company with a multinational footprint and there is a lot of moving pieces, but that's primarily what we focus on and I think EBITDA is a reasonable measures as well. So we said okay, what we focused on as a management team, what do we feel comfortable giving a guidance on and that's what we are doing. And now of course on actuals we will drill as much as reasonable, but so that's we feel comfortable with and I hope you do as well.
Adam Frisch - UBS:  Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will take our last question from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Afterwards, Mr Garcia will give his closing statement.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: Thank you, good afternoon and thanks for including me in the last queue here. I dont want to believe this, but I dot want to go back to what I think is probably the major thing in the quarter and I an not sure I got an answer upto the last hour actually. The Merchant Services is just being down about 150 bps year-over-year, with the strong benefits from Canada pricing and the FX. I am just trying to reconcile, why the margins were down so much with that significant incremental benefit in Canada are there are couple of things that sort of call out, were there incremental investments in the quarter you will find in next year? I am just trying to understand that?
Joe Hyde: The margin decline in the quarter was a function of our ISO growth, which is contributing our operating income dollars and we are growing market share in that channel, but its a lower margin channel compared to the rest of our revenue and as a result its has a reported unfavorable impact on the margins, other than that there really was no other item that would have driven that unfavorable.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: So it's really the same dynamics that have been going for the last 6,7,8 quarters?
Joe Hyde: Yes, yeah.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: And which is probably sustainable going forward all else equal into '09.
Paul Garcia: Well, we think with the exception of a big margin accretive acquisition into the ranks that will have an impact on the impact that the ISOs has. So that's the kind of message. You know, Glenn I'm delighted we had a chance to take one more crack at this because we look at this as - we're thrilled with 11% to 16% EPS guidance and will all the moving parts and with an economy that has some storm clouds on the horizon, we're pretty proud of ourselves with that. And we also believe that we clearly understand it's our job to drive our margins but giving a granular forecast and having that kind of leisure like discussion on those margins that kind of fluctuate monthly for us, we just think it was necessarily helpful for the investors and we'd like to kind of move the focus to what's our earnings growth and so that's one of the motivations here.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: Are you going to still be reporting a merchant and money transfer margins going forward?
Joe Hyde: Yes we will.
Paul Garcia: Yeah, now what, this is how, Glenn, as we point, this is not about what we report. This is about guiding for a full year.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: Okay, okay I'll leave it at that. Thanks
Paul Garcia: Thank you. Okay operator I think that concludes all of the calls in queue. So I want to thank you for joining us on our call today. We appreciate as always your support of Global Payments and we hope to see all of you at the New York stock exchange on October 15th for our annual investor conference. Thank you so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 9:00 pm and ending at 9:00 pm on August 7, 2008. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial 888-203-1112 or international participants can dial 719-457-0820. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-03-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Garcia  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer James Kelley  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Joseph Hyde  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jane Elliott  Vice President of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Kartik Mehta  FTM Midwest Charles Murphy  Morgan Stanley David Koning  Robert W. Baird Adam Frisch  UBS Securities Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray  Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan Tim Willi  Avondale Partners Glen Greene  Oppenheimer Wayne Johnson  Raymond James Pat Burton  Citigroup Greg Smith  Merrill Lynch Liz [Dawson]  Goldman Sachs Daniel Perlin - Wachovia 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments third quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will open the lines for questions and answers. If you should require assistance during this call please press *0. As a reminder todays conference will be recorded.  At this time Id like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead, Maam. 
Jane Elliott:  Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2008 third quarter conference call. Joining me on the call today are Paul Garcia, Chairman, President and CEO, Jim Kelley, Senior EVP and COO and Joe Hyde, EVP and CFO.  Before we begin Id like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. For these statements we claim the protection of the Safe Harbor for Forward Looking Statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While these statements reflect our best current judgment, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10K. We undertake no obligation to revise any of these statements to reflect future circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to normalized results which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflects comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our form 8K dated today, March 27, 2008, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.GlobalPaymentsInc.com.  Now Id like to introduce Paul Garcia. 
Paul Garcia:  Thank you Jane. Good afternoon everyone. Before I begin I know most of you have heard about the tragic passing of our colleague Raul [Lamon] who served as President of our Money Transfer segment. Last weekend Raul was involved in a fatal car accident in Mexico. He was a visionary and superb executive and a good friend. Raul will be greatly missed. As a credit to Raul his management team is deep. To that end, George [Zalinsky] will assume responsibility for North America and Jose [Salinas] will continue to run Europe. Both George and Jose have been with DolEx since its inception and will report to Jim Kelley.  Moving now to our financial results. We are pleased with our third quarter performance. For our third quarter our revenue grew 19% to $310 million and our normalized diluted earnings per share grew 5% to $0.44.  Our growth was primarily driven by solid performance in our merchant services segment. In addition our money transfer segment had improved revenue growth primarily due to recent favorable pricing trends.  Now lets look at the segment details.  Starting with our merchant segment, our ISOs continue to drive strong organic growth in our domestic direct channel. Our credit and debit card transactions grew 27% for the quarter with the revenue growth of 26%. Based on these results we are raising our expectation for fiscal 2008 revenue growth to the low to mid 20% range for our domestic direct channel.  In Canada our credit and debit card transactions grew 3% while our revenue grew 12% as anticipated. Revenue growth was largely driven by a favorable Canadian currency exchange rate. In addition, we expect to benefit from pricing initiatives related to changes in the Canadian Market Interchange structure starting in April 2008 with the majority of the benefit to be realized in fiscal 2009.  Based on this expected benefit and a continued strong Canadian currency exchange rate, we are raising our fiscal 2008 revenue growth expectation to the mid-teen percentage ratings for our Canadian channel.  Our Asia Pacific channel had strong revenue growth of 29% for the quarter. Due to these results, we are increasing our expectation for fiscal 2008 revenue growth for this channel to 44% to 47% on a reported basis, or the low to mid 20% range on a pro forma basis.  This growth reflects solid momentum gained from our continual sales, initiatives and investments in addition to strategic pricing initiatives and a positive turn in our revenue growth from Taiwan.  We continue to make operational progress on our goal to be fully converted from HSBCs back and front end system platforms by calendar 2010.  Our Central and Eastern European channel had revenue growth of 18% for the third quarter with growth in credit and debit card transactions of 13%. Our revenue growth was driven by a favorable year-over-year Czech currency exchange rate and solid transaction growth. This growth was partially offset by the de-conversion of the previously discussed large customer and to a lesser extent pricing reductions granted on contract renewals.  Based on the continued strong Czech currency exchange rates, we are raising our fiscal 2008 revenue growth expectation to the low to mid-teen percentage range.  Our domestic, indirect and other revenue declined 8% during the quarter as anticipated primarily due to industry consolidation. We expect a fiscal 2008 revenue decline in the mid-single digit to high single-digit percentage range for this area.  Moving on to the money transfer segment. In the U.S. our transactions grew 8% for the quarter while our revenue increased 4%. These improved results are primarily due to the anniversary of last years competitive domestic pricing environment in addition to steady transaction growth.  Although pricing trends in this business can change quickly, we are very encouraged by the stability of the current pricing environment.  During the quarter we closed a number of unprofitable domestic branches and we ended the quarter with 825 domestic DolEx locations. In Europe we ended the quarter with 71 branches compared to 57 locations last year.  For the quarter we achieved 27% transaction growth and 33% revenue growth in this channel. For fiscal 2008 we continue to anticipate money transfer segment revenue growth in the high to mid single-digit percentage range.  Ill now ask Joe to further discuss our financial results.  Joe? 
Joseph Hyde:  Thank you, Paul. In our press release we included GAAP income statements and schedules that reconciled GAAP to normalized results. Our third quarter GAAP results include a non-recurring, non-cash operating tax item of $7 million that reduced our SG&A expenses. The impact of this item has been excluded from our normalized results.  We were pleased with the performance of our core businesses during the quarter. Our merchant services normalized operating income grew 5% to $65.1 million. These results were better than expected due to the strong revenue growth that Paul discussed in addition to lower than anticipated operating expenses.  In particular, we did not see a slow down in our U.S. revenue growth during the quarter as the result of the economic environment. Our ISO growth was steady during the quarter and we saw a modestly higher growth in our direct sales channel due to improved sales force effectiveness.  As expected, the successful market penetration and high growth in our ISO channels lowered our total company operating margins on a reported basis during the quarter.  Importantly, however, our contribution margin from this channel has remained steady with the prior year and our contribution income has grown over the year. Also in the U.S. our operating expenses were lower than planned which includes a benefit from our facility consolidation program and lower than expected merchant operating losses from credit and debit card processing.  As expected, we also received a foreign currency benefit during the quarter similar to the level we saw in our second quarter. Partially offsetting these favorable impacts were non-recurring, Canadian Card Association incentive payments received in last years third quarter in addition to higher losses in our check guarantee channel compared to the prior year. Both of these items were previously discussed and anticipated and we expect our check guarantee loss trend to improve during the fourth quarter.  Looking ahead at our merchant services segment we expect an operating margin between 25.2% and 25.4% for fiscal 2008.  Moving now to money transfers. This segments operating income was $1.2 million for the quarter, which was consistent with our second quarter results. This is significant because we have historically experienced a sequential decline in earnings between the second and third quarters as the third quarter has seasonally lower money transfer volume.  We also incurred costs during the quarter associated with the unprofitable branch closures that Paul discussed. As such we are encouraged by our money transfer results for the quarter and we are beginning to see a stabilization of this business. If the improved pricing and steady transaction growth trends that Paul discussed continue during our fourth quarter we would expect to see growth in money transfer earnings and operating margin in that period compared to the prior year.  For fiscal 2008, we are expecting a money transfer operating margin in the mid to high single-digit percentage range.  Our corporate expenses increased 2% during the quarter and we continue to expect fiscal 2008 expense growth ranging from 0% to growth in the low single-digits. We also expect a fiscal 2008 total company normalized operating margin of 18.9% to 19.1%.  For our non-operating line items, we expect the following for fiscal 2008. $12 million to $13 million in interest income net of interest expense, $8.5 million to $9.5 million for minority interest net of tax, an effective tax rate of between 33.3% and 33.5% and average diluted shares of approximately $81 million.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $9 million which primarily related to technology and merchant terminal spending. For fiscal 2008 we continue to expect capital expenditures of $40 million to $50 million.  Moving to the balance sheet our reported cash increased to $388 million due to strong cash flow generated during the quarter, partially offset by timing differences related to settlement processing as expected.  Excluding our merchant reserve funds and other operating cash, we had approximately $170 million in excess cash at quarter end. Our primary strategy for this excess cash is to focus on new acquisitions which we believe represent the highest potential return for our shareholders, in addition to future share repurchases or other strategic initiatives.  Paul will now discuss our fiscal 2008 guidance.  Paul? 
Paul Garcia:  Thanks Joe. Based on current trends and our ongoing growth strategy, we are raising our revenue guidance for fiscal 2008 to a range of $1,250,000,000 to $1,260,000,000 or approximately 18-19% growth over $1,062,000,000 in fiscal 2007. We are also raising our fiscal 2008 diluted earnings per share guidance to a range of $1.95 to $1.97 reflecting 10-11% growth over our fiscal 2007 normalized diluted EPS of $1.77.  This guidance includes stock option expenses but does not include any other significant acquisitions, restructuring or other charges and the favorable operating tax item that Joe discussed.  I continue to be very confident and enthusiastic about the long-term prospects of Global Payments particularly in our international markets and in the continued strength of our North American merchant channels.  We are expecting robust growth in our fourth quarter with normalized diluted earnings per share ranging from $0.49 to $0.51 or 14-19% growth over the prior year.  Operator, we would now be delighted to take questions. 
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now conduct a question-and-answer session. If you wish to ask a question please press * then 1 on your touchtone telephone. You may remove yourself from the queue at any time by pressing *2. If you are using a speakerphone we do ask that you please disengage your mute function to ensure that our equipment can hear your signal.  Once again, if you do have a question please press *1 at this time.  We will take our first question from Kartik Mehta with FTM Midwest. 
Kartik Mehta  FTM Midwest: Good afternoon. Paul, I wanted to get your thoughts on the ISO business which is obviously doing extremely well. I was wondering what the drivers were? Is it that you just have a few ISOs that are doing extremely well, or is it that you are gaining market share and signing more ISOs or that they are all participating and thats the reason the business is doing so well? 
Paul Garcia:  I think, Kartik, it is a little bit of everything. We do have a number of big ISOs who continue to go from strength to strength, but we are also signing smaller ISOs who I believe are going to be successful and some we signed a couple of years ago who are growing to be quite sizeable themselves. I cant really pin it on one thing other than we are fortunate to have a very robust group of ISO customers. 
Kartik Mehta  FTM Midwest: What is the sustainability do you think of this growth? Obviously comps will get tougher and tougher. I wanted to get your thoughts on the visibility and sustainability of the growth. 
Paul Garcia:  You know, Kartik, I think the law of numbers have to kick in here some time. Quite frankly the ISOs are exceeding our growth expectations in our growth budget. Every year we budget for something less and the ISOs seem to exceed it. I believe they can still sustain above market growth but over time this channel has to slow somewhat. 
Kartik Mehta  FTM Midwest: Paul, I think in your prepared remarks or Joes prepared remarks you said one of the obvious uses for cash will be acquisitions and Im just wondering what is the competition like for acquisitions? How has it changed over the past year? Do you think it is more difficult or less difficult? 
Paul Garcia:  Well Kartik it has changed for a couple of different reasons but I think the biggest of course is the most acquisitive competitor is no longer aggressively pursuing acquisitions. It doesnt mean they arent doing it altogether, but they are less visible in these activities. I also think that sellers have a more realistic, for whatever reason, objective in mind and I think the acquisition pipeline has never been more robust. Im confident we will get some deals done. We promise near term accretion and we promise deals that we can explain to you pretty simply that make sense for our company to fulfill our mission. I hope to deliver on all those promises in the not to distant future. 
Kartik Mehta  FTM Midwest: Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Charlie Murphy with Morgan Stanley. 
Charles Murphy  Morgan Stanley: Paul, in the fourth quarter you anniversary large conversion  are there any deals out there for ISOs that you are bidding on that could help the comps in fourth quarter and into fiscal 2009? 
Paul Garcia:  You know, Charlie, youre right. That is true. We do anniversary a big conversion. We obviously have baked all that in. When we tell you we are expecting a robust quarter we of course have anticipated the benefit of path findings and of course the rest of our business. Im sure the 29% growth in Asia wasnt lost on anyone. We also will be getting a smaller benefit from some of our other activities including Canada. At the end of the day were feeling very good about the fourth quarter. 
Charles Murphy  Morgan Stanley: Okay. As a quick follow-up is it possible to remind us what the benefit to EBIT in the third quarter was from foreign exchange? 
Joseph Hyde:  As I said, it was similar to the second quarter level. It is running between $0.04 and $0.05 of positive impact the past couple of quarters and we would likely expect that in the fourth quarter. 
Charles Murphy  Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from David Koning with Robert W. Baird. 
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: Hi guys. You have mentioned the Canadian interchange benefit the last couple of quarters. I know it kicks in April 1. Im wondering sequentially how big of a benefit that is to Q4 and more importantly on a full year basis how big do you expect that profit benefit to be in Canada? 
Paul Garcia:  You know, Dave, sequentially it wont be that large because it is a partial quarter. We have not finished the whole budgeting process on that so it is a to-be-seen. But we think it will have some impact of some importance for us. We havent really given a lot of specificity on that. When we give our guidance for fiscal 2009 in our July call we will be as specific as common sense and the competitive nature of these things will allow us to be. Thats why Im being a little cagey on that too. You want to have as much full disclosure as you can, but you have to understand you live in a competitive world. Ill just summarize by saying it doesnt have a huge amount of impact in Q4. We do think it has a nice lift for us in 2009 and we have not specified at this point, nor am I prepared to, exactly how much. 
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: Thats helpful. Just one follow-up. In Asia the last couple of quarters you have grown mid to high 20%. I know originally you had talked about strong double-digit growth. Is there any reason the growth was so strong recently? Is this the type of growth that could continue for the foreseeable future? 
Paul Garcia:  Thats a great question. Its all about sustainability. Ive said publicly that I thought the Asia Pacific was a 30% organic grower. I just didnt give specific time frames. Im not prepared to say we can sustain 29% at this point. I was very happy. I will say though that what we have seen in the turnaround in Taiwan I believe is sustainable. We continue to do very well in virtually every market with the exception of India which continues to be very slow for us. In terms of sequential growth in India, in year-over-year in India even that is looking good even though it is a much smaller base. So, I got to tell you Im very pleased. Once again well give some more guidance for 2009 in July on that, but our expectation for Q4 is pretty solid growth in AP. 
David Koning  Robert W. Baird: Alright. Thanks. Great job. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Adam Frisch with UBS. 
Adam Frisch  UBS Securities:  Hey guys. Good afternoon. A couple of quick questions here. SG&A costs, and Im sorry if I missed this on your prior question-and-answer. Ive been bouncing between your call and another one. Your SG&A costs were a little bit higher than we thought. I was wondering if that is a greater commission payout to the ISO channel, or is there some other dynamic going on there? 
Paul Garcia:  Ill give Joe a chance to dig that out and Ill first chide you for saying that there is a call that you would leave us for. Typically a lot of the SG&A growth is ISO growth. It is kind of a barometer of our ISO growth. If you look at SG&A they do track pretty closely. Joe? 
Joseph Hyde:  There wasnt anything in particular in the quarter. The biggest driver as Paul said is the growth in the ISO channel, but I didnt see anything else significant in the quarter. 
Adam Frisch  UBS Securities: Okay. So this then leads me to what the real crux is with your stock and that is great to see the revenue coming back, youre raising your targets and all that kind of stuff and that is great to see but I think the real issue is on margins and if we are going to continue to see compression on the merchant side like we have been in the last couple of quarters or were actually going to see some kind of actual stabilization or some kind of reversal in 2009. So I know Paul you dont want to give formal guidance yet and Im not asking you to but that is whats going to basically determine the direction of your stock I think for the next twelve months. Are you prepared to give directionally what you are thinking for 2009? 
Paul Garcia :  Well I tell you what I can tell you. I can tell you about Q4. We are anticipating a nice bounce in margins in Q4. You havent seen that in a long time, I mean sequential bounce in margin Q3 to Q4. Clearly you didnt see that last year. You saw a little bit of something in 2006, but clearly nothing as robust as we are going to see in fiscal 2008. I think that is reassuring for all of us. Secondly, and the very first question we got from Kartik, is how sustainable is this ISO growth? I think the ISO growth is very important to us, it is very profitable, they are great partners. But over time you cant grow at this amount. As we grow the company around it, the impact on margin from the ISOs is going to be less dramatic and ditto with the revenue were getting from Canada which a lot of that falls to the bottom line. All of that conspires I think for a happy story for 2009. But we are not really prepared to say too much beyond that. 
Adam Frisch  UBS Securities: Okay. So, looking at the May quarter, let me ask you this way, Im not asking the same question but let me ask it a different way. The uptake, the sequential uptake, the year-over-year uptake, is that because of the efforts that you are building around the ISO channel or are there some specific things in the May quarter which are just breaking your way and that is going to add to a higher profitability? 
Paul Garcia:  Excellent question. You got a couple of things. You have Asia, which is now becoming more meaningful. You have good things happening in Europe. Were going to see a nice bounce in DolEx. That foundation has been laid. Youre going to see that. I think those are all material. Youre going to see something from Canada. Joe, anything else youd like to throw into that mix? 
Joseph Hyde:  With the check guarantee losses it was an item specific for this quarter and we dont expect that to be a drag either for the fourth quarter or beyond. 
Paul Garcia:  And I think this is inherent leverage as you well now. Were not adding expenses as quickly as were adding revenue. So youre just going to get an inherent lift that leverage provides. So I think that all that producesI wish I could tell everybody an exact date when the margins start climbing but thats what were working towards. I couldnt agree with you more strongly on your observation about what is holding the stock back. 
Adam Frisch  UBS Securities:  Okay, but all the things you stated for the fourth quarter are not necessarily one-hit wonders, they are longer term trends? 
Paul Garcia:  Every single one of them I mentioned is a longer term. 
Adam Frisch  UBS Securities: Okay. Then the last question I had is on the money transfer business. You said pricing is getting a little better; it looks like we are getting a little bit of a bounce here. Is it something that is sustainable there as well? I know it is a small part of your business and everyone is more focused on the merchant side, but are you generally more optimistic for the next couple of months or are we just saying this is just going to bethe same kind of question as the merchant side. Is this just going to be a temporary thing? 
Paul Garcia:  I think Id be less bullish on answering that one. I think the merchant I could say I see sustainability there. The money transfer business can change. We kind of carefully put in a line of the speech saying that the sustainability of the pricing environment can change. Now, if that does stay with us and were able to sustain these pricing then youre going to see that type of growth. Well also see much better comps in Q4 too. That will continue into next year. We still have some work to do in that channel. Id say stay tuned. 
Adam Frisch  UBS Securities: Thanks a lot. Thanks for the great color. I appreciate it. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Josh Elving from Piper Jaffray. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray : Thanks. Good afternoon. Those were good questions. Those were a lot of my questions. I guess I had a couple of quick ones. I guess on the check and gaming side is that still viewed as a core business line for you? And I think the last time we talked about this last quarter that business was somewhere in the 5-10% revenues. Is that still kind of in that same range? Are you seeing faster or slower growth in that business? 
Paul Garcia:  Ill take the first one and Ill let Joe handle and Jim handle the last. First of all it is core, particularly the gaming part. We really like that business. There are some visible competitors that are struggling a little bit and we are doing what you are supposed to do in a free market and were taking advantage of that. So Im very pleased with that business. In terms of the check guarantee business we remain committed to it. It is not a big business. The gaming has grown from nothing to be a much larger driver of that whole business but taken in its totality it is still like 5%. I mean, its not a big business.  Do you want to add anything Jim or Joe? 
James Kelley:  I would follow-up to say in terms of the sale profits on the direct side and also on some of our ISOs this is a product that they sell together with the bank card services. Our competitors offer in-house solutions as well so I would say it has been core to our main core and the growth rates, the gaming side maybe because of economy more than anything else are a little bit slower than maybe years past, but still it is a great business, great returns and losses there are much less than in the core guarantee business. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray : And then were the third quarter losses kind of in line with what you expected? I know that you guys talked about that last quarter. 
Paul Garcia:  I think they were in line and as Joe said we have taken action internally which generally means price increases to merchants. The contracts on the checks side have tremendous flexibility in adjusting prices if loss rates change materially and we did see that as we have talked about the last couple of quarters and we think we are past the lions share of that and well see improvement into the fourth quarter and beyond. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray : Great. On the Asia Pacific business, it seems to be that we were going to be expecting a little bit of a headwind here in the third quarter and growth was extremely strong and there was some talk of maybe pick up in the fourth quarter. Is it possible to maybe accelerate your growth in the fourth quarter or is that too much information to get into? 
Paul Garcia:  Yeah, I think it is a little too much to that degree. I will say I am pleased with everything that is going on there. Were not telling you were going to get 29% growth in the fourth quarter from Asia Pacific, however, but I think long term this thing is a 30% grower and we are working diligently to get there  sooner than later. I just dont think it starts now and goes forever. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray : I guess I have just one more sticky question. It has to do with the guidance on the tax rate of 33-33.5%. In the third quarter I calculate about a 31% tax rate and Im guessing this has something to do with the tax benefit of this third quarter. Is that kind of included in the outlook or how do we think about that? 
Joseph Hyde:  The lower tax rate in the third quarter did not relate to the one-time operating tax item $7 million. That is a separate issue. We had a reduction in valuation allowances that we had established for certain of our Asia Pacific subsidiaries during fiscal 2007. We were able to release those as a result of higher than expected earnings performance from those subs over the next several years. Those were the biggest impact. A secondary impact was the statutory income tax rates in the Czech Republic were recently lowered. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray : Okay great. Thanks. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. 
Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi. Thank you. Paul, 2008 has obviously been a pretty focused investment year especially in emerging markets and it seems like you are reaping the benefits of some of those investments. Can you just comment of where you think you are in terms of especially with regard to HSBCO, building out the infrastructure, building out the sales apparatus and consequently where we are in the margin progression in the business? I know in the past you have stated it is effectively a loss leader. Im wondering if were nearing the end of that investment cycle or if you think this is something that will persist beyond fiscal 2008, for example? 
Paul Garcia:  The short answer is it does improve but the drag on margin does go beyond fiscal 2008. Here is the headline about it. We are getting a real return on our sales investment. We have something north of 300 sales people. We have opened 14 offices in China. That is expensive but once again that is producing benefit. Obviously prior to the Beijing games this is a big deal. The infrastructure per se is pretty well set. With the exception of India we kind of have what were going to have with just some tweaking. The big benefit will come from getting off of the HSBC system. Right now we have kind of the worst of both worlds. We have all this infrastructure. We have the costs we have here and we have the costs we have there. Until we can eliminate those costs were really not going to get the quantum leap in margins. Over time this business is margin accretive to our corporate margins. That will steadily progress in 2009 and I will make a note to give more color on that if we can in July when we give more guidance. 
Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay thank you. And then with regard to the domestic merchant business it is almost a foregone conclusion and maybe this is in the wake of the success of the Visa IPO that credit card processors and associations, merchant acquires, etc. are effectively immune to consumer spending downturn either by virtue of market share or secular shift in consumer behavior. Can you address that broadly? Clearly the ISO channel has been a driver for global well in excess of the market, but at what point  and maybe its a function of transactions versus payment volume  but at what point does a consumer led recession start to dent your business to the extent that we can see it externally? 
Paul Garcia:  You know, Andrew that is an incredibly important question. It is one I dont have an answer for. All I can say is what we have seen. What we have seen is steady volume. I think for all the reasons you said  consumer behavior, we all know the story about discretionary versus non-discretionary use. We are fortunate that we have a portfolio that is made up of a lot of non-discretionary charges; medical, education, taxation, government services, etc. Those benefit in this kind of economy. I will tell you the day after September 11 when the world stopped spinning we had no transactions whatsoever. Anybody who would suggest a severe downturn doesnt impact merchant acquirers or Visa/MasterCard quite frankly, at least domestically, I think that would be foolish. But I can tell you we havent seen anything of any note. And unlike Visa and MasterCard we are rapidly approaching a significant percentage of our revenues coming from outside of our borders. I think that is a good thing. 
Andrew Jeffrey  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Tom McCrohan with Janney Montgomery Scott. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just have a follow-up on the check guarantee business. What did you see in that business that would lead you to believe that things are getting better, not worse, given what is going on in the economy going in to Q4? Thats all I have, thanks. 
Joseph Hyde:  As Jim said, we have assessed our merchant portfolio and identified those merchants who are higher risk and have higher bounce rates or loss rates. We have gone back and raised those rates. We have changed our risk management approach to those merchants. In that sense you can absolutely control the earnings that you are getting from those merchants. You just simply raise the rates. The third quarter also had a negative impact partially because the third quarter of last year was so low. So two things happened. I just know the fourth quarter of last year was a more normal amount and based on the current trends were seeing already in the current fourth quarter I feel very confident that the type of negative impact we saw in the third quarter will not exist in the fourth quarter. 
Paul Garcia:  I have to add one thing to that just to be clear. Were not suggesting that losses go down. I mean we think the economy still continues. I think that as a percentage of increase over last quarter that is a big part of it and we are, in fact, taking some measures that will have some impact. But were not saying that losses will return to Q1 levels here. But we have taken all that into our forecast. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott: Have you disclosed the allowance for credit losses? 
Joseph Hyde:  Im sorry, Tom, can you say that again? 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott: The allowances for losses? What was it this quarter? 
Joseph Hyde:  It will be in the 10Q but it was roughly $7 million in the third quarter compared to $3.6 million in the quarter last year. We cant take the absolute variance between those because we have also had higher revenue as well. So the earnings difference is not simply the subtraction of those two numbers. But it is a higher number and we had a lower margin in that third quarter compared to the third quarter last year. 
Paul Garcia:  One other thing too which we didnt mention, and this is an important point, the gaming business which is a larger driver of that whole check group has significantly lower balance but even more importantly significantly higher collection rates. So the ability to collect a bounced gaming check is magnitudes higher than a bounced check from a small merchant. 
Thomas McCrohan  Janney Montgomery Scott:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Tien-tsin Huang. Please go ahead. 
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Hi. Thanks. I jumped on a little bit late. The first question I had was on interchange legislation. Paul I was wondering if you had any updated thoughts on that and any impact on global payments given what weve been reading about on the hill? 
Paul Garcia:  Ill do my best. That is HR 5546. This is a wild piece of legislation that is not the clearest document. I think the most aggressive interpretation would tell you that the House is proposing that they control the entire pricing to merchants. I think probably a more reasonable read is they are really talking about interchange. They would appoint some type of panel of expert judges should the parties not agree. It sounds like a train wreck quite frankly. Weve seen this before. We saw it in Australia. I think well meaning legislation poorly drafted but well meaning legislation to supposedly help consumers had just the opposite impact. They lowered interchange dramatically. The banks then went to the consumer and said, You have a rewards card. Youll pay more. You used to get a 30 day free ride. No more. Were going to charge you for this and charge you for that. They recouped their full cost. The retailer got the benefit. The consumer didnt get lower prices from the retailer and got higher prices from the bank. It was exactly what they didnt want to accomplish.  Im a big free market guy. I hope these things die of their own weight. I couldnt imagine how this would work. I personally think it is not going to happen. But I think over time we will see pressures to lower interchange. That at the end of the day is good for us. I think this piece of legislation is terrible. But I think interchange will come down over time and at the end of the day that is very good for acquirers. 
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: I agree. How about the idea of greater transparency around interchange? Do you think there is potential there and what are the implications there for the acquirers? 
Paul Garcia:  I think that Visa/MasterCard is doing their darndest now. They are separate organizations. They have some great governance in place as to how this is done. I think it will kind of just take care of itself over time. Plus there are other products out there that offer zero interchange. I dont know if they have a lot of legs, but it is a competitive world and I think that is all good at the end of the day too. I personally think interchange comes down. I think that is a good thing for everyone. I think it is a good thing for Visa and MasterCard at the end of the day. I think their visibility will only increase. 
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: I agree. The question I guess on their call they gave a lot of interesting data points. They talked about a mixed shift towards the big box retailers, warehousing, etc. They also talked about a mixed shift with pin debit. They also looked like pricing was weaker. Do you see any of those trends as well? Can you guys comment on any of that? 
Paul Garcia:  I read that script several times. I would say we dont do the level of interrogation against the database that First [Adam] may be doing. We do look at absolute numbers, which we shared with you. We havent gone back and done comps or even parts it to big box versus little guys. He seemed to indicate that the little guys were hurting. That would run contrary to what weve seen with our ISOs. It could just be just great growth from our direct business and our ISO business. But Tien I think at the end of the day I think the best thing for us to do is just report and try to give you as much color as we can without trying to equate that to what the economy does overall because I dont think any of us really know that. 
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Very good. Also if you could just follow-up quickly on the Europe operations. I know it is still pretty small but I was hoping you could maybe remind us on the business mix in that segment? I was trying to do some more work there. In particular how much is coming from card issuer processing versus merchant acquiring, the ATM driving, etc. Can you rank that for us in terms of contributions? 
Paul Garcia:  Let me talk about what were trying to do there and then Ill ask Joe or Jim to throw those numbers out. The business is in a 100% indirect at this point. Our hope is to work that to more of a direct model. We have some opportunities to expand into some very attractive geographies. There are some acquisition opportunities we are pursuing all of that. We also have some partnership opportunities with existing financial institutions. It is primarily driven by merchant, followed by ATM and a little bit of equipment sales. Did we share the exact numbers, Joe, in the past? 
Joseph Hyde:  We have a slide on our various road show material either on the website or our most recent investor day where you can get a good sense for the revenue split. I dont have an update at this time. 
James Kelley:  Yeah, I dont want to guess just off the top of my head. 
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: How much of the business is actually generated outside of Czech Republic today? 
Paul Garcia:  It is still pretty Czech Republic focused for now. We are starting to get some meaningful business out of Russia and the Ukraine and Slovakia. A little bit in Poland. We are expanding. We are getting some. 
Joseph Hyde:  It is 10 or 15%. 
Paul Garcia:  Yeah Id say 80% plus is Czech Republic. 
Tien-tsin Huang  JP Morgan: Very good. Thank you as always. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Robert Dodd with Morgan Keegan.
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Hi guys. On the ISO side you mentioned that the contribution margin was stable and profits were up. Can you give us directionally any color on what the margins are going to do within the ISO business? Are they going to grow fast because the bigger ISOs are growing faster? Are they going to expand? What is the movement going to be in that business? 
Joseph Hyde:  I dont know if we can add any more color there. I think our point was that on a contribution basis the margin has been steady and most of the revenue earnings there come from the large core group of ISOs that weve had for many years but I dont believe were in a position to provide you with additional color. 
Paul Garcia:  Robert I can tell you this. Clearly the big ISOs either through contractual abilities because they hit volume thresholds or contracts expire, although were through most of those, they will get concessions and sometimes they just get concessions because they are just good partners and we try to keep every body as happy as we can. They clearly their pricing continues to go down. That is offset somewhat by the leverage in the business. But it is also partially offset by smaller ISOs who grow and who have much higher pricing. One of the reasons we havent parts this thing exactly  you remember we talked about giving you some non-GAAP data. If we did that it would be really competitivelyit would hurt us from a competitive standpoint because someone could get pretty quickly at what their price is. A customer could get pretty quickly at what their price is. I think at the end of the day if your question is do the ISO prices come down for the big guys, of course. Is it replaced with leverage and what weve seen with smaller  I would say to date that is exactly what has happened. 
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Okay. Thank you. Can you give us an update on what the status is on the Discover portfolio both with your direct affiliation and with the ISO reselling that you are doing with the portfolio there? 
James Kelley:  Sure. We started the conversions last September and we converted our direct portfolio as well as our lines with Comerica in September, followed by our four largest ISOs in October. This February we started moving the rest of the base and the expectation is by August. Our phase I which is really all the ISOs that were here about a year or so ago will be complete and then there will be parallel efforts to enable our front end for indirect customers and then any ISOs added after the fact. Most of it will be done by the summer in terms of our direct business and then it will probably complete within the next six months for the rest of them. 
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan:  Thank you. Just one more nit-picky one if I can. On the minority number you had almost $8 million through the first three quarters and you guided $8.5 to $9.5. Thats a pretty substantial decrease in expense in Q4. Can you give us an idea of what is going on? 
Joseph Hyde:  There is some variability in the net and line items particularly that relate to Asia. There is just a lot of moving the pieces. It is not really a reflection of the business itself or performance. It relates to how we are accounting for it and how we are charging certain expenses into the joint venture. But I do agree there is some movement there. 
Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan: Thank you. 
Operator:  Well go next to Tim Willi with Avondale Partners. 
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners: Thank you. I had two questions. One was just a housekeeping one. First could you just go back over what the revenue and transaction growth was in the domestic money transfer? I didnt catch all of that Jeff. 
James Kelley:  Just one second. The domestic money transfer segment the transactions grew 8% for quarter and the revenue grew 4%. 
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners: 4%. Okay. And then is there any way that you could just talk about the progression of the domestic business in terms of transaction run rates as the quarter moved along? I know you talked a lot about pricing and that was probably a nice surprise there, but is there but was there anything relative to transactions that caught your eye as the quarter progressed? 
Joseph Hyde:  Nothing significant. As we said the transactions were fairly steady with the second quarter. I dont have the number in front of me but I believe it was close to 8% transaction growth in the second quarter and we had a revenue decline of 5% in the second quarter. So when you have similar transaction growth and revenue growth of 4% in the third quarter that tells you that the spread in your pricing improved significantly. 
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners: It wasnt like one quarter on transaction growth might have made the entire quarter whereas a couple of other months might have been a little bit weaker than you had thought? It was fairly evenly disbursed in terms of transactions across all the months? Because domestic numbers are fairly bad in January. 
James Kelley:  The transaction rate stayedas Joe said they were relatively constant for well into the last year or so. Weve been trying to maintain the transaction growth rate and weve given up margin as a result of that. That has really been the historical mindset. In the lastwe anniversaried a fairly large decrease a year ago December and we started to stabilize because of factors in the market place coupled with just our desire to see if we could press prices up a little bit. So far we have been able to press them up without sacrificing transaction growth at least at this time. As Joe said in his comments and Paul also reiterated it is a soft fluid market. Right now we feel good about it but it still remains a work in progress. 
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners: If I could just ask one last question on platform conversion over the next couple of years as you move everything over to one platform. Could you maybe just sort of frame looking at the investment you have spent on the new platform and the ongoing benefit you would expect in terms of cost savings or returns. What kind of magnitude would you be thinking? Could you get say $2 of ongoing annual savings once this is all taken care of for every $1 you have invested in building it? Any way to think about that longer term? 
Paul Garcia:  I think were going to be hard pressed to put a metric to savings. We embarked on the G2 platform many years ago really out of necessity. We have platforms that have been with us since really the inception of the previous parent company in D.C. so some of it is just moving to the next generation which is just a requirement to be in the business. We are now also going to benefit from the consolidation of Asia onto these platforms and our Canadian business onto these platforms. So I think you can be assured that what we are spending we are expecting to recover and then some. So they all have returns but to try to give you a metric at this point I think would be a guess that wouldnt have much value anyway. 
Tim Willi  Avondale Partners: Okay thank you. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. 
Glen Greene - Oppenheimer: Thank you. I was going to ask a very similar question that Tim just asked on the platform consolidation. Could you just give us an update on where you are with sort of the time frame? I think you have alluded to previously that you didnt expect much cost benefit in fiscal 2009 it was more of a 2010 issue. Could you just sort of remind us where you are in that process and how to think about the potential benefit? Or are you in response to Tims question sort of backing off of cost savings? 
James Kelley:  No were not backing off of cost savings but to be able to put a metric to $2 to $1 spent or something of that magnitude. I dont know it will ever be that grandular. What I did say there is a return. It is not a dominium return but there is a return on all our investments and this is going to equally be a return not only for the U.S. business but it provides opportunities for savings some of which we have already seen this year which we commented on previously for consolidation of our Canadian business which is on a third party platform for the front end and also the consolidation is underway for Asia onto these platforms. It is all good news. It is going to come over a period of time. It is not something that can occur instantly because we are talking about four front ends in Asia, another front end in Canada, two in the U.S. and then back ends in Asia that needs to be converted and that is going to take several years to complete. 
Glen Greene - Oppenheimer:  Is the time frame still the bulk of it to be completed in 2010ish? 
Paul Garcia:  I think Glen the financial benefit is really we really enjoy that in fiscal 2010 because it comes from a lot of shutting down systems and you cant really do that until you totally complete it. We get a lot of benefits, more customer support systemic benefits, but the real dollars are absolutely in 2010. We havent given exact dollars on this but we have said it is material. It will be material. Our expectation is it will be material. Well give as much guidance when we get a little closer to the event as we can. 
Glen Greene - Oppenheimer: I assume its tracking to your expectations in terms of the whole process at this point? 
Paul Garcia:  I would say that initially if you had asked me that a year ago it was behind. We are back on schedule. Like all big projects what happens is you expand the scope and you fall behind. We have expanded the scope significantly but we are on track and Im feeling darn good about it. In fact we just did a review with the board so Im very pleased where we are. 
Glen Greene - Oppenheimer: Okay. And just a little bit of color on your acquisition focus, Paul? I suspect it is predominantly international but any sort of domestic focus? Whatever magnitude. Whether you do large deals, small deals, all merchant acquiring? Just a little more ground on how you are thinking in terms of your priorities from a strategic perspective. 
Paul Garcia:  Well it would be all merchant acquiring with the exception of maybe adding a little something to DolEx, probably a little more European based. It is merchant acquiring. We would consider opportunities domestically. They would have to meet all our criteria. Most of our focus and most of the names in our pipeline are international. But we wouldnt rule out domestic. We are pretty active. Im hoping to have some real conversations with everyone about these opportunities as they become reality. 
Glen Greene - Oppenheimer: Is there anything that has been precluding you from getting deals going? Is it just a matter of negotiations? Its been awhile since youve done anything pretty materially significant. Is it the credit market? The environment? It just seems a little strange it is taking so long. 
Paul Garcia:  It is none of those. I appreciate that last comment, thanks a lot. It has taken us awhile to get some deals done. We are very cognizant of that particularly the business development guys. No it is the complexity. It is particularly in international transactions that are very complex particularly when you have various shareholders in various domains. That is primarily it. We have been working diligently on these and stay tuned. 
Glen Greene - Oppenheimer: Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Well go next to Wayne Johnson with Raymond James. 
Wayne Johnson  Raymond James: Hi. Good afternoon. I was just wondering if you could just give us an update on how you felt the FDC takeover by KKR if that has changed the competitive landscape for better or worse? 
Paul Garcia:  Well Wayne I have to tell you they are still an aggressive competitor. They are signing business and working diligently towards getting new opportunities. I think they have been less acquisitory and I know they have been talking about having some money put aside for some acquisitions but I suspect well see some less activity. I think it is public record that they have reduced a lot of costs associated with business development staff and that is common knowledge and I think that is translating for them being less acquisitory and less aggressive. So that is good. But in terms of a head to head competitor they are still very tough. 
Wayne Johnson  Raymond James: Do you think that the cost benefit of migrating all the various platforms to G2 do you think that will come before or after first data center consolidation is complete? 
Paul Garcia:  I would say [mind is complex] theirs is a different level of complexity. I cant opine how long it will take them. I do know something of those. I sold a previous company to them and they have a much more complex environment and a bigger task at hand. 
Wayne Johnson  Raymond James: Great thank you. 
Paul Garcia:  Youre welcome. 
Operator:  Well go next to Pat Burton with Citigroup.
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Hi. Congratulations on the quarter. Paul similar to that question on First Data let me ask a different one. With both the associations being now public how do you think that might change the business over the next few years? 
Paul Garcia:  Thanks Pat and welcome back. The associations I think is a net game for all of us. First Data, Global Payments, anybody in the acquiring space. The associations were more bank centric. They were controlled by the banks. The banks kind of called the shots. The issuing financial institutions. It is a different world now. We as merchant acquirers drive a lot of revenue for the associations. I think they are fully cognizant of that. I have seen tangible changes in attitude and activity so I think it is a net positive for all of us in the acquiring space. 
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator:  Well go next to Greg Smith with Merrill Lynch. 
Greg Smith  Merrill Lynch: Hey guys. On the association issue is there any possibility of them somehow raising pricing that could potentially impact you in a negative way or would you have the ability to pass that on? Something along those lines? 
Paul Garcia:  Greg we would. Of course what funds the association activities are assessments. They are cognizant of that. As you have seen some assessment increases very cleverly with across border transactions, some quite dramatic ones from the associations quite frankly. We just pass those on. They are complex to do because you have to separate transactions. We do that as part of our job. We pass them on. I would hope they wouldnt be too aggressive with those. It isnt inconceivable, Greg, but I havent seen a tax per se aimed at merchant acquirers. I think quite frankly and the question that Pat asked I think the associations see us as partners more now than they have and quite frankly we are. 
Greg Smith  Merrill Lynch: Good. Then do you have much gas station business? Is there any sort of incremental benefit from higher fuel prices for you? 
Paul Garcia:  We dont have much petroleum. But you are right that is going to raise those av tickets dramatically for those that process them. We have some small petroleum exposure. We do some check business with petroleum but we dont have a ton of it. 
Greg Smith  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then lastly Im sure you have looked at your accounting every which way just the issue with ISOs and the margin pressure but any chance you could ever move to more of a net revenue rather than running the commission through the SG&A line? 
Paul Garcia:  We talked about non-GAAP.we talked about non-GAAP measures but what I said earlier is that if we did that our competitors and even our customers  I dont think theyd want people to understand exactly where they are with that, would have significant visibility into that pricing. That is what is holding us back more than anything. What I prefer to do is make it a non-issue, growing our company and expanding our margins and then we wont have to answer these questions. 
Greg Smith  Merrill Lynch: Good answer. Okay thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Hilel [Patapshe] with Goldman Sachs. 
Liz [Dawson]  Goldman Sachs: Hi guys. This is actually Liz [Dawson]. I had a question. You talked a lot about discretionary versus non-discretionary components of your portfolio but if you could help us maybe quantify how you think about portfolio makeup with global processing, maybe what percentage of debit and credit, what percentage your transactions are coming from each of these categories and then also how you merchants break out. How you see as the most defensive, non-discretionary as a percentage of your portfolio today? 
Paul Garcia:  You know, Liz, once again Joe had this answer for an earlier question. We do have some of this on our website. I have to think back to some earlier investor presentations but we show kind of what are the major categories, retail and restaurants, and then in the non-discretionary we have things like education and taxes and healthcare and other services and we have a bunch of that. We have a pie chart that shows some of it. I dont have the exact and I dont want to guess but I will tell you that you definitely see a movement and it is a significant enough piece of business for us that quite frankly is one of the reasons why our transaction counts are what they are. 
Liz [Dawson]  Goldman Sachs: And the debit versus credit break down? Do you know what percentage of your transactions? 
Paul Garcia:  We do actually. I will tell you that I dont have that in front of me. I will tell you that we describewhen we talk about debit we talk about pin debit. Signature debit is just the same and I think you are referring to pin debit. We have given that. It is growing steadily. That growth has slowed a little bit. It is still growing nicely. It is still growing faster than credit but it slowed a little bit just because it is being penetrated. I dont have those, Im sorry. It hasnt changed material from what weve shared. 
Joseph Hyde:  It is around 10% of the total for the U.S. in spending. 
Liz [Dawson]  Goldman Sachs: And then on the MNA [marmot] one last question on that. It seems like your comments that a lot of that activity may be focused in Europe. Has the currency environment impacted your ability to work on those deals? Do you see European little competitors actually bidding on those properties making it more difficult for you as you approach them? 
Paul Garcia:  Yeah thats an excellent question because the dollar has changed pretty dramatically particularly against the Euro or currencies that are soon to become Euro. I would say little competitors are always out there. Fortunately some of our focus is in Asia. Im still very optimistic [in all fields] in complex areas where currency has made the deal more expensive but it is still a pretty good deal. 
Liz [Dawson]  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator:  Well take our next question from Dan Perlin with Wachovia. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia: Thanks. I just wanted to try and reconcile one thing. Your fourth quarter incremental margins in merchant services are expected to be pretty significant. Im not complaining there clearly. But the question that I have is I have listened to you talk about Canada, Eastern Europe and all the other line itemsthey all seem like they should be flat sequentially with the exception of the domestic direct market which causes me to be a little bit weary because of all of those I would have thought that would have been the one with the pressured margins. So how should I think about that? Is it that the domestic non-ISO piece of business is actually growing faster and youre getting a bigger mix shift of smaller ISOs versus larger? 
Joseph Hyde:  We are getting an improved benefit from the domestic direct non-ISO sales force but it may be difficult to try to address that question in the angle that you have approached it. I think it is easier to explain that the 4th quarter margin should improve relative to the third quarter because of a variety of factors; improved growth in Asia, in Europe the customer we are nearing the anniversary of their exit  well have a partial anniversary in the fourth quarter and a full in the first quarter of next year, well get a benefit in Canada from the re-pricing initiative, in the U.S. we wont have the Canadian Card Association senate headwind felt in the third quarter, the check guarantee impact will be much less in the fourth quarter and the money transfers is also expecting to have better earnings in the fourth quarter as well. So there are a variety of factors for why we feel the fourth quarter will be better. 
Paul Garcia:  I wanted to add too, Dan that it is possible that you are referring to revenue and not necessarily earnings. For example I did say we had a wonderful Q3 in Asia. Id love to see 29% again. Were not necessarily telling you that is going to happen in the fourth quarter but I do think well have better margins in the fourth quarter as we continue to improve margins. So even if I have a little less revenue growth I would expect greater profitability and I think if you ditto in Central Europe with that operation. So that is a bit of a change too. So were not telling you these businesses are going to be flat in the fourth quarter. We expect to see growth in those as well. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia: Right, growth for year-over-yearhow could it more sequentially fall. Asia Pacific being $19 million on an absolute dollar base in the fourth quarter, I dont see why it shouldnt be there again. The same thing with Central Europe, I dont understand why it shouldnt be around $14.7 or $15 million. So the big out layer to me seems to be domestic. But we can follow-up off line. Im happy margins are going up. 
Paul Garcia:  Anything else Dan? 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia: No. Im sorry. Thank you. 
Operator:  Well take our last question from Josh Elving with Piper Jaffray after which Mr. Garcia will give his closing remarks. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray: Great thanks. I just had a couple of quick follow-ups. Just with regards to the money transfer segment real quick. On the European side that has kind of been the little more exciting piece of that and after seeing some pretty significant growth in revenue it kind of slowed a bit here in the third quarter and Im just wondering is there any particular reason why we had less quarter-over-quarter revenues there? 
Paul Garcia:  I think as we have described this business it does tend to be a slower quarter than the summer or the fall quarters historically. Secondly as the business in the U.S. struggled in the last year we made less of investment of opening new branches. In Spain we slowed down the pace of which we were opening them. We have looked at acquisition opportunities there in lieu of just straight opening. Opening costs a lot more money from the standpoint of running losses generally for the first six months to a year until you get the business up to a cash flow profitable business. But the business itself on a year-over-year basis where the stores have been opened over a year continues to do very well from all the metrics which is transaction growth, revenue growth and it is very stable. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray:  Okay I got ya. Last question on that. As far as some of the outlets, we have the deluxe outlets they have been turning down here for a couple of quarters. Is that going to continue to be the trend or at what point do we start to see that stabilize and start to grow again? 
Paul Garcia:  Well I think we have mentioned in this last quarter we have seen improvement in the pricing market and therefore with pricing stabilized and transactions growing you are just going to naturally see growth. The business does have leverage characteristics. That is what originally attracted us to it among other things. So youll see those as well and I think Joe outlined those in his comments for the fourth quarter if prices stay stabilized into the next fiscal year well see that continue. 
Josh Elving  Piper Jaffray:  Okay great. Thanks. 
Paul Garcia:  Well ladies and gentlemen thank you so much for joining us on todays call. Thank you for your continued interest in Global Payment and we appreciate your continued support. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay starting today at 7 p.m. Central and ending at midnight on March 9, 2008. If you wish to listen to the replay please dial (888) 203-1112, or international participants can dial (719) 457-0820. This concludes our call. You may not disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-01-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jane Elliot - Vice President of Investor Relations  Paul Garcia - Chairman,President and CEO Jim Kelly - Senior EVP and COO JoeHyde - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan LizGrausam  Goldman Sachs Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Adam Frisch  UBS Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest Paul Bartolai  Credit Suisse David Koning - Robert W. Baird Mark Sproule  Thomas Weisel Greg Smith  Merrill Lynch Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan
Operator: Welcome to Global Payments second quarter fiscal 2008earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Atthis time, I would like to turn theconference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations Jane Elliot.Please go ahead. 
Jane Elliot: Thanks, Connie. Good afternoon and welcome to GlobalPayments fiscal 2008 second quarter conference call. Joining meon the call today arePaul Garcia, Chairman,President and CEO; Jim Kelly, Senior EVP and COO; and JoeHyde, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of thecomments made by management during theconference call contain forward-looking statements that involve anumber of risks and uncertainties. For these statements, we claim theprotection of the safeharbor for forward-looking statements contained inthe Private SecuritiesLitigation Reform Act of 1995. While these statements reflect our best current judgment,they are subject torisks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which arediscussed in ourpublic releases, including our most recent 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise any ofthese statements to reflect future circumstances, or theoccurrence of unanticipated events.  Inaddition, some of thecomments made on this call may refer to normalized results which arenot in accordance withGAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflectcomparative operating performance. For afull reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results inaccordance with Regulation G, please seeour press release filed as anexhibit to our Form8-K dated today, January 3, 2008 which may belocated under theinvestor relations area on our website atwww.GlobalPaymentsInc.com. Now I would like to introduce Paul Garcia.
Paul Garcia: Thanks, Jane. Good afternoon, everyone and Happy New Year.We are quite pleasedwith our second quarter results. For thesecond quarter, our revenue grew 18% to $308.8 million and our normalizeddiluted earnings pershare grew 14% to $0.48.  Our growth was driven by solid performance inour merchant services segment, while our money transfer segment continued to beimpacted by lower year-over-year pricing, both of which I will discuss injust a moment. Starting with our merchant segment, our ISOs continued todrive strong organic growth inour domestic direct channel. We continued to have success inretaining our customers and insigning new ones, including two new ISOs signed inthe past quarter. Our credit and debit card transactions grew 28% for thequarter, with revenue growth of 25%. Due to thecontinued success of our ISO channel, we areraising our expectation for fiscal 08 revenue growth to thelow 20% range for ourdomestic direct channel. In Canada,I am very pleased withthe long-term merchantreferral agreement with HSBC that we signed and announced during thequarter. This agreement demonstrates ourcontinued success inthis market. For thequarter, our Canadian credit and debit card transactions grew 4%, while ourrevenue grew 20%, driven largely by afavorable Canadian currency exchangerate. While we anticipate acontinued year-over-year currency benefit for theremainder of this fiscal year, our third quarter revenue growth for thischannel is expected to bein thelow double-digitpercentage range. This expected growth is lower than our second quartergrowth, primarily due to non-recurring card association incentive revenuerealized during our fiscal 07 third quarter. For fiscal 08, we areraising our revenue growth expectation to thelow to mid-teen rangefor our Canadian channel. Our AsiaPacific channel had strong revenue growth of 24% for thequarter. Due to these results, we areincreasing our expectation for fiscal 08 revenue growth for this channel to33% to 40% on areported basis; or, thelow to high teenpercentage range on a proforma basis. This growth reflects solidmomentum gains from our continued sales initiatives and investments, and apositive turn in ourrevenue growth from Taiwan,as previously anticipated. We continued to make operational progress on our goal to befully converted from HSBCs back and front end systems platform by calendar2010. As of today, we have convertedboth the Macauand Hong Kongback end platforms onto our U.S.-based platform. Our Central and Eastern European merchant channel hadrevenue growth of 7% inthe second quarter,with growth in creditand debit card transactions of 10%. Our revenue growth was primarily driven by afavorable year over year Chec currency exchangerate; the impact ofour November 2006 Diginet acquisition; and, importantly, solid transaction growth.This growth was partially offset by adeconversion of thepreviously discussed large customer, and to alesser extent, price reductions granted on contract renewals. We continue to expect this deconversion to have amid single-digit unfavorable impact on our fiscal 08 revenue growth inthis channel. Based on thecontinued strong Chec currency exchangerate, we are raisingour fiscal 08 revenue growth expectations to thehigh single-digit to lowteen percentage range. Our domestic, indirect and other revenue declined 7% during thequarter, but as anticipated, primarily due to industry consolidation. We expecta fiscal 08 revenuedecline in themid single-digit to high single-digit percentage range for domestic, indirectand other. Moving on to our money transfer segment, inthe U.S.our transactions grew 8% for thequarter, while our revenue declined 5%, which reflects thecontinuing impact of acompetitive domestic pricing environment. Transaction growth was driven by same-store sales growth and branchexpansion compared to theprior year. We ended thequarter with 879 domestic branches compared to 855 locations last year. During thesecond quarter, we closed anumber of unprofitable domestic branches, which caused asequential decline compared to thefirst quarter of this year. In Europe,we ended the quarterwith 71 branches compared to 53 locations last year. For thequarter, we achieved 39% transaction growth and 48% revenue growth inthis channel. We continue to expect thesecond half of fiscal 08 to benefit from theanniversarying of last years domestic pricing trends; although this benefitwill be less than wepreviously anticipated, given thecontinued concerns over immigration domestically, and thesharp decline in newhome construction. For fiscal 08, we anticipate money transfer segment revenuegrowth in themid to high single-digit percentage range.  I will now ask Joeto further discuss our financial results.
Joe Hyde: Thank you, Paul. Our merchant services segment operatingmargin was 25.9% for thequarter, which reflects adecline compared to last year, primarily due to thecontinued high growth inour lower margin ISO channel; theongoing impact of investments inour Asia Pacificchannel; the customerdeconversion in Europe;and duplicate expenses inconnection with our facility consolidation plan. Additionally, our check guarantee channel experienced higherthan expected losses toward theend of the quarter dueto higher loss rates coupled with lower collection rates, which we believe isrelated to the currenteconomic environment. Although this trend did not have ameaningful impact on our second quarter earnings growth, we anticipate arelatively larger impact on our third quarter growth, especially due to strongcollection rates achieved during thethird quarter of fiscal 07. Our merchant services margin was favorably impacted during thequarter by credits we received from acard association and from our domestic health insurance carrier, both of whichrelated to prior overbillings of certain fees. Lastly, due to strengthened foreign currencies compared to theU.S. dollar, we received abenefit during thequarter of $11 million inrevenue and $0.04 indiluted earnings pershare, most of which relates to our merchant services segment. Looking ahead for this segment, we expect amerchant services operating margin of between 25.1% and 25.4% for fiscal08. For thethird quarter, we areexpecting our merchant services operating income dollar growth to range from alow single-digitpercentage decline to alow single-digitpercentage increase, primarily due to thenon-recurring card association incentive revenues realized during our fiscal07 third quarter. Due to thenon-recurring nature of this impact, however, we expect areturn to stronger growth inour fourth quarter. To alesser extent, we also expect our third quarter earnings growth will beimpacted by our year over year check guarantee results as previously discussed. Inaddition, due to thetiming of certain HSBC interchangepricing adjustments last year inour Asia Pacificchannel, we expect amodest headwind in ourcurrent year third quarter and asimilar tailwind inour current year fourth quarter. Lastly, we arealso expecting apositive impact in ourfourth quarter from anticipated changesin theCanadian market interchangestructure. As aresult of these factors, we areexpecting third quarter diluted EPS of between $0.39 and $0.42, and fourthquarter diluted EPS of between $0.48 and $0.52. Moving to money transfer, this segments operating marginwas 3.6% for thecurrent quarter, which reflects asignificant decline compared to theprior year, primarily due to thefactors that Paul discussed, combined with our branch-based, high fixed costmodel. For fiscal 08, we areexpecting a moneytransfer operating margin ina mid to highsingle-digit percentage range. Our corporate expenses increased 4% during thequarter, and we continue to expect fiscal 08 expense growth ranging from zeroto growth in thelow single-digits.  During thequarter, we completed thefacility consolidation plan that we announced inMarch 2007 and incurred amodest amount of related restructuring charges. Based on our segment guidance, we expect afiscal 08 total company operating margin of 18.8% to 19.1% compared to anormalized fiscal 07 operating margin of 20.8%. These amounts include theimpact of stock option expenses inboth years, but exclude theimpact of restructuring and other charges. Moving now to our non-operating line items, we expect $12million to $14 million inincome from the net ofour interest and other income, and interest and other expense during fiscal08. Also for fiscal 08, we expect minority interest net of taxof $8 million to $10 million and aneffective tax rate ofbetween 33.5% and 34%. Lastly, we expect average diluted shares outstanding forthe fiscal year to bein therange of $80.8 million to $81.5 million.  During thequarter, we completed $19 million inopen market share repurchases atan average price of$40.09 per share,including commissions paid. Capitalspending for thequarter was $13 million, which primarily related to technology spending,including for our new G2 platform inthe U.S.,in addition tomerchant terminal spending and our facility consolidation plan. For fiscal 08, we continue to expect capital expendituresof $40 million to $50 million. The$9 million on our business acquisitions line for thequarter primarily represented our Discover merchant portfolio acquisition,money transfer branch acquisitions, as well as acustomer list and long-term merchant referral agreement inour Canadian channel. Moving to thebalance sheet, our reported cash increased due to strong cash flowgenerated during thequarter, which included $52 million related to settlement processing. Themajority of this $52 million relates to temporary timing differences, partiallydue to our Hong Kongback end system conversion. These timing differences will likely reverse duringthe second half offiscal 08. As previously discussed, our cash balances include amountsthat we hold related to merchant reserve funds which totaled $127 million atthe end of thesecond quarter. This reflected anincrease of $15 million compared to theend of the firstquarter, primarily due to our Hong Kongback end system conversion. Prior to this conversion, HSBC was holding thiscash on its balance sheet inconnection with our transition services agreement. Inaddition to merchant-related reserve funds, our cash balances include otherforms of operating cash that is either needed to manage our business or thatreflect timing differences such as cash inour money transfer branches or cash related to settlement processing. Theremaining non-operating cash that is available for acquisitions, sharerepurchases or other strategic initiatives was approximately $130 million atthe end of thesecond quarter. Our primary strategy for this excess cash is to focus onseeking new acquisitions which we believe represents thehighest potential return for our shareholders.  Paul will now discuss our fiscal 08 guidance. 
Paul Garcia: Thanks, Joe. Based on current trends and our ongoing growthstrategy, we areraising our revenue guidance for fiscal 2008 to arange of $1.231 billion to $1.257 billion, or approximately 16% to 18% growthover $1.062 billion.  We arealso raising our fiscal 08 diluted EPS guidance to arange of $1.89 to $1.96, reflecting 7% to 11% growth over our fiscal 2007normalized diluted EPS of $1.77. Thisguidance includes stock option expense but does not include any othersignificant acquisitions or potential restructuring and other charges. When I consider thelong-term growth prospects of Global Payments, particularly theemerging Asian and Central European markets, and thestrength of our ISO channel, I continue to bevery optimistic about our future.  Operator, we will now go to questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang  JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JPMorgan: Happy New Year. Lets drill down on money transfer, the4% operating margin was abit of a surprise. Itlooks like the impliedoperating expenses there actually climbed alittle bit sequentially. I amjust trying to better understand what drove thechange. Was thatcommission pressure? Were there some branch closing costs there as well?
Joe Hyde:  I think most of it, because themodel is different than theAsian model where transaction growth rates work to our favor, as therates of growth have slowed from years prior and we have remained competitiveon pricing has abigger impact on thebottom line, we did close afew more branches  or alot more branches  than we would have historically. If anything, we have been reducing expenses, not increasingexpenses so this isreally a pricing issuein themarket, coupled with thefactors that Paul outlined inhis comments.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JPMorgan: Sohow has pricingcompetitively changedhere over the lastquarter or so?
Jim Kelly: I think over thequarter there hasnt been as dramatic achange. As we havesaid on previous calls, we had alarge changeDecember prior so we arethrough that large increase, but as Joesaid in his comments, theoutlook for thebusiness continues to beuncertain as itrelates to the overallmarket, because pricing continues to bea pressure because ofimmigration issues together with construction and other factors that again,Paul mentioned.  I wouldnt saythat it hasstabilized. I would saythat it hasslowed in terms ofdeclines, but it hasnot abated entirely.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JPMorgan: I had acouple of questions on thebroader income statement. First, thecost of service linewas flat sequentially which was obviously apositive surprise. Any one-time items there worth calling out?
Joe Hyde: Other than thecouple of credits that I talked about that we received inthe quarter that wouldhave helped that line, but I think thebiggest impact was in thesecond quarter it grew10%; in thefirst quarter it hadgrown 18%; the biggestdifference there is theannualization of the AsiaPacific acquisition, which is heavily concentrated incost of service. Other than that, there is really nothing else driving that.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JPMorgan: Check and gaming, I amassuming that is inthat line as well, did you call out thedollar amount? Also, can you just remind us how bigyour check and gaming business is inthe aggregate and howthat is growing, and how themargins compare to thegreater firm average?
Jim Kelly: I will start with your last question first. Thecheck and gaming business is not something that we have broken out. Itis a smaller part ofour business, it isless than 10% of our revenue. We mention itnow because the losseshave gotten a littlebit higher and itprobably will cause agrowth impact in thethird quarter because thethird quarter last year was just anunusually strong quarter; I actually mentioned itin my comments on lastyears third quarter call. Themargin on the businessis very good, but itis a type of abusiness where therevenue kind of stays thesame and the earningsis dictated by thesuccess of your collections. Our collections have not been as successful as wehave been, and themargin lowers as aresult. We areattempting to manage thesituation, go back to some of themerchants that we have and look for higher pricing to compensate ourselves for thelower risk, but it ishard to do thatquickly.
Joe Hyde: Just to comment on therevenue side, I think as we have announced inthe gaming inparticular we have had anumber of strong signings of thegrowth rates both for thecredit card, cash advances, together with thecheck cash advance business which together comprise our gaming business aredoing well from arevenue standpoint and we view this as really acyclical issue for theeconomy more than anything else.
Tien-Tsin Huang  JPMorgan: Any way just to quickly quantify thedollar exposure on thepotential losses on thecheck guarantee side?
Jim Kelly:
 : Itis not like a reservethat is sitting out there inthe conventional senseof a credit cardbalance; these arelosses that come from, as Joesaid, we guarantee checks and if thechecks bounce we collect thechecks and we provide areserve in theevent that we dont collect thecheck. Those rates of collection improve and decline, and they have for thelast ten years andthey will continue to. This is more of ananomaly than a trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from LizGrausam  Goldman Sachs.
Liz Grausam  Goldman Sachs: Some questions on theoverall merchant services margin. Alittle bit surprised to seeyou bring down theexpectations for themargin for that group overall from your previous guidance, given how muchstrength you areseeing on your revenue line and given how much currency benefit you had out inCanada. If you could walk us through, how much of itis the business mix ischanging themargin profile of that business? How itis you think about potentially reinvesting some of thegains that you getfrom currency and managing themargin in thatbusiness? And, give us some perspective on where you seethat directionally moving, if you can, into 09?
Joe Hyde: Well interms of the marginguidance for the year,some of the decline orthe pull back from ourguidance that we had inthe first quarter wasdue to just stronger ISO growth, more ISO revenue; theISOs continued to dovery well and that creates more earnings, but ithas animpact on themargin.  Thecheck guarantee losses, as we talked about, was not something that I wasanticipating as of thefirst quarter and that had animpact on the margin. We arestill investing internationally inboth Europe and inAsiaand that also has animpact on the margin.  Lastly, thefacility planned consolidation, we took alittle bit higher duplicate expenses inthe course ofintegrating the twofacilities that we had there, and that hasa temporary impact on themargins as well. I dont think we arein aposition or are justnot ready to go into fiscal 09 guidance. Obviously our intent is to continueto invest internationally and getsome gains from those investments; theISO channel will likely continue to growand likely will cause some level of margin impact there, but as we getcloser to the year wewill talk more about that.
Liz Grausam  Goldman Sachs: On your money transfer business, obviously adrag to growth and adrag to the overallfirms margin and profitability. Is there any inflection point that you seeon the horizon? Itsounds like you aregoing to anniversary some pricing changes.Has theunderperformance and greater cyclicality of this business brought you to thinkabout more strategic options for this business going forward or areyou still fairly committed to themoney transfer segment?
Paul Garcia: Let metackle that one, Liz. We arenot pleased with theperformance. I mean, 8% transaction growth inthis environment domestically is actually not bad. We arequite pleased with our performance inEurope, but overall you areright; it is adrag, particularly on theearnings and theanemic margins we had inthe business clearlyhurt us overall. This was abusiness that was accretive to our growth rateand produced excellent margins, sothis has been asteady deterioration and I think we allknow the reasons. Doesthat result in usdoing something with this asset? I think we look atevery single asset we have and itis our responsibility to make those decisions. I amnot prepared to sayanything at thispoint. We continue to becommitted to themanagement team there, I think they arevery smart. I think we still have thebest product out there  truly thebest product out there  but I would bedisingenuous to tell you I ampleased with theresults. I am not. Itis an activediscussion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrustRobinson Humphrey.
Andrew Jeffrey -SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Paul, could you talk alittle bit more about Asia, both from arevenue growth standpoint and from anongoing investment standpoint? Obviously you had avery strong quarter, theguidance you gave for thefull year implies not as comparably robust asecond half. Maybe you could touch onthat. Then I think inpast discussions you have talked about 08 as being thefocal point of your investment inAsia. Is itright to think about themargins expanding as we moveour way into 09, without getting into specific guidance issues there?
Paul Garcia: Andrew, I would saywe are clearly runningthis business for growth, not for margin expansion atthis point. While I have said publicly and I will behappy to say againthat ultimately I think theAsian business produces accretive margins, and I will stick to that. Itis going to be along time. I wouldthink it would benot wise to think we aregoing to expand these margins aggressively getting into fiscal 09. Itis a longer investmentcycle; we are juststarting to make some serious investments inMainland China. Having just come back and seeing thatfirsthand, it is goingto be awhile before those investments payoff. That is one of thereasons that Joepointed to for deteriorating margin inthe merchant servicessegment and some of theguidance you areseeing that we aregiving going forward. I would saystay tuned on that. I amvery bullish on where that growth is going. I think there area couple gives andtakes right now; we arestill ridding ourselves of some merchants and that is why you areseeing a littlelumpiness in some of thegrowth, unprofitable merchants arehaving an impact onsome of the revenues,but overall I am verybullish on that and I think you will seesome margins. I amjust not going to bepinned down right now as to when we will seethat expansion.
Andrew Jeffrey -SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: As far as thesecond half revenue growth is concerned, is theimplication that there were some non-recurring revenue benefits inthe second quarter?
Joe Hyde: In Asia,the comment that Imade was  well, in thesecond quarter we did have asmall amount of card association incentive revenue that provided abit of a lift. 
Paul Garcia: I think hewas unclear as to  Andrew, I think theanswer to the questionis that you were unclear about why itlooks like there is some revenue moving around. Itwasnt, as Joe talkedabout, headwinds and tailwinds inthe third quarter and thefourth quarter. There were some interchangeadjustments as this thing settles in; there were some bucketing issues that we aredealing with.
Joe Hyde: Right. Inthe course of thetransition services agreement for HSBC there was some variability inthe interchangethat was applied to thebusiness in thethird and fourth quarter. Essentially theshort story is that thethird quarter last year was abnormally high; thefourth quarter was abnormally low. Sofor the AsiaPacific revenue over thenext two quarters, you may seea small slowdown inthe third quarter, atailwind in thefourth quarter; net result for thefull year is anon-impact and we just wanted to give you that sensitivity before we got tothose two quarters. But itis not a materialimpact to the totalcompany, it just mayplay with growth in Asiafor the next couple ofquarters, thats all.
Paul Garcia: One of thethings around my favorite subject, Asia, I believe that we arebetter  this is astrong statement  I think we arebetter positioned in Asiaand China inparticular than anyone, truly. We have more of aninfrastructure already, we have more of afocus and quite frankly although itis small because of thenature of the beast, Ithink we probably have alarger portfolio than anybody. Soit is agreat business.
Andrew Jeffrey -SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thedomestic merchant business, where you clearly continue to take share, any changesin thecompetitive environment? Any pricing concessions on these two new ISOs yousigned in thequarter? Or are wejust seeing theover-execution or out-performance of your book of business?
Paul Garcia: I think itis two things happening. You have thelatter; you have our bigISOs, our whole ISO portfolio but primarily driven by our bigISOs, continuing to just go from strength to strength doing extremely well,with a lot ofaggressive things they aredoing like free terminals, etc. These arevery entrepreneurial managers and they aredoing a great job. Thetwo ISOs that we signed, quite frankly, aresmaller so they wouldactually not enjoy thefull rate that thebigger guys do. Soalthough they have very competitive rates, our ISOs, thelarger they become, thebetter the rates theyenjoy.  Sothere is a bit of apressure always as your ISOs grow, but then you offset that with new ISOs,quite frankly at ahigher rate until theyproduce those kind of volumes. Itis producing a niceend result.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Frisch  UBS.
Adam Frisch  UBS: I wanted to make sure we have theright picture on themerchant side. Obviously check is causing alittle bit of volatility with themargins, if it is aquarter here and aquarter there fine, itis no big deal; but Iwanted to just make sure on themerchant processing business, which is thebusiness that everyone focuses on because itis your largest, that theformula or the way ofthinking is still thesame; the U.S. isfairly stable and growing, and you areinvesting in Europeand Asia who willeventually become more profitable with better growth infuture years. Hasanything changedfrom that general formula?
Paul Garcia: Adam, I couldnt have said itbetter. That is exactly what thestory is. We have solid growth with alot of visibility domestically; we have solid opportunities inAsiain Europe;we are ina significantinvestment mode inboth of those. When we saydomestically, I really should sayNorth America because we arereferring to Canadaas well. So that isexactly the story.
Adam Frisch  UBS: And themargin on the U.S.business, fairly stable from thelast couple of quarters to where we arelooking going forward? Nothing haschanged thereeither?
Joe Hyde: No, there is really no bigchange other thanwhat I have highlighted.
Adam Frisch  UBS: And thenatural follow up then, if check cashing is causing some volatility on themargin side, weve seen First Data getout of the business or attempt to, atcertain points  what areyou guys thinking about your check cashing business? Would you consider scalingit down or getting outof it?
Paul Garcia: Adam, we have acouple of different businesses within check; we have our gaming business andthat, quite frankly, is doing terrifically; although we areseeing a little uptickthere, it is amore collectable amount and really, itis a business that we arecommitted to. Theguarantee business, which is mostly for smaller merchants and itis just what itimplies, it is aguarantee on a check,that business dynamic haschanged dramaticallyover the last 15 or 20years and the qualityof the check writertoday, quite frankly, hasdeteriorated.  Soyou are having ascenario where a checkguarantee was significantly less expensive than abank card rate; now they aresignificantly more expensive than bank card rates because of thewhole volatility. Then when you go through aneconomy, those riders aretypically the onesthat are impacted bythings like mortgage crises. Sothat is a business, itis small though. I mean, we havent given ahuge amount of guidance on that, but itis a very smallbusiness to us and itis having some impact, but I would tell you, if thewhole thing went bad itis not a major dealhere for us.
Adam Frisch  UBS: I just want to make sure, theimportant parts of thebusiness are thesame story. Then I just wanted to focuson interchange for asecond. Have there been any material changesthere in thelast few months or any anticipated inyour fiscal second half that could help you on thegrowth and/or margin side?
Paul Garcia: Now that we area global company,interchange is apretty complicated subject because you have interchangeimplications in theEU, you have interchangein Canada,interchange inAsia.
Adam Frisch  UBS: Maybe just focus on theU.S. since thatis your biggest market.
Jim Kelly: There were changes,both MasterCard and Visa this past summer, nothing inthe fall but for thespring, at least todate, Visa is talking about some increases on their premium cards, thesignature cards; MasterCard hasnt announced anything as of yet and as well,Discover, now that we arean acquirer forDiscover consistent with theVisa/MasterCard structure, there aregoing to be some changesthere as well. They arenot anything close to what you saw years prior, but they will have some impact.I think it will beimmaterial for this fiscal year. As Joementioned, theCanadian market on theVisa side is going through some pretty substantial changesto align more to a U.S.model than theexisting Canadian model, and that will likely have some positive impact.
Paul Garcia: Let medo one follow on, to beclear. I said thewhole business could go bad inguarantee, that would bea little bit of anover-statement. What I mean is that thebusiness could experience some significant write-offs as apercentage but because itis a relatively smallpiece of our business, itwouldnt have a majorimpact. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest.
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: Paul, I just wanted to make sure I understood some of thecomments you have made. I think, Joe, you indicated there were four primaryreasons you gave for themerchant margins being alittle bit lower: stronger ISO growth, thecheck guarantee losses, investment internationally and I think facility consolidationsis what you said. If I understand right, you had already anticipatedinvestment internationally infacility consolidation, and after hearing your thoughts on thecheck business, Paul, itseems like the reason themargins are going to bea little bit less thanyou anticipate is just because theISOs have been really strong and that would bethe primary reason.Would that be correct,Paul?
Paul Garcia: That is theprimary reason. If we had to list them interms of 1, 2, 3, 4 then ISOs is theprimary reason. But as itrelates to thefacility consolidation, there were expectations of duration, we would complete itand it ran anextra month or solonger than we had originally planned. Ahost of reasons that have aperiod expense which would have been higher than what Joewould have originally expected.
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: Would that bethe second then, Joe, thesecond biggest reason?
Joe Hyde: I dont know that I can rank it,Kartik 
Paul Garcia: That was aslippery slope I started there, sorry.
Joe Hyde: I would saythat it wasnt  whilewe forecast, we allhave expectations. Sometimes we meetthem, and sometimes we were late. We were more focused on theservice side of our customers and making sure that itwas a smoothconversion, and that is why itended up running alittle higher in termsof expense than we had planned, but I dont think itwould be easy to rankthem all just here on thephone.
Jim Kelly: Far and away thelargest year over year impact is theISOs, far and away thelargest.
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: Just to understand theguarantee business, I think, Jim, you said this is not ananomaly, the losses. Thelosses you have already incurred, does that mean inthe coming quartersyou could recover those and they will bea positive and this isjust somewhat of atemporary loss on theguarantee side of thebusiness?
Jim Kelly: My comment, Kartik, relative to ananomaly is that this will occur from time to time. We record losses based on ahistorical rate ofcollections. When those collection rates decline we increase theloss rate that werecord in theincome statement. I dont anticipate that we aregoing to collect at ahigher rate inthe next quarter tooffset what we have just charged off, largely because theeconomy has turned andbusinesses like thecheck guarantee business aregoing to feel that.
Paul Garcia: One of thereactions we do have,instead of  and there was aquestion earlier about arewe going to get of thebusiness, or if we were to dosomething  what we can doin theguarantee side which, quite frankly, we dodo and sometimes itdoes result incustomer loss, is that we approach customers and raise therates, sometimes dramatically, if you have been experiencing Xloss factor and now itis X plus Y, we factorthat in and go back tothe merchant. Theyeither accept that increase or we no longer provide theservice.
Kartik Mehta  FTN Midwest: Afinal question, Paul. Youve talked about thegaming business and itis doing well. Obviously abig competitor ofyours had some issues here; another competitor is trying to getout of the business.Does that provide opportunity for you to increase market share, or is themarket so competitivethat might not necessarily bethe case?
Paul Garcia: We actually arepicking up some customers. We have been successfully competing for some time,but I think our biggest competitor having some issues is not something that wehave been reveling inby any stretch of theimagination, but where that offers market opportunities we will take advantageof them. Quite frankly, we have signed acouple of notable customers recently.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Bartolai  Credit Suisse.
Paul Bartolai  Credit Suisse: Thanks and good afternoon. We have talked abit about the benefitsthat you received in thequarter. Any chance, given we have anissue with year-over-year comp coming up in3Q, could we maybe quantify some of thebenefits you received in2Q of this year from thecredits you received?
Joe Hyde: They arenot large enough to go through one by one and try to quantify it. Thepoint there was only to let you know that they areout there. I think thebiggest year-over-year impact is theCanadian Card Association incentives that we got inthe third quarter oflast year. I have spoken about ita few times over thepast 12 months. It wasa multimillion dollarrevenue and earnings impact, as I said on thelast quarter call. Out of respect for thecard association and just for competitive reasons, we arenot able to quantify that. One of thecredits we got was actually from acard association and we would prefer not to quantify that. I would like us to dothat, but we are justnot prepared to break that out atthis time.
Paul Bartolai  Credit Suisse: But what about in2Q of this year? Thebenefits that you received, any chance you could  I mean not even one by one,but maybe just inaggregate so we could getsome magnitude of theimpact?
Joe Hyde: No, we arejust not prepared to break that out atthis time.
Paul Bartolai  Credit Suisse: We have talked alittle bit about thecheck business. Maybe if we could just go alittle bit broader and talk about themacro impact ingeneral. It certainlyseems like the economyis something that could impact thecheck business and maybe some of theother businesses over thenext few quarters. Any comments on what you areseeing in thebusiness in terms of themacro outlook?
Joe Hyde: We aretalking about the U.S.macro outlook?
Paul Bartolai  Credit Suisse: Any changeyou are seeing inspending habits, volumes or anything like that?
Joe Hyde: Aside from thecheck business itself, I wouldnt saythat weve seen a bigimpact. Our December was strong growth; itwasnt as strong as November somaybe we were off just alittle bit there. But itis only January 3 and we havent reviewed thefull set of reports for themonth. I amnot seeing any major impact or new trend inour domestic business as aresult of the economicenvironment.
Paul Garcia:  Paul, let merepeat that because I think that is animportant point. We did seea pretty blockbusterThanksgiving period, and we did have agood Christmas, but not to that level. Sowe are kind of seeingwhat you are readingabout, a little bit ofa consumer slowdown.Still, because there is alot of conversion from cash and check into credit we arestill getting that uplift, and thegrowth was still really, really good. Itwas just really good around Thanksgiving and not as strong inDecember.
Paul Bartolai  Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Then just alast question, I think weve beaten this to adead horse but I amgoing to do ita little bit moreanyway. When you look atthe merchant margins,I understand some of theimpacts and there aresome give and takes. Just given some of thestrong volumes you areseeing and thecurrency benefit, I amstill a little bitsurprised at thelowering of themerchant margins. You even mentioned that thegaming business is not that significant. Hasanything else changedin thebase business? Specifically theU.S. merchantbusiness from when you gave guidance atthe beginning of theyear? Itjust seemed that with currency and some of thestrong volumes, we arenot seeing maybe as much leverage as weve seen inthe past inthat business.
Joe Hyde: Again, theISOs continued to growvery strong and as they growstrong the margin isimpacted by that growth. Thenon-ISO aspect of thebusiness is actually improved over levels that we had seen in07. We are getting amodest amount of growth from those channels and I hope to seecontinued growth, but there hasbeen no negative trend on thenon-ISO side. Themargin hasnt moved that much interms of our guidance, but to theextent that there hasbeen some movement, itis largely for thefactors that I have described, which is ISO channel, investments ininternational, thecheck guarantee and some higher expenses relating to theintegration of that facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Koning - Robert W.Baird.
David Koning - RobertW. Baird: A couplemore questions on AsiaPacific. Over the lastcouple of quarters I think you did 20% sequential growth last quarter and about15% sequential growth this quarter. I know you mentioned some non-recurringitems, etc., but that would suggest very strong year-over-year growth if thatsort of pace would continue. I amwondering if there is any seasonality to maybe theQ1 or Q2 timeframe and that maybe they arejust weaker quarters inthe back half of theyear.
Joe Hyde: You aretalking in Asia?I dont think there is ahuge amount of seasonality differences. I think there area lot of moving partsand as we areinvesting in thebusiness, the revenue hasaccelerated. I think itwould be difficult totake a look atit on asequential basis. That is not theway that I would look atit, but we just look atit on ayear-over-year and how theresults are trending.I dont have a clearanswer to your question, I amnot sure that there is apattern there.
David Koning - RobertW. Baird: How many sales reps doyou have now in AsiaPacific?
Jim Kelly: We last reported anumber, but we have increased that. We have actually decreased alittle bit in Indiaas we are tryingdifferent models. We arenotionally in the300 range with upticks insome areas and downticks inothers. Quite frankly, as I said earlier, you could double or eventriple that sales force. Once we build theproper infrastructure and rollout all of ourproducts and get ourconversions done, I think these markets can justify massive numbers.  We have added significantly inChina, forexample. We have not added  infact, actually took some away inIndia and therest of the markets arepretty stable. Adding alittle bit pretty much inevery other market, but not significantly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Sproule  Thomas Weisel.
Mark Sproule  ThomasWeisel: Last quarter we talked alittle bit about thedirect sales force and theimprovements that you have started to seethere and how that might help out alittle bit. How hasthat progressed over thelast quarter? Are youstill seeing improvement there?
Joe Hyde: I dont think there is any notable changefrom what we said previously. Itcontinues to be verypositive, new leadership that came inabout 18 months ago hasrevamped the seniormanagement team and avariety of factors have led to growth year over year, as Phil mentioned inhis comments, both through our alliance with Comerica and our coredirect business areseeing good growth in thebase and good growth innew sales across theboard.
Mark Sproule  ThomasWeisel: Is that helping to offset some of theISO pressure that you areseeing on the marginside?
Paul Garcia: Itis.
Joe Hyde: Itis, but when you put them into context, we aredealing with  I dont know exact count  but somewhere close to 100 ISOs allof which touch hundreds, if not thousands, of independent sales representativesas compared to our U.S.sales force which is substantially smaller. Sowe are ata disadvantage butagain, the ISOs arefocused on a vertical,on a market namely thesmaller merchants where our focus is for mid-market merchants. We try to stayaway from each other relative to competition and complement each other. I thinkwe are going toconsistently seestronger growth out of ISOs just because we have more of them that we aregoing to be able tosupport from a directsales force, at least atthis time.
Mark Sproule  ThomasWeisel: As you sign new ISOs, you said theISOs that you signed to this quarter were on thesmaller side. Are youtaking on an increasedlevel of risk associated with thetransactions that they aredoing, or have you been able to stay away from some of thehigher risk type of activities and maintain alower [tone] there?
Jim Kelly:  Thenew business that weve added, either through our direct channels or adding newISOs, we have not changedour risk profile. We areever vigilant to stay away from problem areas and any new ISO relationship thatwe engage goes to thesame credit review and they areobligated to follow thesame procedures as everybody else.
Mark Sproule  ThomasWeisel: On thecheck cashing side, maybe I will stay away from thecontinual discussion of atwhat point does it getlarge enough that you separate that out from theother merchant platform businesses. I know you sayit is less than 10%;your money transfer business is roughly 10% anyways. How bigdoes it have to bebefore you start to separate that out and we can focus inon what the corebusiness is?
Jim Kelly: I think thecheck business has gota longway, it is not aseparate business in thecompany. Joe andothers would make that decision, but I dont seeit inthe near term.
Paul Garcia: It hasgot a longway before it is 10%.
Mark Sproule  ThomasWeisel: On your cash situation, obviously you continue to build up alot of cash. From anacquisition perspective, areyou still looking aggressively inthe internationalarenas? Are you seeinga lot more activityout there? Has thepricing become more normalized and rational versus where we would have beenthis time last year?
Jim Kelly:  Interms of the markets,clearly given First Data going private is going to have animpact on international expansion, as I think most people know. I think thereis still expectations of strong pricing internationally; I think that is goingto take some time to reset itself. But we seea very, as Paul hassaid many times, avery strong pipeline and we areoptimistic that we will continue to besuccessful on theinternational acquisition front as we have been inthe past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Smith  Merrill Lynch.
Greg Smith  MerrillLynch: Following along on theacquisition commentary, is there any chance you might belooking at anythinglarger? Obviously we have acouple of public companies facing some issues. Is there any chance you may beshifting and possibly looking ata larger potentialacquisition?
Paul Garcia: Wow, Greg, how doI answer that? We look atlots of stuff, and just because something is large or public wouldnt discourageus as long as thefundamentals made sense. We like doing smaller deals; we like doing deals that arestrategic markets or potentially open up new markets to us. That is not to saywe wouldnt consider something. Soyes, we are looking atlots of things. I would tell you though that most of our focus is indeedinternational, as Jim just alluded to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Dodd  Morgan Keegan.
Robert Dodd  MorganKeegan: On theDiscover portfolio inclusion, I know itis small, but can you give us anidea of what your plans areto market that with your direct sales forces, and also how that is flowingthrough to your ISOs atthis point?
Paul Garcia: Robert, we arejust delighted to have done that deal, and thefirst guy to market with that to theISO community. It isbeing marketed exactly theway a Visa MasterCardtransaction is, and many times, priced exactly thesame way. It istypically bundled to amerchant. So if you area merchant target ofour direct salesforce or ISO, we would offer you anall-inclusive product and you would getreporting that was inclusive and acommon number to call for any customer service enquiry, funding. I mean, itis truly a productthat you could accept and not have to go to any additional amount of work tooffer that to your customer. We areseeing a nice uptick; itis another revenue opportunity for our ISOs, itis a revenueopportunity for our direct sales force and we were able to acquire some of thatbusiness that Discover had signed where we had thebank card relationship.
Jim Kelly: Interms of your question on ISO relationships, theprogram that we put inplace and we have previously announced, our four major, largest ISOs havealready been converted and areparticipating in theprogram. Inthose cases, we purchased from Discover themerchants that were related to theVisa/MasterCard accounts of those ISOs and then simultaneously turned aroundand sold them to theISOs so that theyenjoyed the fullbenefit of not just new business, as Paul described, to sign up as aone-stop shop for statement and merchant contracts and thelike, but as well they enjoy thefull benefit of pricing for their existing portfolios. They have been allvery pleased with theprogram and we areanxious to convert therest of our ISOs and hopefully have that done by theend of this summer.
Robert Dodd  MorganKeegan: Financially on that, I amtrying to quantify inmy head and I dont know if I can figure itout, to be honest,what kind of impact could that have on your margins going forward, as well?Because obviously we aretalking about anon-organic increase inthe ISO revenue whichis lower margin and will have adepressing effect. Is that going to bematerial or are yougoing to give us more indications of that ata later date? Can yougive us any hints now?
Joe Hyde:  Itis all positive, bothfor our direct business, thespread increase from what we were earning on acard fee versus now atthe full rate, oreffectively the fullrate, is all positivefor the company, eventaking into account thepurchase price of theportfolio. As well for theISOs, we charged a feefor switching thetransaction to theISO, we are nowcharging them a fullend-to-end processing fee sothat is also additive. Theoffset to it arereally two factors: one, theISO margin overall would berelatively consistent for aDiscover transaction as aVisa, MasterCard transaction for theISO so that is adrag on it. Secondly, Discover while ithas got greatopportunity to grow, itis still relatively small inthe marketplace. Soin total, itis not big enough tohave an impact. Itis all positive, but Idont think it isgoing to be thatnoticeable. But itwill help margins across theboard.
Robert Dodd  MorganKeegan: Moving on to Dolex, can you give us any hints on, areyou looking at any changeson the pricing modelor the commissionmodel, rather? Because obviously any adjustments to pricing atyour end, as far as I understand, donot affect thecommission payouts sothat is where you get amargin hit. Have you had any discussions with any of your agents or yourlarger payout agents with regard to achange inpricing at their end?
Joe Hyde:
 : No, theshort answer is no. I dont believe we have had any direct conversations. Manyof these relationships aremulti-year agreements. I think itis a good point, butthose are based on theopportunities within theagreement and as I said earlier, we areconsidering allopportunities to reduce expenses whether itis at thebranch level, at thecorporate level or at thesettlement level.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will beavailable for replay starting today at7:30 pm and ending atmidnight on January 18, 2008. If you wish to listen to thereplay, please dial 1-800-695-4249. International participants can dial402-220-0322. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for yourparticipation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-09-27 20:15:00) =====
Executives: Jane M. Elliott - VP, IR Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and CEO Joseph C. Hyde - EVP and CFO James G. Kelly - Senior EVP and COO 
Analysts: Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities David Koning - Robert W. Baird Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards David Parker - Merrill Lynch Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities Daniel Hayes - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Global Payments First Quarter Fiscal 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions and answers. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead.
Jane M. Elliott - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and welcome to Global Payments fiscal 2008 first quarter conference call. Joining me on the call today are Paul Garcia, Chairman, President and CEO; Jim Kelly, Senior EVP and COO; and Joe Hyde, EVP and CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. For these statements, we claim the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements as contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While these statements reflect our best current judgment, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise any of these statements to reflect future circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to normalized results, which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated today, September 27, 2007, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website, at www.globalpaymentsinc.com. Now, I'd like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jane and good afternoon everyone. The agenda for our call today is as follows. I will summarize our financial results and review recent trends and events. Then Joe will further discuss our financial results. Next, I will discuss our fiscal '08 outlook and then lastly; Jim, Joe and I will be available for a question-and-answer period. Now for our financial results. We are very pleased with our first quarter results. For the first quarter, our revenue grew 19% to $311 million and our normalized diluted earnings per share grew 6% to $0.54. Our growth was driven by solid performance in our merchant services segment while our money transfer segment met our near-term expectation, both of which I'll discuss in more detail in just a moment. Starting with our merchant segment, our ISOs continue to drive strong organic growth in our domestic direct channel. We continue to have success in retaining our customers and in signing new ones including three new ISOs signed during the past quarter. Our credit and debit card transactions grew 30% for the quarter, with revenue growth of 24%. Due to the continued success of our ISO channel, we are raising our fiscal 2008 annual expectation to high teens to low 20% revenue growth for our domestic direct channel. In Canada, our credit and debit card transactions grew 4% for the quarter, while our revenue grew 9%. Our Canadian revenue growth was largely driven by our transaction growth and a favorable Canadian currency exchange rate. Due to continued strength in this exchange rate, we are raising our fiscal '08 annual expectation to high single-digits to low teens revenue growth for our Canadian channel. Our joint venture with HSBC contributed $16.1 million in revenue for the quarter. Our expectation for fiscal '08 annual Asia-Pacific revenue growth remains at 30% to 40% on a reported basis. On a pro forma basis, our expectation is for low double-digits to high-teen revenue growth. This growth reflects a positive impact from our continued sales initiatives and investments, partially offset by challenges in Taiwan as previously discussed. Additionally, we've made significant progress in converting HSBC's multiple backend platforms onto our existing infrastructure. I'm very pleased to announce that we have completed our first backend conversion in Macau and we are currently focused on conversion efforts for the Hong Kong backend. Our Central and Eastern European merchant channel had revenue growth of 4% in the first quarter with growth in credit and debit card transactions of 10%. Our revenue growth was primarily driven by the favorable impact of our November 2006 Diginet, a favorable year-over-year check currency exchange rate and solid transaction growth. This growth was partially offset by the deconversion of the previously discussed large customer and to a lesser extent price reductions granted on contract renewals. We continue to expect this deconversion to have a mid single-digit unfavorable impact on our fiscal 2008 revenue growth in this channel. As such, our annual fiscal '08 revenue growth expectation remains at the mid single-digit to low double-digit range. Our domestic indirect and other revenue declined 5% during the quarter with 1% decline in credit and debit card transactions. We continue to expect a fiscal '08 annual revenue decline in the low single-digit to high single-digit range. Moving on to our money transfer segment. In the U.S., our transactions grew 13% for the quarter while our revenue grew 1%, which reflect the impact of the competitive domestic pricing environment. Transaction growth was driven by same-store sales expansion as branch acquisitions completed in the quarter. We ended the quarter with 898 domestic branches and 71 European branches as a result of our European branch expansion. We achieved 49% transaction growth and 47% revenue growth in the European channel for the quarter. For fiscal 2008, our expectation for total money transfer segment revenue growth remains in the mid single-digit to low double-digit range. Importantly, we expect our money transfer growth will improve in the second half of fiscal '08 as we anniversary the impact of the pricing trends that I've just discussed. I'll now ask Joe to further discuss our financial results. Joe?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Paul. In our press release, we included GAAP income statements and schedule of that reconcile GAAP to normalized results. Our first quarter GAAP results include $1 million in restructuring charges relating to employee termination benefit in connection with the operating center consolidation plan that we announced in March 2007. These restructuring charges have been excluded from the following discussion. Our merchant services segment operating margin was 27.6% for the quarter, which reflects a decline compared to last year, primarily due to high growth in our lower margin ISO channel and the impact of our Asia-Pacific acquisition, including the effect of investments in sales and infrastructure. For fiscal '08, we continue to expect a merchant services operating margin of 25.5% to 25.9%. Our money transfer segment operating margin was 10.6% for the current quarter, which reflects a decline compared to the prior year, primarily due to the competitive domestic pricing environment that Paul discussed, combined with our branch-based high fixed cost model. For fiscal '08, we continue to expect a money transfer operating margin in the low double-digit percentage range. Our corporate expenses declined during the quarter, primarily due to lower share-based compensation expenses, although we do not expect this trend to continue for the remainder of fiscal '08. For our corporate area, we expect fiscal '08 expense growth ranging from 0% to growth in the low single-digits. Based on our second guidance, we continue to expect a fiscal '08 total company operating margin of 19.1% to 19.5% compared to a normalized fiscal '07 operating margin of 20.8%. These amounts include the impact of stock option expenses in both years, but exclude the impact of restructuring and other charges. Moving to our non-operating line items, we expect $9 million to $12 million in income from the net of our interest and other income, and interest and other expense during fiscal '08. Also for next year, we expect minority interest, net of tax of $8 million to $11 million and an effective tax rate of between 33% and 34%. Lastly, we expect average diluted shares outstanding for the fiscal year to be in the range of 81.0 million to 81.8 million. During the quarter, we completed $67.9 million in open market repurchases of $1.8 million of our shares outstanding at an average price of $37.27 per share, including commissions paid. Capital spending for the quarter was $9.6 million. Our capital expenditures for the quarter primarily related to technology spending including for our new G2 Platform in the U.S., in addition to merchant terminal spending and our operating center consolidation plan. For fiscal '08, we continue to expect capital expenditures of $40 million to $50 million. Paul will now discuss our fiscal '08 guidance and outlook. Paul?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Joe. Based on current market trends and our ongoing growth strategy, we are raising our annual revenue guidance for fiscal 2008 to $1.195 billion to $1.247 billion or approximately 13% to 17% growth over $1.62 billion in fiscal 2007. We are also raising our annual fiscal 2008 diluted earnings per share guidance to $1.87 to $1.96. This reflects growth of 6% to 11% over our fiscal 2007 normalized diluted earnings per share of $1.77. This guidance includes stock option expense, but does not include any other significant acquisitions or potential restructuring and other charges. When I consider the long-term growth prospects of Global Payments, particularly the emerging Asian and Central and Eastern European markets, I continue to be very enthusiastic about our future. We will now go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Charlie Murphey, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Joe, quickly, did you say the 33% to 34% tax rate was for this year?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For fiscal 2008.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Okay, is that a modest raise from last call?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, is that a modest range --
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Rate.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Is that up from last call, and if so why?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it is a modest range... rate from last call, and it's really the effect of relatively more earnings in our higher tax rate jurisdictions like North America, relative to our international areas. We are continuing to have to take valuation allowance in certain Asia-Pacific subsidiaries due to the investment that we are making there, and we are just not able to take advantage... full advantage of the lower tax rate in that region.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then... thanks very much. Paul, I was wondering if you could describe how your business plans may change in the event of a forced lower interchange in Europe.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you're referring to some of the... some of the news as also some news out that hit the wire today about Justice is looking at possible collusion with the associations domestically to an interchange. And there is always a rash of these, Charlie, as you well know. Bottom line is lower interchange, typically so along as it is still significant enough to encourage card issuers to be in the business. Lower interchange is a good thing for the merchant acquirer. It's a good thing for our merchants obviously because they receive some benefits of that. But typically, depending on the size of the merchant, there is something leftover for the acquirer, so generally that's very good news in any geography.
Charles Murphey - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Liz Grausam from Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great. Having seen [ph] the merchant services, we certainly saw a pretty steep acceleration particularly in your direct business this quarter. Can you help break this out certainly with some of the concerns around consumer spending in the market just given the overall economic backdrop? How much of that was really driven by ISO conversions and new wins in your business and what are you seeing from kind of a same-store sales transaction trends in your business right now across credit and debit?
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Liz, let me do the beginning of that and than I'll ask Joe to pick up. I would say that in having discussions with our ISO customers and some of the experience we have with our own sales force, we are not seeing much of an impact from consolidating credit markets and issues that are affecting our economy. Now, you know, it isn't a precise science and we have such a diversified portfolio that we are fairly buffered it from any impact anyway. But I would say, we are not seeing much change either in same-store or an impact from our ISOs. Joe?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The fourth quarter in asset direct revenue grew 18% and the first quarter of this year grew 24%. That's a 6% variance. Half of that came from the improvements in the ISO channel and the other half were improvements in our direct sales and check and gaming channels. The ISO channel is... most of the ISOs are continuing to grow very strong, if not one in particular. There was a decent extra repricing that we believe that the ISOs took advantage of and that has a positive impact on our revenue. And then on the direct sales and check and gaming, we've just gotten past some repricing that have occurred in prior years and we're just making good progress in both of those channels.
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And after being in kind of a teen, high teens growth range last year in that direct business, should we be looking for this type of growth in the 20% plus range sustainability for the end of the year or through the end of year? Is that the vast majority of the upside in your guidance going forward?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We did raise the guidance in domestic direct for the year and the ISO revenue is not an easy number to forecast. We basically are basing it on recent trends. I would expect... I haven't seen anything that would cause them to think that those trends are going to change over the next couple of quarters. I would expect in the fourth quarter to have sequential slow down compared to the third quarter just as a result of the big ISO conversion that we completed in that fourth quarter and the effect of some of these Visa, MasterCard repricings that have occurred.
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great. And then just on the money transfer segment, we certainly saw better data come out of Mexico for the month of July. Can you kind of help us understand what you've seen in that business in terms of transaction trends versus pricing trends over the course of the quarter and how you're feeling about that market now? It certainly feels a little bit more stable across the industry?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Liz that's relative to pricing... actually, that's stabilized at least against the major competitors, our two larger competitors. Our sales to smaller players, it would mean pretty intense on price, I'm not sure that it is over in terms of price compressions, but nothing close to what we've seen in the past for the last couple of quarters. It's been relatively constant. As Joe said in his comments, we should see that annualize by the third quarter in the second half of the year.
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: And the transaction trends?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We've seen... at least domestically, we've seen pretty good transaction growth in the low teens. Europe as we commented on is substantially higher but hasn't faced the headwinds of our construction market, change in the U.S. together with the innovation challenges.
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Liz.
Operator: Kartik Mehta, FTN Midwest, your line is open.
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research: Thank you. A question on the HSBC joint venture policy, if you look at that joint venture, I am assuming you're anticipating better margins as we move forward. Would the margin impact be the result of investments you are making now or is it scale? So, I guess, what I am trying to figure out is, is scale going to solve all your margin issues or is it that the investments using less money for the business is going to help?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's a... it's actually even a little more complicated than that. The... Kartik, the issue is this was a pretty profitable business and we've taken it if anything as, pretty significantly downwards to profitability because of the amount of investments we are making in the business. And it's all about building that scale. It's all about growing that business significantly. But you will add to that the conversion efforts. Now this first conversion that we did in Macau is a big deal. I mean that is... it worked well, we picked Macau because it's the smallest market, but it worked well. And we are going to be rolling out Hong Kong next in actually pretty short order. Hong Kong is the biggest market of that entire JV as it currently stands. So that would yield some pretty significant savings down the road as well. So its kind of a double pronged approach, make big events means to grow this business aggressively taking advantage of HSBC's fantastic footprint through Asia. And then make the investments to have the most efficient operation you can, and its going to be a while before these margins are even close to what we are joined here in the U.S. but over time I think these are very accretive margins, I mean significant accretive is my expectation over time.
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research: Great and then a last question maybe a little bit bigger picture Paul. You've always said you have opportunities for acquisitions. As you look at the marketplace today, do you believe those opportunities are still relevant out there or does it make sense to leverage the balance sheet and buyback shares. So I guess, you know, you weigh those two options, the options to invest in the business and grow the business and improve margin through acquisition, a bigger opportunity than buying back shares?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's a great question Kartik and you can imagine I hit that fairly often else was the dividend question is still on the top of it, you know, how about some how about a big dividend. I think that we have a fair amount of cash, we are great cash generator. We actually believe that the first and foremost use for our cash is to make acquisitions. Now we haven't exactly been announcing a lot of them recently, but you shouldn't read into that that we don't have very active pipeline and quite frankly, we've walked away from a number that we could have, we could have done if we were simply prepared to do dilutive deals or deals that didn't meet our criteria. And there should be some sense that we are still very disciplined. I think the acquisition pipeline has been... never been better. We have a major competitor whose position changed recently, and who knows that that has any impact on particularly international opportunities. I believe it could, although we'll have to wait and see. So I'd say, stay tuned, hopefully, we will have the thing to talk about in the next quarters on activity in terms of acquisitions and you'll be pleased where we are putting that money to use. However, that said and done, we did... we did announce a $100 million buyback. We've purchased almost three quarters of that, $68 million of that stock, about 1.8 million shares. And I know that's modest but that's just the first time we've ever done that. And would we consider other programs? We might and that's something that we would discuss with our Board from time to time after we get through this $100 million authorized amount.
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research: Great. Thank you very much.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Kartik. Thanks.
Operator: Dan Perlin, Wachovia Securities, your line is open.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Thanks, hey Paul. I wanted to talk about your ISO conversion pipeline. As I went back and looked at the numbers today, it looks like you've done, including the three that you'd just announced, somewhere between 13 and 15 new ISO signings in the past, kind of 12, 18 months. So I'm wondering you've signed them, but how many of those have actually been converted?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Dan, there's a couple different mixed metaphors here. The one that Joe referred to would be a question that Liz asked earlier about, is this growth because you had a big ISO, can it continue? You announced 24%. Why doesn't that continue in your direct channel? And we're telling you to... it's high teens to low 20% range. One of those ISOs were the really big guy and that really annualized, and that will have an impact on this overall growth. But --
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Was that the one you did in the fourth quarter?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Say it again?
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Was that the one you did in the fourth quarter?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It was one we've talked about last year and it began, I think in mid of --
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: You did it in October.
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Quarter, so by now the fourth quarter.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay, yes.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Now, the other ISOs, you know, Dan, I don't want to guess, but my guess is after saying I am not going to guess, I am going to guess. I would say we are virtually all converted because a number of these are ISOs that have been started by individuals we are familiar with that perhaps sold their businesses or incubating new one, or their concepts we believe in. And they are starting at a smaller base. It's more of a build scenario and they pretty much don't have any big portfolio to convert. Jim, you want to add some color.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: All the ones that we've announced previously, they have been converted. Generally, the largest ones take maybe six months, longest; maybe nine months. But generally from sign to conversion, it's a three to six-month time period.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. So there is not a big conversion kind of number of merchants that are going to come over because I know in the past, you had kind of two kinds of ISOs. One was you had a big conversion portfolio of merchants that would come over and this is probably the one you are talking about in the fourth quarter. And then you had some merchants or some ISOs that would give you the incremental business but not the entire business?
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I see what you are driving at. There isn't another big guy that we announced amongst those ISOs that you mentioned that is waiting to swing huge amounts of business to us. These have been smaller deals.
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And generally what you are describing notably is the front-end... the terminal side of the business, the front-end with a competitive platform. And instead of repeating a conversion of the front-end --
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Right.
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They would convert the backend and all the new business would be... would be on global at that point.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Are there opportunities as a result of first data that you see that could happen in the course of the next six to nine months?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think any time there is a change, change causes people to look around and so we hope it's an opportunity, but... and they are very strong competitor and I don't expect that because they are in a different structure that they are going to be less of a competitor.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. We have been hearing that the interchange categories in Canada might be expanding. So I guess one, is that true? And then two, if so, do you think you are going to be able to benefit from price increases potentially?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The plan I think it is for next fiscal year, but I am not entirely precise on that. But for us, next fiscal year there at least the Visa side is changing its pricing structure. I don't know whether it's been publicly announced, if I would want to comment here.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: But that they are going to modify it pretty substantially the way they calculate and reimburse or pay each of them and acquire us on interchange.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: And that should presumably be pretty good for you guys?
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, it's Dan. I would say that Canada as you recall, it has a portfolio of much larger versions.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Right.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: In that scenario they are priced similarly to large merchants in the U.S. which is more of a pass through.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: So, that's scenario, there is no opportunity to really do anything but pass through interchange. For the smaller merchants, however, that opportunity certainly exists, to keep a reasonably small amount.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: And then one last quick question. With this I guess Visa deadline ultimately looming for the end of this calendar, at least start of it, I am wondering if you are supplying your ISOs with on a terminal... new terminals that would give them the opportunity to go in and maybe incrementally drive their revenue growth for you?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: This started probably 7, 8 years ago. It is... it hasn't been our practice to resell terminals to ISOs unless they are very small ISOs that need our systems. All our major ISOs have multi-year relationship with the major providers of phone, Hypercom, Jennco [ph] used to be with in prior and so they were seeing them directly and many of the ISOs that we did business with have attractive placement programs with merchants that effectively put a merchant... internal help for free provided that there is a multi year contract or relationship with the ISO. And I think that's one of the things that has driven growth, accelerated growth in the last couple of years is this concept of placing terminals. Not all ISOs do it but some of the larger ones have been very effective in that market.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. I was just really referring to Jim's earlier comments, or Joe's earlier comments, excuse me, about capital spending and he mentioned terminal spending?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, our capital spending would largely be Asia where price terminals are sold, those terminals are ours. As well as in Canada we are in a rental model there and this a fact when we acquired the business those businesses from CIBC and National Bank, they would own the terminals in random to the customers and therefore we are required to have those terminals on our balance sheet as an asset. In the last starting maybe 18 months or so ago, we've gone through a process of having to recycle all our terminals in Canada from non-ENB terminals to ENB terminals. That's causing a more significant investment that will run out in the next 18 months or 2 years we should be just through bulk of that replacement.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Super. Thank you very much.
Operator: Dave Koning from Baird; your line is open.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Yes. Hi, guys. Nice results.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: When we look at the merchant operating margins going forward, I guess first of all when you kind of look at last year's progression from Q1 to Q2 that there was a pretty significant fall offs some where around 500 basis points. I know last year we had some re-pricings in Asia-Pac coming on. I am just wondering this year how we should think a margin progression from Q1 to Q2. It seems like it should be down, but probably not as much as last year and maybe if you could comment on that a little bit?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I do believe that the first quarter margin is higher relative to season... or due to seasonality, and you would expect a similar drop off in Q2, maybe not as much as we saw last year, but it should likely drop off. And the rest of year isn't as affected by seasonality. I will remind you though that in the third quarter... last year in the merchant business, we benefited significantly from Canadian card association centers, a multimillion dollar revenue and earnings impact in that quarter that caused that third quarter margin to be higher than it otherwise would, so pay attention to that in the third quarter of this year when you are looking at year-over-year margin comparisons.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Great, thanks. And just one follow-up, if you could comment a little bit about the Discover relationship and what impact you estimate for this fiscal year?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I don't believe we've separately disclosed the size of it, but the Discover relationship for our Global Direct and our Comerica relationship began effective September 1st. So we've converted off the Discover system all merchants that were previously accepting cards and processing through Discover. They're now processing through Global. And then in addition, we've enabled and contacted all the merchants that are Global, again Global Direct and Comerica through our joint venture. We've contacted those who were not previously accepters to now let to know that they can accept Discover cards as they would a Visa, MasterCard. So we're excited about the program and the conversion was very smooth, and we are now poised starting October to convert our ISOs. We will be purchasing our portfolios and then reselling to ISOs beginning October and that will run the balance of our fiscal year.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thank you.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Tony Wible, Citigroup, you're line is open.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Hi. I had a question, Paul. Are we entering a phase in the U.S. market where just the ISOs are just naturally going to continue to gain more market shares, a kind of maturity creeps in and we see a lot of dichotomy emerging between what the compensation is if these ISOs versus some of the direct sales forces some of the bank on processors?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Tony, I didn't get the last part of that. Tony, could you repeat that last part of your comment.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Sure. It just basically it seems like there's a dichotomy that's emerging where you have different compensation structure for some of these ISOs and you do with some of the bank on processors that clearly aren't growing at the same kind of rates that you are. So I am wondering if this is the beginning of a bigger secular trend you see emerging where ISOs are going to continue to pick up more share?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, Tony, that's a tough one. I will tell you that we do have a high expectation for our ISOs, but they seem to favorably surprise us every quarter. I mean these guys are... we keep saying, the large numbers are going to kick in and the bottom line is we are blessed with some of the largest, most successful ISOs. And it just seems that they go from strength to strength. They get stronger, they get bigger, they get more creative and I do believe you clearly have two sets of ISOs, have the have and have nots. I think it... but the ISOs are pretty strictly focused on the mid-market to small merchant. I mean there are exceptions where some of ISOs have fairly decent size customers, but typically their sweet spot because of the commission or the sales force is the mid to small size merchant.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Great.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And the direct efforts that go on with our competitors and our own are kind of in a different sphere and they are not growing as quickly as the ISOs grow either. So there, you know, in that scenario there are probably it's a dichotomy.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Got you. And within Asia, is it possible to get us... I know we'll soon have an organic year-over-year kind of growth rate that we are now seeing and where would you anticipate some of the investments made to-date in Asia starting to pay dividend?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I will take the last part and I'll let Joe speak to the... to the first part. In terms of paying dividend, Tony, I would argue we're getting dividends now. I mean we have a sales force that's over 300 and growing. They are costing us more than they are producing, but yes, the seeds are being sown for a successful program. We look at how much business they are bringing per person and a number of metrics, and that's all looking very good. So I'd say that we are getting the return of that investment right now. In terms of the investment we made, we talk about Macau, that's a big deal; getting Hong Kong converted, it's a big deal; adding management; adding expertise; getting relationships with FARs [ph]. I mean all the things we are spending time and energy. But in terms of producing those accretive margins that I talked about that's a much longer... I would be hesitant to give you an exact timeframe, but it's not this fiscal year clearly. I mean this is going to be... it's going to be a bit until... I think these margins improved and the business is showing steady improvement. But it's going to be sometime before this thing really pays the dividend. I just give one quick aside. Coca-Cola, never don't... commented recently although Asia is a massive part of China in particular, massive market for them, one of their largest still continues an investor strategy.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Right.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Looking to continue to make investment to reap different rewards down downstream, does not try to maximize the near-term and I think that's a good lesson.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Is it fair to say that when you are looking to deploy cash then that is probably makes more sense to spend cash on acquisitions in other markets outside Asia other than in Asia to spend it more organically?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that is correct and part of it is, is more difficult to make acquisitions in Asia too quite frankly. I mean it's... you have to have years of relationship with financial institutions and of course it has to tuck-in with our relationship with HSBC, but there really is some opportunities to do some smaller deals there. But it is more of an organic structure and the acquisitions we are looking at probably are more focused outside of those markets, Central and Eastern Europe in particular.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Last question, dealing with the money transfer business. Can you just talk about the competitive environment particularly when it comes to foreign exchange spread, I don't know if you have been seeing less competition there, as the peso was weakened versus the dollar, seems like some of your competitors might be capturing more of the foreign exchange spread, is that also an opportunity for DolEx?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Our pricing is market by market and it's really branch-by-branch and it will be against the competitors and each of the major competitors are always around the corner, So, I don't think that you give a sweeping statement. We have... we remain competitive whether it is commission... on the commission side or on the FX side relative to the market, and what works in the local market and one price does not fit all these different markets. As I said earlier though, I think the large decline we saw last year in price, we have not seen a continuation of that, it is flattened out substantially from where it was previously.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: So quarter-to-date is that trend still hold up, is there been in the more recent change kind of post quarter-end?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes it is still holding up.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Great.
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As we speak.
Tony Wible - Citigroup Smith Barney: Thank you.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Andrew Jeffrey, Robinson Humphrey; your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi, good afternoon. Paul, thinking about Europe, a market that should give you some pretty growth here, I realize you are sort of yet to anniversary a major customer deconversion, but as you get out to the back half of this year and you look out to '09, shouldn't this be a market for you that drives not only some pretty decent revenue growth acceleration, but also maybe a little better contribution to segment profitability?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Andrew you are exactly correct on both fronts. In fact it's... the margins in our business today are quite attractive. So it already is a great margin driver and in terms of revenues, we... when these things anniversary including the price concessions we made, which happens in not too distant future, we are looking at I think solidly growing business that's expanding steadily without benefit of any acquisition opportunities. And I am hopeful, one or two of those pops too. So with all that said and done, I'm very bullish of that market and unlike Asia, there is near term margin accretion in that business, immediate.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right, okay. And then it seems like we are creeping toward some stabilization in the domestic merchant profitability, if you sort of try to strip out HSBC. And if you look at the ins and the outs of ISO conversions and pricing, and growth within the installed base of ISOs, is that... directionally, as we look at past 2008, a decent assumption or does the continued growth in the ISO is just mechanically given the gross revenue reporting drive down the margin maybe to slower pace. I am just trying to gauge directionally how you think about segment profitability given all the plusses and minuses?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew, as the ISOs continue to grow, that's what's causing the margin impact. So those ISOs are going back in '09. That margin impact will likely be there. Our strategy is to continue to invest in that channel. It's a wonderful channel. It's providing earnings growth for us. But to also ultimately get back to margin growth through expansion in earnings in our international areas, as well as improvements in our non-ISO areas in our North America channels, but no other really detailed comment other than that for future years.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Can I infer Joe then, that there is the potential for a deceleration in the decline?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that's clearly the potential as our investments. If international can grow that will cause a deceleration of that margin decline relative to where we are today.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And then we necessarily DolEx is also much smaller impact, but Andrew, DolEx was the margin just producing highly dilutive to what we are experiencing.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right, right. I appreciate that. Thanks a lot.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Larry Berlin from First Analysis, your line is open.
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: Good afternoon guys. Hope you're doing well.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Larry, how's it going?
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: Good. Good. Go Cubs?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's interesting who Hillary Clinton will support, which is for the Yankees or the Cubs.
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: Hey, it depends on which stake has more money of course.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That's what she said last night.
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: Yes. I'm sure. A couple of quick questions for you. First, Paul, you spoke so fast I missed what you said is growth for the Asian markets?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think what I talked about growth in Asian markets, it was in answer to a question of at what point do you produce... first of all, can you produce accretive volumes in Asia, and I said yes, we actually can. And then secondly, when do we think that will happen? I didn't give a definitive timeframe.
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: I meant your guidance at the very front, when you did the original comments.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, sure I got that. I think I said.
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The Asia guidance on a pro forma basis is low double-digit revenue growth to high teen revenue growth, and on a reported basis, its growth of 30% to 40%.
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: Okay, great. Hey, and what was the stock-based compensation for the quarter or the option-based compensation?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the total share-based compensation, which would include not only stock options but also restricted stock of roughly $3 million in the quarter.
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: Okay. So then one last thing, on your direct sales force within the United States, I am just curious how you feel about their progress and how they are doing in hitting the merchants and merchant categories, and where you might have them focused at this point?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a great question, Larry. I am delighted with the progress we've made during the quarter. We are getting stronger and stronger. It still have to go some to move the needle just to get the base businesses so big. But I feel very good about the management there. I think we are finally figuring this out. I mean years ago, we had it and we kind of lost our way and I think we are back to getting it again. It's about referrals and we are signing up some referral sources primary community banks, but also some very clever other sources such as web hosting businesses that are involved in merchant activity, and some other kind of atypical referrals sources, plus just good solid management in that group. So I saw some great statistics for the quarter and I'm hopeful that continues. And since that's under Jim, I will give him a chance to say something.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you. There is nothing more to add there.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's good enough.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I think you are serious... sorry Larry. [Multiple Speakers]
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: It's okay.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We've replaced essentially the entire management team over the last 18 months, and the team today is headed up by Ed Myers and Ed and his team are doing a terrific job. And as Paul said, this is a multiyear effort, but we're seeing numbers for the first time that are moving in the direction that we are pleased with.
Lawrence Berlin - First Analysis: Great. Thank you very much guys. Have a good evening.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Bye, Larry.
Operator: Tim Willi from A.G. Edwards, your line is opened.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Thanks. Actually, it's Tracey McMillin sitting for Tim. Starting off, I guess in Europe I am curious about your comments, the challenges that you faced in the past I suppose as far as bank's resistance to adopting let's say your more traditional sales method. Can you talk about that? I understand your opportunities the banks' stance and sort of that cultural difference if you will. Can you kind of touch on that topic?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I think the European issue is that we are in a indirect processing business today in Europe. So we... you have a pretty big uphill battle to sign a financial institution and convince them to switch all over to merchant processing. It's not like signing big ISO. To switch to merchant processing from members are using internally, externally to you and then of course you don't have the control on how much business they bring in because it's their sales force; it's an indirect model, great way to enter market. But long term, I think you want to move up to a direct model. But find a way to do so that you are in partnership or at least not competing or least have the blessings of your major customers. Now, we had a process of developing that strategy, we are executing on our indirect model. We have signed new customers well beyond the Czech Republic. We have opened new markets, I think probably most significantly Russia, with our efforts in those markets are yielding results. We've expanded to Slovakia, obviously we are in Poland and we are going to other markets in Eastern and Central Europe. Also, with an acquisition in the Bosnia in the Balkans, offers opportunities too. But for now these are indirect models. We are looking at our potential to pursue the next phase of added conjunction with our customers and... but I am excited about what we are getting, we are getting a reasonable revenue lift from the indirect model, but the expectation is that you could accelerate that through a direct model.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Is there I guess, are you getting the sense that there's the potential for one of your major clients or a new signing to be in the more traditional direct model?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's fair to say that European banks are not unlike U.S. banks. They recognize, they do some things well, and some things they don't do as well. So, the answer is... the short answer to that is yes.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay. Switching to Asia, just want to hit on the couple of the big key points I think you offered before and if you've mentioned these I apologize, you just mentioned your sales force is still slightly above 300, is that right?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay. And you've made one conversion so far. I guess just maybe update on the training process you've talked in great detail in the past as far as almost starting with... from scratch, you know, sort of how that's going, the success that they are having, maybe some challenges that you are having in bringing on... or moving people up the chain as far as in training and management positions and sales activities?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I could speak... I could speak for hours on that, but I will say that we've been more successful in some markets than others. We haven't made the success, the leaps I hope to in India, we still have a long way to go there. It's a massive market, but there is massive training obstacles. But in some markets we made huge advances in added people. We are actually starting to turnaround Taiwan. We are seeing a positive impact that business has gone south significantly. We have new talent in there. We have better tools, better training, better management, and I am seeing that turnaround. Some other markets that were not significant for us are starting to look pretty good. So I would say it's still very much a work in progress and we are spending a lot of time and energy on it.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay. And then as far as the changes... the final changes, I suppose in China and foreign banks allowance issue cards, can you talk about I guess your... when do you think that's going to start to trickle through or you guys would be able to benefit from that in any --?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We actually have an application to be able to acquire R&D transactions, local currency transactions. Our financial institutions can't today issue cards --
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Right.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Local currency, and we are in the process of applying to the governmental authorities to... and the regulatory bodies within China to give us the ability to do that and that process is in place. But even when that happens, you are not going to see a huge swing. Most of the... I mean the lion share of the revenue in China comes from international transactions.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Yes, okay. Switching to the U.S. markets, as far as the ISOs, I wanted to dig into that... the specific industry as a whole. Just curious if you look at the ISO industry and what's going on within that specific sector, are you seeing consolidation say, among the... let's call it the unregistered ISOs and registered ISOs? Are they... are you seeing sort of the growth of the larger more tech savvy, if you will, gobbling up the smaller ones. The smaller ones maybe having more difficulty in kind of disappearing or are you seeing growth throughout from the... let's say, the level three or four small ones up through the full liability and larger say super ISOs?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I would think it's a little more the latter, although the big guy seem to be growing at a disproportionately quicker rate. But they are not moving through acquisitions. This is organic growth where our ISOs haven't done any big deals acquiring other ISOs. This is true organic growth because they have the means. We talked about terminals earlier. They have the ability to do a number of things including provide free devices. They have new products. They are aggressive in pricing because they have the ability to pay commissions at a more handsome rate. So the big ISOs as I said earlier are going from strength to strength, but the smaller ISOs are doing okay too. They still have nice growth rates, just not these massive growth rates the big ISOs are experiencing.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay. And just sort of touching on one last topic on that item. We've heard more and more about smaller tech providers or companies that are focusing on helping ISOs with whether it's data analytics, reporting, different devices. I mean, is that... do you see that as a) do you see it? b) do you see it any threat as far as taking some opportunities from you or is that a complement to what you guys are currently doing?
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I think there is very little of that in the marketplace. If you go to the ETA, you'll see a lot of vendors showing. But traditionally, ISOs are self service. They handle everything in-house and what they can't handle in-house, they use processors such as Global and in rare instances, they will use companies maybe to assist in creating a CRM solution for their customer service tools. But beyond that, I think it is fairly limited. Now there are some ISOs that are much more focused on technology solutions where they are not selling terminals and they are more gateway providers, or mini gateway providers. But beyond that, I think the ISOs run a very efficient lean organization and they generally don't use outsiders.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay, all right. Two last quick ones on. Can you breakout your depreciation by segment. Do you have that available?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I do not have that in front of me, but it will be in the 10-Q that we will file next week.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay. And then as far as your... the actual agent location growth, did you close any locations in the recent quarter in the U.S.?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You mean in terms of our processing facilities?
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: I'm sorry. I'm speaking of DolEx.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'm sorry.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Each quarter there are branches that we either opened, we acquire, and then there are branches that are underperforming and that could be for a variety of reasons; but yes, we do close branches. I don't think we report. We would report a net number. I don't think we report open and closes and acquisitions. We're doing very little in terms of opening new locations and for those that are circling because of the recent price impressions, we've closed some.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay. And in Europe, I was just wondering. It seems like a white number, I guess, and just a quarter-over-quarter growth maybe, maybe not, but was there some slowdown or reason for... I know it's a very small area, just curious.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No. I don't think there was a slowdown. We're continuing to open branches. Maybe at a slightly slower rate than we had in the last year, but...and we closed one or two outside of the Spanish market where Spain is clearly our largest market, but nothing significant. Actually, all the branches in Spain are doing quite well.
Tracey McMillin - A. G. Edwards: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: David Parker from Merrill Lynch, your line is open.
David Parker - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon everyone.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
David Parker - Merrill Lynch: I just have one question. You mentioned in one of your responses that your success in gaming was driving some of the growth in the direct domestic business. Can you just provide some more color specifically around maybe some of that wins that you had? How you are differentiating yourself in the marketplace and your strategy going forward in that business?
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, we offer three primary services: ATM as we do through our third party, and then two in-house solutions. One, which is cash advance, and the other is a check cashing effectively. We do that through a card that we issue called a VIP card. We believe at least on the check side that our product is a better mouse strap than we win a lot of deals not because of price but because of the solutions that we offer. I think it is an area that we in the last couple of years have struggled on was the cash advance side of the business, cash on the credit card, that product is called player cash. You speak of cash and win and that has seen a turn, where we are able to successfully sell multiple products into properties as opposed to just one or the other. We wouldn't necessarily list of the names, but these are everything from reservation properties to properties along the Mississippi coast and river boats as well as the primary properties in and around Las Vegas.
David Parker - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Adam Frisch from UBS, your line is open.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Adam.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: I was wondering if you could talk about the domestic direct channel, I am surprised its almost 6 o'clock and no one has asked about margins yet, because the turn of events are on the revenues you kind of touched on, but the up tick in margins, I think is also pretty significant last quarter since the first quarter of last year. Do you guys track this segment on a sequential basis to asses the operating trends or is there enough seasonality to look at it on a year-over-year basis?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we look at both it ways, Adam, but we do have a seasonality issue in the first quarter. It's not an issue but just that in Canada we have higher spending in June, July and August. So the first quarter margin from that perspective will likely be the highest margin of the year on an absolute basis.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Okay. So we are seeing revenues get better, margins do... should we continue to see that transpire through the year or are there events we should be aware of that would create a tougher comp at some point or a bump in the road later on in the year like a conversion or renewal anniversary or something like that?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are talking about the merchant market?
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Yes.
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: They had... and as I said before, the third quarter of last year, we benefited from Canadian card association incentive, and the year-over-year margin difference in that third quarter will probably be the second largest decline of the year. The first quarter, we had 450 basis point margin decline, in this quarter what we are calling for a 200 to 240 basis point decline for the full year. So that implies that decline gets better over the last three quarters of the year, which is a positive. The second biggest decline, as I said, will likely be the third quarter. So you should definitely take that into account when looking at your model for margins and for earnings per share.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Okay, great. And then one final thing, are there any areas or metrics in which you are seeing signs of increasing or beginning weakness in the economy, some people look at things like furniture stores or electronic stores of something like that, is there anything out there that's suggesting to you that the consumer is starting to roll a little bit?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I will tell you kind of... this is more anecdotal but I will tell you that I have association with somebody that has a big furniture operation and he says it's a very tough market. He is also in the Southeast in a big way, and in particular in Florida, he is feeling it. But as I said earlier, Adam, we are probably not in Delaware that everyone thinks we are because our portfolio is so diversified that in our ISOs and I had conversions with ISOs as does Jim and Joe, we just aren't seeing that as much, but I will tell you that I see it, I read it and I talk to guys about that but it just not necessarily translate into something that's palpable.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Even in the restaurant space because I know you guys are diverse and maybe not a good indicator, but you know the signs that you saw in prior downturn, and stuff so I thought?
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We have and... but I'll tell you a lot of our ISOs are heavily restaurant-based and --
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: And they are still doing okay?
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Adam, we don't generally try to measure as a rule all our merchants' comp year-over-year, you have allocations and other changes. It would be a challenge to measure at that level. I think it's a good comment, but I don't think we have good statistics on year-over-year. Most of our... all of our growth is coming through gaining market share either in our direct business or in ISO business.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: And Adam, there's one other thing you have to say that, that there is another peculiarity. It is even in this guy that I know who has this French operation, credit cards still accounts for a larger percentage of the sales every year, and you have that up tick too, and that kind of throws a curved ball into all those measures.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: I think a lot of people forget that the secular trends versus the consumer trends?
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Exactly.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Those are two different concepts --
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: I think a lot of people forget about that stuff. Okay, guys. Thanks a lot.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Adam.
Adam B. Frisch - UBS Securities: Nice quarter.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question will be from Mark Sproule from Thomas Weisel. Your line is open.
Daniel Hayes - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi. Thanks guys. This is Dan Hayes in for Mark. If you could just comment briefly on your Canadian segment, do you know despite almost 10% growth lag in the rest of the segment and this with a fairly strong currency, is there anything that we should know about there, any issues or any opportunities, just a little more color there? Thanks guys.
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I think the Canadian business that we've talked about in the past is a much more mature market, slower growth rates. We are not as invested in the ISO although we have some of our U.S. ISOs as well as Canadian-based ISOs that support the business. We have also a much larger market share in Canada than we are in the United States and therefore we are going to move more like to market than you are going to see in the U.S. And we have a heavy concentration of debit, and debit growth in Canada is at a much slower speed than what you would see in the United States. Otherwise... and there was size, the businesses we think doing terrific. It's a high margin business and a great management team that's been supporting it since we acquired the business in 2001.
Daniel Hayes - Thomas Weisel Partners: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Well, thank you everybody for joining us on our call today. We tremendously appreciate your continued support of Global Payments.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 6:30 PM and ending at midnight on October 11th, 2007. If you wish to listen to the replay, please dial 866-385-0198, or international participants can dial 203-369-0395. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-07-27 10:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jane M. Elliott - VP, IR   Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and CEO   Joseph C. Hyde - EVP and CFO   James G. Kelly - Senior EVP and COO 
Analysts: Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corporation   Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse   Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities   Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs   Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company   Gregory Smith - Merill Lynch   Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey   Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan   Adam Frisch - UBS   Thomas McCrohan - Jenny Montgomery Scott   Wayne Johnson - Raymond James   Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners   Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan   Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley   Tony Wible - Citigroup 
Operator: Good morning. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Global Payments Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later, we will open the lines for questions and answers. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference will be recorded.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Jane Elliott. Please go ahead. 
Jane M. Elliott - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Global Payments' fiscal 2007 fourth quarter and year-end conference call. Joining me on the call today are Paul Garcia, Chairman, President and CEO; Jim Kelly, Senior EVP and COO; and Joe Hyde, EVP and CFO.  Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made by management during the conference call contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. For these statements, we claim the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While these statements reflect our best current judgment, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary, which are discussed in our public releases including our most recent 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise any of these statements to reflect future circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events.  In addition, some of the comments made on this call may refer to normalized results which are not in accordance with GAAP. Management believes that normalized results more clearly reflect comparative operating performance. For a full reconciliation of normalized to GAAP results in accordance with Regulation G, please see our press release filed as an exhibit to our Form 8-K dated this morning, July 26, 2007, which may be located under the Investor Relations area on our website at www.globalpaymentsinc.com.  Now, I would like to introduce Paul Garcia. Paul? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jane. Good morning everyone. The agenda for our call today is as follows. I will summarize our financial results and review recent trends and events. Then, Joe will further discuss our financial results as well as provide an update on our next generation technology platforms as promised. Next, I will discuss our fiscal '08 outlook and lastly, Jim, Joe, and I will be available for a question-and-answer period.  Now, for our financial results. We delivered solid fiscal '07 results. For the fourth quarter, our revenue grew 17% to $280 million and our normalized diluted earnings per share grew 10% to $0.45. For the year, our revenue grew 17% to 1.062 billion and our normalized diluted earnings per share grew 21% to $1.87.  Our growth was driven by good performance in our merchant services segment while our money transfer segment met our near-term expectations both of which I will discuss in a moment.  Starting with our merchant services segment, our ISOs continue to drive growth in our domestic direct channel. We continue to have success in retaining our customers and in signing new ones, including three new ISOs signed in this quarter.  Our credit and debit card transactions grew 29% for the quarter with revenue growth of 18%. For the full year, our transactions grew 25% with revenue growth of 16%. Our spread for the quarter increased in the low single digits while spread remained constant for the full year. This reflects the favorable impacts of smaller merchants added through our ISOs which generally have higher spreads than larger merchants. This favorable impact on spread was mostly offset by pricing compression related to merchants added through our direct sales force. For fiscal 2008, we are expecting low-teen to high-teen annual revenue growth for our domestic direct channel.  In Canada, both our credit and debit card transactions as well as our revenues grew 5% for the quarter. For the fiscal year, our credit and debit card transactions grew 4% while our revenue grew 8%. We experienced a low single-digit decline in our Canadian credit card spread for the quarter, and a mid single-digit decline for the full year.  For the year, our Canadian revenue growth was primarily driven by a favorable Canadian currency exchange rate and card association incentive revenue. For fiscal 2008, we are expecting high single-digit to low double-digit annual revenue growth for our Canadian channel.  Our joint venture with HSBC contributed $13.4 million in revenue for the quarter and $48.4 million in revenue for the full year. The full year results reflect the momentum achieved in the Asia-Pacific region through our sales initiatives as previously discussed. This momentum was particularly offset... partially offset by revenue growth challenges in Taiwan as a result of the unfavorable credit environment compared to prior year.  We do, however, believe that our Taiwan revenue has stabilized, and we expect growth in this country during fiscal '08. Additionally, we've made significant progress in converting HSBC's multiple back-end platforms on to our existing infrastructure. I am pleased to announce that we are ahead of schedule, and that we will complete the first of these conversions prior to the end of our '07 calendar year.  On a reported basis, for fiscal 2008, we are expecting annual Asia-Pacific revenue growth of between 30 to 40% which reflects the impact of improved organic growth and a partial year of results during fiscal '07. On a pro forma basis for fiscal '08, we are expecting annual revenue growth in the low double digits to high-teen range.  Our Central and Eastern European merchant channel had revenue growth of 15% in the fourth quarter with growth in credit and debit card transactions of 11%. For the year, revenue grew 9% with credit and debit card transactions growth of 15%.  Our revenue growth during fiscal '07 was primarily driven by a favorable year-over-year Czech currency exchange rate, our Diginet acquisition and strong transaction growth. This growth was partially offset by price reductions granted on contract renewals as well as the de-conversion of the previously discussed large customer which was substantially completed by the end of our fiscal '07 as anticipated.  During fiscal 2008, we expect this de-conversion to have a mid single digit and favorable impact on our revenue growth in this channel. For fiscal 2008, we are expecting annual revenue growth in the mid single digit to the low double digit range.  Our domestic indirect and other revenue declined 4% during the quarter with steady credit and debit card transactions compared to last year's quarter. For the year, revenue declined 10% with a 4% decline in credit and debit card transactions.  As previously discussed, the recent improvement in these results compared to the first half of fiscal '07 reflects the annualization of certain price reductions granted last year on multiple contract renewals in addition to growth from a limited number of customers. We are expecting this positive trend to continue into fiscal '08 and are anticipating revenue declines in the low single digit to high single digit range for the year.  Moving on to the money transfer segment. The segment had total revenue growth of 11% for the year. This growth met our near-term expectations and reflects the impact of a competitive domestic pricing environment as well as exceptionally strong results in prior year.  In the U.S., our transactions grew 18% for the year with revenue growth of 6. Transaction growth was driven by both same-store sales and an increased domestic branch footprint. We ended fiscal '07 with 875 domestic branches as compared to 835 branches at the end of our prior year.  In Europe, we ended the fiscal year with 68 branch locations as compared to 40 in the prior year. As a result of our European branch expansion we achieved 73% transaction growth and 62% revenue growth in this channel for the year.  For fiscal 2008, we expect total money transfer segment revenue growth in the mid single digit to low double-digit range. Importantly, we expect our money transfer growth will improve in the second half of fiscal 2008 as we anniversary the impact of the trends that I have just discussed.  I'll now ask Joe to further discuss our financial results as well as our next-generation technology platform. Joe? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Paul. In our press release, we included GAAP income statements and schedules that reconcile GAAP to normalized results. In comparing fiscal '07 results to the prior year, we excluded restructuring and other charges and stock option expenses from our normalized results as shown in these schedules. In comparing fiscal '08 results to fiscal '07, however, we intend to include stock option expenses in our guidance and in our normalized actual results for both period since we have now annualized our adoption FAS 123R.  For our standard practice, we will continue to exclude restructuring and other charges from our fiscal '08 guidance and from our normalized actual results. As anticipated, we expect to incur approximately $2 million in such charges during the first half of fiscal '08 in connection with the operating center consolidation plan that we announced in March 2007.  Moving to our fiscal '07 and fourth quarter financial results. Our merchant services segment operating margin was 25.8% for the quarter and 27.9% for the year. These results reflect declines compared to the prior year due to several previously discussed factors, primarily the impact of high growth in our lower margin ISO channel and the impact of our lower margin Asia-Pacific acquisition.  For the quarter, these two impacts were partially offset by the successful correction of a merchant card operating loss relating to a fraud situation, and we had fully reserved for during the second quarter of fiscal '07.  For fiscal '08 we are expecting a merchant services operating margin up 25.5% to 25.9%. This range represents an expected decline compared to the prior year primarily due to strong expected growth in our lower margin ISO channel.  Our money transfer segment operating margin was 10.2% in the current quarter and 10.9% for fiscal '07. These results reflect declines compared to the prior year, primarily due to competitive domestic pricing environment that Paul discussed combined with our branch phase, high fixed model. For fiscal '08, we expect a money transfer operating margin in the low double-digit percentage range.  For our corporate area, we expect fiscal '08 expenses to grow in the low single digit to mid single digit range compared to fiscal '07 including stock option expenses in both period.  Based on our segment guidance, we expect a fiscal '08 total company operating margin of 19.1% to 19.5% compared to a normalized fiscal '07 operating margin of 20.8%. These amounts include the impact of stock option expenses in both years but exclude the impact of restructuring and other charges.  Moving to our non-operating line items, we expect $12 million to $15 million in income from the net of our interest and other income and interest and other expense during fiscal '08. Also for next year, we expect minority interest net of tax of $9 million to $12 million and an effective tax rate of between 32% and 33%. Lastly we expect approximately 82 million in average diluted shares outstanding for the fiscal year excluding the impact of potential share repurchases.  Capital expenditures for the quarter were $12 million. Our capital expenditures this year are primarily related to technology spending including for our new G2 platform in the U.S. in addition to merchant terminals in Canada.  For fiscal '08 we expect capital expenditures of $40 million to $50 million. This expected growth over prior year is primarily due to increased merchant terminal spending in Canada and in the Asia-Pacific region.  We continue to make progress on our next generation technology processing platform which we refer to internally as our G2 platform. This G2 platform is planned to be a new front-end operating environment for our merchant processing in the U.S., Asia-Pacific and Canada and will replace several legacy platforms that have higher cost structures. Apart from cost advantages, there are many other benefits to this new platform such as increased speed to market of new product, ease of scalability, enhanced recording option, hardware environment flexibility and compliance with EMD and PCI standards.  In addition, G2 is being designed as a potential integration platform for future acquisition. It may help us to achieve higher acquisition synergies in the future. Our current migration plan is to begin converting the first of several Asia-Pacific front-end platforms to G2 during our fourth quarter of fiscal '08.  During fiscal '09, we expect to complete additional Asia-Pacific front-end conversion and intend to finish the Asia Pacific conversion during fiscal 2010. Also, during fiscal 2010, we intend to complete the conversion of our two legacy front-end platforms in the U.S. on to our G2 platform. Lastly, in fiscal 2011, we intend to complete the conversion of our Canadian front-end platform.  As in any multi-year technology project, our conversion schedule is based on estimates that are subject to change. As of our fiscal '07 year end, we have spent approximately 70% of the total expected capital expenditures required to complete this project. In connection with these projects we have already achieved savings related to technology vendor rate reductions for fiscal '08. We expect to achieve additional savings in fiscal '09, although the majority of our total G2 cost savings are expected to occur in fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011.  In summary, we are very pleased with these projects and with the progress that we are making. We believe our G2 platform is an attractive investment and will further solidify us as one of the most efficient payment processing companies in our industry.  Paul will now discuss our fiscal '08 guidance and our ongoing strategy. Paul? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Joe. Based on our current market trends and our ongoing growth strategy, we are providing annual revenue guidance for fiscal 2008 of $1.168 billion to $1.220 billion or approximately 10 to 15% growth over $1.062 billion in fiscal 2007.  We are also providing annual fiscal 2008 diluted earnings per share guidance of between $1.85 to $1.94, which reflects growth of 5 to 10% over fiscal 2007 normalized diluted earnings per share of $1.77. This guidance includes stock option expense but does not include any other significant acquisitions or potential restructuring and other charges.  When I consider the long-term growth prospects of Global Payments particularly the emerging Asian and Central and Eastern European markets are continued to be very enthusiastic about our future.  Operator, we'll now go to questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Kartik Mehta, FTN Midwest Research Securities Corporation. Your line is open. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corporation: Thank you. Good morning Paul and Jim. I had a question, Paul, last year you talked about improving the direct sales force and making that part of the company more productive. Maybe an update on where you stand and have you seen progress in that part of the company? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Kartik, I am pleased to say we have seen progress. It's still well very much a work-in-progress. Our sales force is basically as good as it's lead sources. And we have put more effort into generating which rich lead sources for our sales force as well as addressing some management which we did a while ago, compensation issues, tracking etcetera and the sales force had a couple of product wishes that we took care of as well.  Now it's all about generating rich leads for these guys to augment what they are able to generate through their own accord. And I am pleased with the progress to date. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corporation: Paul, if you look at the margin on the merchant side of the business, how much of an impact are you seeing from Asia because of the increased investments you are putting in that side of the business? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Asia clearly, we think long term is margin accretive. But for the near term it clearly will be margin dilutive because Kartik, as you can imagine when you add hundreds of new sales people over a fairly short period of time, many of whom, you not only have to train on your products, you have to train on sales techniques. They are not going to be totally productive at day one. So, that's been an expense as well as building up the infrastructure, putting in the management, opening new offices. So clearly we haven't given exact guidance on that but clearly it has hurt us. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corporation: And a question on the money transfer business. Are... you don't think [ph] in competition at least for the U.S. and Mexico quarter on the FX side. And is this a business without the easy comps that can return to maybe low double digit revenue growth? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I am going to let Jim answer the first part. I'll answer the second. We aren't hopeful. It's a challenge of the year that we are banging up against easier comps number one. And number two, Jim will share with you in the second that we are seeing some pricing stabilization which is helping. What we've seen in June, which is continuing in July is encouraging to that end too. So yes we do think this is a business that can return to those growth rates, that's our hope. Jim? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: In early 06, fiscal '06 we saw a modest 2, 3% pricing decline as we talked about last or this past fiscal year '07 starting in the second quarter timeframe was a point maybe November, December timeframe. We are starting to see a more dramatic drop in the marketplace. It wasn't just around FX but clearly FX was a part of it and that lower prices remained through the balance of the year. Paul just mentioned our balance of the fiscal year and into the first couple of months of this year, we have seen a stabilization. We're not seeing the declines that we had experienced last year. The transaction growth has returned back to the mid-teens. So we are feeling good that if those trends continue then that business will clearly... we'll clearly see growth numbers in the range of a double digit.  On the Europhil side, this business continues to do very well where we have seen explosive growth on the top line coupled with the doubling of the number of branches that we have in the market... in the Spanish market in particular. And we are encouraged as long as the pricing stabilizes in the U.S. that we will see DolEx continue to gain ground. Another thing I would mention is we've slowed down in terms of opening branches because there is a much better opportunity in the marketplace to acquire today than there was. Previously the smaller guys are equally affected by the events of the slowing in housing coupled with the immigration tightening. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corporation: So Jim, would it be fair to say, you're still like the branch model and that's what you focus on rather than going to an agent model? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: As long as... as we've said before, as long as it's a growing business the fixed cost model, we think this is a superior model as well as for compliance and host of other reasons. So I think for the foreseeable future at least this is related to DolEx and Europhil in the branch business but if we saw opportunities to expand to other corridors or even in this quarter and that was a agent model, I think we would at least take a look at it. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest Research Securities Corporation: Great. Thank you very much. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome. 
Operator: Paul Bartolai, Credit Suisse, you may ask your question. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. You guys saw a pretty nice pickup in the revenue growth and transaction growth in the domestic direct business. I just wondered if you could provide any more color there. Was that more macro driven or is it something that you guys did a little bit better in the quarter? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, good question. We did see a big improvement in the quarter which was nice to see. As I mentioned in the third quarter call, we did expect to see a sequential improvement. Our pipeline now is larger than what we did see but clearly it was driven by the ISO channel, in particular we had a couple of nice signing and one particular conversion that had a positive impact. But overall, the ISOs by and large did better in the quarter. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then looking at the spread there in the domestic direct between the transaction growth and revenue growth, I mean any sense when we could start to see that narrower or can you provide any more insight on what we should expect there? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The difference between transaction growth and revenue growth and domestic direct is largely caused by a mid-single digit decline in our average ticket which is a mixed issue due to the growth of the ISO channels which typically have lower average tickets than merchants who are getting from our direct sales channel.  Our spread actually has been relatively constant for the year. We had some compression on the direct side but that's been offset by the growth of the ISO channel. Again those merchants have higher spreads than merchants who are getting from our direct business. That has generally been a wash. The rest of the difference is coming from non-transaction based revenue growth that, that are not based on credit or debit card transaction. It would include the monthly fees that we are charging, the equipment fees and our check-in and gaming business. Those areas are just not growing as fast as transactions and it's causing a natural disparity between the transaction growth and the domestic with our current [ph] growth. We have seen that, that differential occur now for several quarters and I don't see anything causing that to dramatically change in the near term. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then looking at margins staying in the direct business here or in the merchant business, sorry, is there any possibility you could quantify how much of the margin compression you expect in '08 to be just from the mix shift versus margin compression in the base business? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is almost all the issues of the ISO growth being a very high grower but also having a lower margin. Of the 200 to 240 or so basis point decline that we're calling for I would say 100% of that is the ISO impact. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In fact, we actually saw a little uptick in the spread in the base business. So we are... that's actually helping. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Then just last question Joe, you mentioned there was a recovery in the fourth quarter related to the merchant. Could you quantify that impact on the fourth quarter? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I can, it was roughly $1 million that we have talked about this on our second quarter call as a broad situation that we have totally reserved for but we said it we were still pursuing those funds. We did collect those funds in the he fourth quarter. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: So I guess that $1 million benefit should have been in the merchant operating income? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Okay, great, thank you. 
Operator: Dan Perlin, Wachovia Securities, you may ask your question. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. It's clear that the domestic revenue has jumped up sequentially. I am wondering to what extent you have a number of ISOs that you may have already signed but not converted t to merchant to the portfolio or to your processing portfolio? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: That's very perceptive Dan. That's exactly what happened in the process of signing additional guys. That takes a while to convert. There was one meaningful ISO last quarter that had some... had a flurry of conversion and so that is the piece of it. But it's not stagnant. I would like you to reach a conclusion that we don't think we continue to get some list and this is a positive trend that continues. We are going to continue to sign ISOs. We continually to convert those ISOs, even this large ISO still have some conversion opportunity. So we think it continues. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: I was thinking more along the line of how many do you have yet to actually convert over. It was clear that it happened this quarter. I am hopeful that happens again over the course of 2008. I am just wondering as you sit here and you look at the visibility in your revenue growth of that line item, how many... if you could just quantify I guess how much incremental business that you have already signed but not converted, that's sort of a forward-looking question. 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: What we see are mid size, I mean the one that Paul just mentioned in particular happened to be much larger and I think you might see one or two of those a year. And that's generally a competitive takeaway for a variety of different reasons not necessarily just because of prices, largely service or some other factors. What we see a larger list of this year that we have previously or mid size and even smaller ISOs the universe of large ISOs is finite, and the ability to move them from one processing relationship to another is a long sale cycle. And there are lots of new guys interested in getting into the business. And so we are trying to service that through more than we have in previous years. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Dan once again, we know this would suggest that we have some robust growth we look forward to, our June numbers are pretty damn good in that area as well. So, yes it is. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: And presumably that conversion in this quarter was also one of reasons for the margin degradation in merchant. 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Sequentially, okay. The other question I had maybe for Joe is specifically as you look at the first quarter Joe, it's is pretty kind of steep grow over that you got to go through for the margin side for merchant. I am wondering I know in the past you have talked about how and like the first quarter of 2006. I mean you had some issues and that's why the margins were so much better potentially in the first quarter of '07. But I am wondering is there any reason that the first quarter for you guys could be from a margin standpoint materially higher than were you in the full year? How do we see that? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me just try to talk about my perspective on the first quarter. The seasonality issues that we talked about in prior quarters relating to Canada in the first quarter I believe will still hold and Canada generally will provide a higher revenue and earnings less in that first quarter due to the June July August month of year and there is generally higher spending. It is true though that the first quarter of last year was a very good quarter, and that will likely provide a tough comp for our first quarter of fiscal '08. And we will likely have margin decline in our merchant services channel, and it may very well be the steepest decline that we see in the year on a quarterly basis. We also have the national merchant reprising that occurred in the first quarter of last year that won't have annualized yet and that will cause a drag in the first quarter that we won't see in some of the other quarters. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then Paul I think I heard you say that Canada you expected full year, I think you said revenue growth, high single low double? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Joe? 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Is that correct? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Canada is high single, low double. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: What? What would drive that? I am really surprised to hear you say low, high single, low double growth in Canada kind of given the trends on an absolute basis if I look at that number, 54, 55, 54. It would imply that there is a pretty sizeable uptick. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there is some... there is some favorable FX that is certainly helpful. That's a nice tailwind. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Right. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: In addition you have the Canadian group still every year finds a way to grow faster than market by adding new merchants and coming up with new products and repricing appropriately. We have a very effective management team up there, and that's why that the expectation has separated us. 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: One of the components available to us for the next few years in Canada is replacement of the terminal base to an EMD base. There is an incentive for us to do that which is reflected in the revenues. And one of the things you saw this past year and you will see this year as well is the heavier than normal spend on capital for replacing of those terminals. These are terminals that we own and rent which is still the business model in Canada. So accelerating that process does provide a benefit plus we have seen our ISO business, number of our larger ISOs are now doing business in Canada as well. So I think there is a number of good positive fronts for them in the coming year. 
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Got it. Okay. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate it. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome Dan. 
Operator: Liz Grausam, Goldman Sachs, you may ask your question. 
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Just to come back to the margins and the business mix in your merchant division. Is it worth to grow as fast as you are growing if it has this implication on your margins? And looking into '08 '09 are we going to continue to see margin degradation from this business mix? Or when do you see an inflection point or maybe the mix stabilizes from a margin standpoint? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a great question. I am glad you asked it. The reality is when you have an opportunity to partner with some of the leading ISOs and the business absent the accounting has wonderful margins. But the way the business has accounted for, it does hurt the overall margin of the business. But at end of the day very profitable business draws off accounting cash, and it grows like a weed, I love the business. And I am proud to be associated with the entrepreneurers who are driving it.  Now, but we are not stagnant in rest of the company. It is tougher to grow our base business just in a greenfield because of the size of it, you just, you can't add enough sales people to really influence that significantly. You may get an occasional which, we got a little bit in April and June from the Visa, MasterCard increases to give a little push on that. The opportunity and I think it's going to be more to your question the inflection point will be more in '09. It is the growth of Central and Eastern Europe and Asia. That business is extremely margin accretive. And that business will be growing at... we think we'll exit the year at terrific rates.  So consequently as you grow that business and that is being taken into consideration of possible acquisition which could augment that business. We are hopeful that will happen as well. So as those businesses grow organically at significantly accretive rates, it does in fact help and then also the ISOs will reach a point where the law of large numbers have to kick in a little bit, and a lot of the growth will still be dramatic. It can't be at these types of levels forever. Is that helpful? 
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Yes. That's great. And then kind of building on your international and European strategy, I mean it will be great to those businesses of... bigger scales, it's making to offset some of the margin pressure you may see in the U.S. What does your pipeline look like? I know you authorized a $100 million in the buyback last quarter, doesn't seem like you exercised much of it. So a view on, what are you going to do with your capital if there are some good opportunities for better margin expansion overseas? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we clearly think that the best and primary use for our money is to make acquisitions. We do have a commitment to move forward on the announced buyback and we will give you an update on that next quarter. But the pipeline is decent. It is particularly in Central and Eastern Europe. It is a little over complicated in Asia just because of the... it takes a long time to establish those relationships. We have been in Central and Eastern Europe a lot longer. We have been working at a lot longer and we are hopeful you will see some things this year. 
Elizabeth Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: Moshe Katri, Cowen & Company. You may ask your question. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company: Hey thanks. Can you comment on the... maybe ISO pricing environment, talk about maybe are you seeing any disruptive behavior for some of your competitors maybe specifically First Data? Thanks. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Moshe, we initially saw a flurry of activity. Our ISOs are obviously subject to offers from lots of competitors, First Data included. These guys have very aggressive rates, very competitive rates and have signed long-term agreements with us. Jim, do you want to add something? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I think it is... there were some of that maybe 18 months or so ago but I would say most recently you are going to hear the our conversation of maybe below market price for front-end processing services. But I haven't seen it, it hasn't affected our ability to sign new business this year. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company: Okay and then moving on to DolEx I think in the past, Paul, you said that half of the branches in the U.S. are still going through an investment mode maybe the other half is matured and I guess is profitable. Can we get an update on that? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Moshe, you recall saying that exactly but clearly you have a.... it takes a while a year probably for branch to open and be profitable. So there's a couple of things we are doing. We are slowing down the greenfield opening branches. We are buying branches at very good prices when available. It's a little bit opportunistic but the prices have come down dramatically. You pay at a per transaction basis and it is a significantly less costing than it was. So a buy is much more effective way to open and expand your footprint than to build. But we do have a critical look every week literally at our branches, and we are probably if anything less, we are quicker to take action if we think our branch is not reaching profitability. And to that end we have actually closed a number of branches. We've been a little more aggressive in that area. That may be what you were referring to. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company: Okay. And finally can we get an update on the Discover relationship? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Joe. 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We just this summer, I think it was in June, did the first of our front end platforms in our data mode that we are now processing Discover transactions end to end for maybe two or three hundred merchants. And both are front end platforms which will also provide Discover although it's limited, Discover ability in Canada for card hovers there as well. We expect during second quarter to begin the migration of our entire base coupled with our ISOs who are going to participate in the program into this Discovery acquiring program. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Company: Okay, thanks. 
.:
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Moshe. 
Operator: Greg Smith, Merill Lynch, you may ask your question. 
Gregory Smith - Merill Lynch: Anyway I apologize if this came up. Is there anyway to quantify the FX impact on the Canadian guidance on a year-over-year basis somehow? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We generally can talk about historical impact of FX results and we'll actually include that impact in our SEC financials. But forward-looking FX impact is very difficult to quantify. It's highly complicated to try to forecast, a lot of volatility in the FX rate over the past six months particular in Canada. So we don't intend to provide assumptions or break that out on the forward-looking numbers. We have seen a lot about volatility in IT projections out there that show a deteriorating FX rate from U.S. to Canada in the second half of the year. But the projections are just so variable that it's too difficult to pinpoint at dipping number. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: But Greg, we do look back up, I mean we will tell you what kind of impact is that. It's just... just that's impossible to really with specificity and we do have our assumptions but we have to see where they go. 
Gregory Smith - Merill Lynch: Yes, okay, fair enough. And then in Canada, I believe you may have been seeing some... well let me ask you accelerated pricing pressure with large... on the large merchant side maybe similar to what we saw in the U.S. a few years ago. Are you seeing any of that? And how do you think that plays out, if so? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Actually I would say several years ago we saw probably much more aggressive pricing from a couple of our competitors. Most recently not as much but I think that our large merchants are always at risk in terms of a competitive RFP process. 
Gregory Smith - Merill Lynch: Okay. And then Jim maybe for you the Group Access [ph] the Queen Star, wondering if that's something you looked at and had any thoughts on the valuation? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I am sorry I didn't understand the name. 
Gregory Smith - Merill Lynch: The Group Access [ph], Money Transfer, the company was bought by Queen Star yesterday, I mean I just heard the tape last night. And I was just wondering if there is something you guys have looked at? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I look at what gets up to me and I am not familiar with that one in particular. So I don't have a comment. 
Gregory Smith - Merill Lynch: Okay, thanks guys. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Greg. 
Operator: Andrew Jeffery, Robinson Humphrey, you may ask you question. 
Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Andrew. 
Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I am little confused I guess by some of your comments regarding the merchant margin. And I know Paul you have said in the past fiscal '08 is going to be an investment year and I have taken that to mean investment in the HSBC sales force, investment in the emerging Europe sales force and infrastructure, platform consolidation etcetera. Yet I think I heard Joe say that the... essentially the entirety of the merchant segment margin decline year-over-year was going to be a function of mix which we understand to be accounting but mix nonetheless. So I am trying to reconcile that with your comments regarding investment this year with respect to EPS growth that's obviously going to trail revenue growth? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Andrew let me clarify again. The 200 and 240 basis points that has decline, the range that we gave on merchant services business. That is on... of the 100% the ISO channel. The international area the Asia-Pacific in particular we have a 100 basis point unfavorable impact on margin during fiscal 2007. That was largely a result of the acquisition. You are simply buying a company that has a lower margin than what your corporate average is. That 100 basis point impact is much less expected in fiscal '08. It probably breaks even maybe at 10 or 20 basis points at the most. But I think what Paul is saying that we could actually have positive margin impact on Asia if we weren't investing in that business. So on a mathematical perspective there is no specific impact year-over-year or maybe 10 or 20 basis points at the most. But it's a result of very high revenue growth that we are also growing extensively as well. 
Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So, it's an opportunity cost comment. 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Right. That's exactly correct. 
Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. So the implication being with respect to the law of large numbers in the ISO channel and then the potential for accelerating profit contribution from HSBC and Europe, in '09 that fiscal '08 is sort of the period during which you'd see the margin diminution be the most intense and then at some point theoretically all's being equal should begin to abate. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. In fact, there's a comment I made earlier to the question was we hope to exit with some pretty healthy numbers that point to the at least the trends starting to kick in, I mean you should see some impact and that's our hope. 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: And beyond just the investments that are being made on the sale side we're also starting actually this month for the conversion of our first of ten back end conversions. And as we move up out of the bank systems on to our systems, that will also help the margin in that region just as you saw in the years past the CIBC and the National Bank. 
Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. That's helpful. And then what are you anticipating stock based comp to be in fiscal '08, could you say? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We do not and again we are... we do not break that out separately. It will likely be similar to what we've had in the past but going forward it will include the numbers in our normalized results so that it just won't be a separate number. 
Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So you will include it in total corporate expense on the segment reporting. 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. And we'll compare ourselves against fiscal '07 GAAP results excluding restructuring charges. 
Andrew Jeffery - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Great, thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang, JP Morgan. You may ask you question. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: The question on HSBC and the margins, can you give us a rough sense of why you exited the year in terms of margins there? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am not sure how relevant the quarterly result is, that the full year margin is high single digit type of a number and we are expecting growth on that in fiscal '08 but again it may have to be development as a very positive revenue growth guidance that we gave for Asia Pacific which implies a big improvement on the organic revenue growth. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Okay, so high single digit margins for the year and probably higher incremental margins as we go forward better revenue growth. 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Exactly. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Starting plans on HSBC, and as you said but where are we in terms of sales headcount in Asia? What are you expecting here over the next several quarters? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we talked notionally about 300 sales people. My personal belief is that we can have significantly more than that. We still have some build-out to do with our management or infrastructure or lead generation or tracking, compensation programs, and we are still fine tuning all of that. But the countries, these territories have showed that engine to India and China and markets we're in, the other eight markets are just huge. So we could... you could have... you could pick a number basically. I believe as long as the opportunity exists, we will be foolish not to expand our sales force aggressively. On more of an update next quarter on that, and I would look for us to making real investment there. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Now I think that makes great sense. One last question on the ISOs, the three new ISOs signed this quarter. Can you give us just some perspective on the relative size of these new ISOs? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: These are big ones. We announced some... when we do we'll tell you guys, it's a great question of this, we weren't incredibly clear on that. These were a reasonable size ISOs. In fact we have a new program where we are actually incubating some smaller ISOs. And so you may even see a pickup on ISO signed as we get some smaller ones in. But these are reasonable size but nothing is... that's truly going to move a needle per se. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Okay. Great, thanks for all the details. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Tien. 
Operator: Your next comes from Adam Frisch UBS, you may ask a question. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks. Good morning guys. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Adam. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: How are you? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good, how are you doing? 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Good thanks. Paul I wanted to get kind of a perspective question in here. You guys have a given a lot of detail on lots of the questions that focus on that. But historically Global Payments has been more of a beat and raise company, obviously the last few quarters have been a little bit away from that. But the two big data points that were most important in my thesis were an improvement in domestic direct and '08 revenue guidance being better than where it was last quarter. So it seems to me that we are starting to trend a little better or maybe you guys are feeling a little bit better about the business or just have a better view on '08. And then I want to ask you is, what your view is in a nutshell on '08 as we move into '09? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I will take a shot at that, I will ask Joe and Jim to jump in, if it's for showing client [ph]. Clearly we like to beat and raise, that is a wonderful place to be. We are not saying that is the case. We believe this is guidance that we spend a lot of time and energy on. But I can tell you from the CEO perspective Adam that I am very enthusiastic about this year and particularly enthusiastic about investments we are going to make that, I think we're going to set up a fabulous '09 and '10. And I personally look forward to being actively involved in reporting our last quarters to you and all your colleagues on our results because I think we are as well positioned as we have ever been in our short life. And I couldn't be more enthusiastic about what I see in our future. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: So, '08 was positioned maybe on the last call and the one before that is more of a transition year, one of investment. Seems like it's not going to be as doom and gloom as you guys kind of gave before. Is that an accurate assessment? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are I think understandably cautions. We always want to make sure that we meet our expectations that we put out. And so just side by nature one... you will be foolish to put aggressive assumptions out there. And but what we saw some numbers preliminarily plus we were little spoofed by what we saw in the fourth quarter from the direct business. It didn't grow as nicely as it has been, that's rebounded terrifically. So, that led to that discussion. You are right. This is a more optimistic group you are talking to, so, you too. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. And then in terms of guidance because I think it's so important what you do in the first half for the year whether you exceed estimates or give a brighter outlook right? Because if '09 is going to be that much better than '08, then the faster we get to people looking at this stock '09 numbers the better, if durable on the stock and obviously you guys are. But so I wanted to know on your '08 guidance what could make it prove conservative or aggressive? What are some of the bigger moving parts that if we get this in this rate, you could have some upside but here are the challenges because we are certainly not out of the woods yet but things again do look a little bit better. So, if you could just address what could move guidance higher or lower? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: You are good, I would say that. We are all looking each others as you are asking that question. That's a great question. I just have... 
Adam Frisch - UBS: That's good, your client told me [ph]. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We are very early on in our year. We will say that we are enthusiastic about everything we've already talked about which is I don't need to repeat. But there are always some things that could hurt you. I mean if that acts those against you that's... as we said before, we are not terribly smart because you get a lift from it and you are down if you get hurt by. They are kind of is what it is. And the general economy always particularly with DolEx with constructions starts and things, those are things that concern us. Although we think that the credit and debit are not necessarily... which has improved but it doesn't have the dramatic kind of cause and effect you see in other industries but a general slowdown would definitely make us a little more pessimistic but we are kind of enthusiastic across the board. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, last question. I know I think Liz asked about the buybacks if I am not mistaken. Just wanted to know you brought it up last quarter is kind of we are going to wait, your approve date, you are going to 100 million eventually, at least you are approved to do 100 million. Now it looks like M&A might be moving back higher on the priority list than it was before. Given what's going on in money transfer, would you be more apt to do an acquisition there or something that is... would augment your performance on the merchant side? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we would be less apt to do an acquisition on the money transfer side and more apt on the merchant side. That's where the services side is from those circle of [ph] thesis. And in terms of the buyback and I think you can do both and it is a modest amount at $100 million, and we think we can execute both. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Then what makes the... at what point do you say well, money transfer we gave a shot, it's not really working, we don't like the fundamentals too much headwinds in the next couple of years or whatever. What makes you say we are going to divest it? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think this... we are not ready to say that clearly. It's a good team, it's a good model, it's a good product. And in an increasing, in a world with increasing complexities, the... our motto actually gives us comfort in terms of compliance. But any business and it's not just money transfer, anything that we have if it looks like the product obsolescence or if the growth is dramatically impacting us although there are negatives. I think good management looks at everything at all times. But I wouldn't want that to be anyway a message that we are dumping this business in 2010 [ph]. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks guys. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom McCrohan, Jenny Montgomery Scott. You may ask your question. 
Thomas McCrohan - Jenny Montgomery Scott: Hi just two small questions. Most of my questions have been answered. The rebound that you talked about in the press release on the money transfer side, is that rebound incorporated in your full year guidance? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, yes. 
Thomas McCrohan - Jenny Montgomery Scott: Okay, great. And I thought on HSBC I thought the guidance for the full year going into this quarter was 56-60 million or was that on a fully annualized basis that 56-60 that you had previously? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't remember if it's the exact number but that was a full year annualized number. 
Thomas McCrohan - Jenny Montgomery Scott: Okay. So how does the 48 come out on annualized kind of in that range? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it came in within the guidance that we had given. 
Thomas McCrohan - Jenny Montgomery Scott: Okay and on the corporate overhead which you disclosed on your non... on your segment reporting package. Well how much of the 12 million of stock option expense, for this just year ended is included in a corporate overhead? That's it, thanks. 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All of our stock option expense is included in that corporate line. 
Thomas McCrohan - Jenny Montgomery Scott: Do you have any outlook on corporate overhead ex-options next year growth rates? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Including options it will be the guidance that we gave with low single digit and mid single digit increase. We are not providing the guidance excluding options as we will be reporting it both this year or next year included in that line. 
Thomas McCrohan - Jenny Montgomery Scott: Fair enough, thank you. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome. 
Operator: The next question comes from Wayne Johnson, Raymond James. You may ask your question. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Hi good morning. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: And thank you for the update on the Atlanta transaction processing platform, that's very helpful. Just on the cash flow outlook. Do you guys have a target for cash flow from operations for this year but also how should we be thinking about that over the next two to three years? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't have a specific cash flow from operating activities guidance number. I would expect that the amounts would track with our earnings growth. The settlement processing line is very difficult to estimate, it's more based on timing and anything else and the working capital lines are also similarly difficult to estimate. But generally, historically it has tracks with our earnings results. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Wayne, it just nothing that we're chasing to change that. I mean this is one of the great factors of our business, or basically most people in our space is that the we generate from the cash and that's going to continue. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Okay, thanks. And going back to the currency again and maybe I missed this so I apologize. But in the fourth quarter of '07, what was the currency impact in that particular quarter for the whole company, Canada, Europe, Asia? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The whole company in the fourth quarter again was roughly a percent of additional revenue growth. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Did you say, I am sorry, did you say 1%? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Okay, 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Really no impact on the year in size. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Okay. That's great. And then going to Asia-Pacific I understand it's a large opportunity and the more sales people there the better as that business matures and becomes more visible. But just to put some numbers on it how many sales reps are there in that geography at the end of the fourth quarter '07? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: We started with hundred, we thought you guys were going to double that, we did, we actually did greater than that. And we are working towards 300 as we speak. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: And you are working towards 300 for the end of '08? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually I think it will be greater than that. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Okay, good. All right. Terrific, thanks very much. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Sproule, Thomas Weisel Partners. You may your question. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks, I appreciate it. A couple of quick questions I apologize if they seem somewhat competitive. If we look at the merchant volume growth obviously ISO conversions and strength there has helped us. What is it within the ISO community [ph], is lot of their growth to be there, is it new merchants signings that they are getting, incremental volumes from mix shift to credit and debit or is it conversion helping to be a big part of that and where you see [ph] your growth is? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's primarily a new business, we track all those business they bring in, and the revenue those generate. That's the piece of it. Conversions is a piece of it. Sales we had a bit of spread pickup too that helps us to choose where their base business gets a little more revenue too. And it's a larger base, so even a basis point helps there. So all in all those factors pretty much in that order. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And you mentioned you are going to start incubating some of the smaller ISOs out there given the fact that those will likely be significantly higher sort of risk than your large ISO contracts, would that result in, I would assume it results in increasing reserves. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually the smaller ones, the way they generally are set up is, we manage the risk in ISOs. So there is... we don't set up reserves for that anyway. We recognize also their experience. But I wouldn't infer from that we'll see any additional risk if anything they are probably... we spend more time with them than having to work with the larger ones on a day-to-day basis. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then I may have missed this because I missed some of your Europe comments. But given the fact that with the First Data acquisition, and all the cash around that, has that made a easier or cheaper to go out with acquisitions in Europe? Has it changed through the environment? Obviously that was very floppy payment period for a while for them going out for deals, has that made a little different a little for you guys? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well when we would hope we haven't seen it yet. In fact, I think they announced the deal. I saw it today that's across wire over yesterday. They bought somebody and First Data International. That is... Mark that would be our hope. On the... when someone pays 7x revenue for a deal that is multiples higher than everyone else, that gives you a little bit of reason to pause. We are hoping that we won't see that. I don't think they are just going to go away as much as I would love them to. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got you. And one last question on the DolEx side obviously we understand the issues within the money transfer business at large. But the platform was designed to also extend into some other financial services. Has that started to take some hold in the marketplace and is that going to help you longer term as far as kind of creating that kind of recurring customer base? Thanks. 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We believe that this is an area that we talked about for several years now. We had an issue with the vendor over a year ago, so we had to restart our value card effort but the product is completed in the market and data today in Texas intend to get that into Texas and California are two big states within the next couple of quarters as check cashing, we offer long distance cards, FM type [ph] of cards and we are just starting to introduce some insurance, retail insurance, pharmacy health cards and things of that nature. So I think that was an area that when in '06 the business was growing strongly and we did, we probably should have reacted quicker but did not. I am very pleased with the progress of the teammates where they stand today. And I don't think it's going to challenge the revenue size of DolEx overall. But it will clearly be incremental and it's very high margin. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks guys. 
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Dodd, Morgan Keegan. You may ask your question. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan: Hi guys. One, just one quick question on the Discover relationship. I mean you said you expect to start enrolling or transitioning the customers over to new platform in kind of second quarter. How long do you think that's going to take? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the bulk of it will be done, assuming everything goes smoothly by Christmas third quarter at the end. In worse case the bulk by the end of the third quarter. Probably totally wrap up, not the till the end of fiscal year but that will be the last 5 to 10% of the portfolio. Now as we bring in new ISOs, if you take little larger ones they have to become enrolled in the program. What we are focused on initially is our base, our some of the ISOs relationship and our primary ISOs who are now signed on to the program thus far. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan: And what's the participation level, as the majority of ISOs want to participate in that? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: So far, everybody who has been... we've had conversation with, I think we are at a 99.999%. 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Robert it's a great deal. We repurchased them, resold them basically at a pass-through. We negotiated a great deal, and Discover was very fair. It was the ISOs see the wisdom of participating is truly a good deal for them. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from Charlie Murphy, Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question. 
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Very quickly Joe you said that you would have some cost savings in '08 from vendor contracts to the G2. Is there any way to quantify that number? 
Joseph C. Hyde - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Now, we don't tend to quantify those savings. Its not a material number but I think we made that comment to show that we are making progress in the G2 platform, and we are already getting some investors from it. But it is included in the guidance. 
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Tony Wible, Citigroup. You may ask your question. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: You know most of my questions have been answered but I was hoping Paul if you could spend some time highlighting what you would see as some of the catalysts for international growth if there is anything in particular markets happening in next few quarters that you would particularly want to focus on. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tony. That's a great question to wrap with. I will kind of work from Europe over. I think in Europe a couple of things have to happen. We have made some progress in signing financial institutions and some new Eastern and central European locations. But truly the model not unlike the U.S is you want to be a direct acquirer. You want to be able to sign business directly through your own sales force, the same model that we have in U.S, Canada and the model we have in Asia. So consequentially we are looking for an opportunity to do that, and hopefully we will have some progress to offer you on that.  The next would be of course acquisition opportunities. There is a number of those but I think the more material is being control of your own destiny, growing a sales force, taking advantage of the platform and pursuing that strategy. In Asia, it is all about organic, it's going to be... it's going to be I think more difficult to make some acquisitions. And although like kind of cross over on central and eastern, we do think there are some acquisition opportunities there that are not as obvious to a lot people. In markets that probably don't have as much competition they are merging markets. I think there is... the merging markets with huge population, I think that's, we will be very interesting.  Now in Asia, just because it takes long time to establish ourselves, it is going to be mostly greenfield and the catalyst there is simply feet on the street. And that's a great way of growing, so it's sustainable. So, we are absolutely going to be increasing that sales force by... in offering new better products, offering services that this market has not yet seen and becoming increasingly very sophisticated and having that expectation. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: How long will it take you to migrate some of the ATM driving capabilities that you have from MUZO into the Asian market which I guess there are certain markets certainly within Asia that are more in the ATM driving mode rather the acquiring mode rate now it seems? 
James G. Kelly - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, currently the relationship is on the acquiring side with HSBC and I think it's kind of limited in that regard or I think other opportunities once we get beyond this initial couple of years could become available. And that will be one of them, that we will look at. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: How long will that process take in to migrate some of the technologies from MUZO driving capabilities over to Asia? 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the expectations for Asia as Joe mentioned on the call is to convert on to G2 platform so it's really... it would be a functionality we need to be built into the G2 platform more than porting over on MUZOs but it's not something that's currently on the horizon. So I don't know if I can give you a definitive answer. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Great. Thank you. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Tony. Operator, does that conclude? 
Operator: Yes sir. 
Paul R. Garcia - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, well I want to thank you all for joining us on our call today. We appreciate your continued support on Global Payments. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 1 o'clock p.m. and ending at midnight on August 9, 2007. If you wish to listen to the replay please dial 866-385-0198 or international participants can dial 203-369-0395. This concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
